Data
Bruce : "As usual, the tail has wagged" That's what makes England such a difficult side to beat these days. We'll be back in 40 minutes or so, and Andrew will tell you all about it.
49.6;2;Hazlewood to Woakes, 2 runs shorter from him to end. Slapped to long-on and Woakes calls Rashid back for another two, and they finish with 302. That's an excellent effort given they had the specialist batsmen all gone by the death, and lost the first over off the first two balls. England the happier side going in, but this is a fantastic wicket for batting. We've got a phenomenal chase coming up.;
49.5;2;Hazlewood to Woakes, 2 runs slower ball, smeared down to cow corner for two. 50 for Woakes, off just 38. Such a clever innings, and how these runs might matter in three hours or so;
49.4;4;Hazlewood to Woakes, FOUR runs poor bowling. Full and wide, and that one was punished as it should have been. Carved through the gap past backward point and Woakes is one away from a priceless half-century;
49.3;2;Hazlewood to Woakes, 2 runs lobs it over cover, and a diving stop from Labuschagne prevents what looks a certain boundary;
49.2;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run charged down the track but the change of pace bests him;
49.1;4;Hazlewood to Woakes, FOUR runs that's a ridiculous shot. Went across and initially appeared like he'd lap it to fine leg, but opens the face and squeezes it fine of short third instead. Brilliant thinking;
48.6;?;Starc to Rashid, no run moved across and Starc responds with a bouncer. Rashid tried to smear it anyway, but he's beaten. Eventful over, that;
48.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run the full toss was carved down to the cover boundary;
48.4;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run helicopter shot from him this time. Whips it down to long-on and gets a single;
48.3;6;Starc to Rashid, SIX runs Ho ho ho! That was as premeditated as they come. Rashid moves across and shows all three stumps, but smashes it over square leg. That came cleanly out of the middle, and he's joined in the fun;
48.2;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run this one was a bit too wide, which meant Woakes couldn't quite middle it. Flew up off the bottom edge, but as has happened so often today, it lands safely;
48.1;2;Starc to Woakes, 2 runs clears his front leg and has a baseball-style slog to cow corner. Wasn't quite timed as well as his other shots though and it's cut off at the boundary;
47.6;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run firmly struck back past the bowler, who snatched at it. Goes down to long-off, though, and he keeps the strike;
47.5;1;Hazlewood to Rashid, 1 run squeezes it down to third man;
47.4;2;Hazlewood to Rashid, 2 runs slower ball, chipped through the onside and the lack of pace on the shot and the long boundary means there's time enough for a couple;
47.3;?;Hazlewood to Rashid, no run this one only just misses the leg stump as Rashid steps away and tries to smear it through the onside;
47.2;?;Hazlewood to Rashid, no run that is an unplayable yorker, and too good for Adil Rashid. Shame it just missed off stump, because there was little he could have done about it;
47.1;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run slower ball, crunched down to deep cover;
46.6;?;Starc to Rashid, no run wide yorker and a dot ball to end;
46.5;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run digs it out and runs it down to third man;
46.4;4;Starc to Woakes, FOUR runs gloriously picked up and Woakes lifts it over extra cover to send it trickling away for four. Starc going for the yorker again, and only just missed it. Woakes was good enough to capitalise;
46.3;1;Starc to Rashid, 1 run clipped down to mid-on and he gladly gets off strike;
46.2;W;Starc to Tom Curran, OUT gets his revenge. Sends down one of those unplayable yorkers he's the best in the world at. Got revrse swing to moves it away from the bat and clatter into the base of off stump;Tom Curran b Starc 19 (29m 19b 0x4 1x6) SR: 100;
46.1;6;Starc to Tom Curran, SIX runs Curran connects well with one, and Starc has been slapped down to cow corner. It was in the slot, and he lay in wait anticipating adelivery of this sort, and executed the shot perfectly. Starc under pressure right from the off;
45.6;3;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, 3 runs tucked into the square leg region, and Starc looked a little awkward cutting that off. It enabled England to come back for three, but Australia a shade concerned for Starc, who's supposed to send own the next over;
45.5;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run squeezed to extra cover and they exchange ends;
45.4;4;Hazlewood to Woakes, FOUR runs that ones very nicely placed. Made room and carved the short ball over the head of the man stationed at 45. Intelligent batting;
45.3;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run low full toss, and Woakes smiles wryly at missing another one of those. That was one he really should have capitalised on;
45.2;1;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, 1 run took the pace off it, and an ill-timed slog finds long-on along the ground;
45.2;1w;Hazlewood to Tom Curran, 1 wide drags this down legside. Australia have been a bit untidy today with the extras;
45.1;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run slaps that hard back to the bowler, and after a bit of confusion, they scamper through;
44.6;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run full toss, but it was menacingly targeting the stumps, and Woakes can just about carve it to a cover fielder. Decent over;
44.5;?;Starc to Woakes, no run drops this one shorter. Woakes tried to smear that down to midwicket, but beaten by the (lack of) bounce;
44.4;1;Starc to Tom Curran, 1 run slashed away, didn't quite middle it and they pick up one to third man;
44.3;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run slower ball and Curran looked very hesitant dealing with it. Ended up trying to guide it to third man and got beaten;
44.2;?;Starc to Tom Curran, no run pushes him back with a quick ball that Curran just about fends off away from his body;
44.1;1;Starc to Woakes, 1 run chipped to long-on on the bounce;
43.6;1lb;Marsh to Woakes, 1 leg bye tickled down to fine leg. A despairing dive from Carey doesn't quite cut off the single;
43.6;1w;Marsh to Woakes, 1 wide loose ball down legside;
43.5;1;Marsh to Tom Curran, 1 run another short ball, pulled to midwicket;
43.4;1;Marsh to Woakes, 1 run slower bouncer. Woakes hangs the bat up above his head and flicks it down to fine leg;
43.3;2;Marsh to Woakes, 2 runs tucked into the onside, and clever running brings them back for two. England need that urgency now;
43.2;4;Marsh to Woakes, FOUR runs slapped back over the head of the bowler. It's gun-barrel straight and it splits long-off and long-on in half as Woakes picks up his second boundary;
43.1;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run squared him up almost. Hits the pads;
42.6;?;Cummins to Tom Curran, no run defended to long-on. That's Cummins and Zampa both done!;
42.5;2;Cummins to Tom Curran, 2 runs another slower ball and that's guided into the gap past extra cover;
42.4;1;Cummins to Woakes, 1 run rolled his fingers over it, and he eases it down to third man;
42.3;4;Cummins to Woakes, FOUR runs targets the short boundary once more. Lots of bottom hand into that clip to cow corner and England pick up a much-needed boundary. A first in nearly 5 overs;
42.2;?;Cummins to Woakes, no run off stump line, good length. No timing on it from Woakes. Cummins looking to finish strongly;
42.1;2;Cummins to Woakes, 2 runs opens the face and guides it down to third man;
41.6;?;Zampa to Tom Curran, no run dot ball to finish a really solid spell. Nine wickets and 51 runs, often coming on when the batters were attacking;
41.5;2;Zampa to Tom Curran, 2 runs lovely bowling. Gripped and turned and nearly took the bails with it. Only a thin outside edge saves him;
41.4;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run leg stump line on that occasion, and he works it away down to fine leg. They tried to push for two, but Starc was too sharp to allow it;
41.3;1;Zampa to Tom Curran, 1 run googly, clipped through the onside;
41.2;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run nudged down to mid-off;
41.1;1;Zampa to Tom Curran, 1 run nudged down the onside after he dances down the crease awkwardly to ensure he didn't get stumped;
40.6;1;Cummins to Tom Curran, 1 run dabbed into the onside, just that one off it;
40.5;?;Cummins to Tom Curran, no run blocked. We may be looking at a wicket maiden 41st over;
40.4;?;Cummins to Tom Curran, no run rolls his fingers over it once more. The last three overs, Australia have really pulled England back;
40.3;?;Cummins to Tom Curran, no run another slower ball. Curran looked like he was set up for it, though. Nudged into the offside;
40.2;?;Cummins to Tom Curran, no run Curran blocks it back. It hits the non-striker's stumps again, but this time Woakes is well in;
40.1;W;Cummins to Bairstow, OUT Makes the breakthrough. Rolled his fingers over it and it spins in sharply to pierce the gap between bat and pad and knock off stump back! He has to go for a magnificent century, and Australia have a bit of wind in their sails now;Jonny Bairstow b Cummins 112 (177m 126b 12x4 2x6) SR: 88.88;
39.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run googly, tapped into the onside for a single;
39.5;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run pushed through the offside, for sweeper cover to cut off;
39.4;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run eased down to long-on for a single. Decent couple of overs for Australia, out of nowhere, really;
39.3;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run driven back and it smacks the stumps at the other end. Woakes was stranded out of his crease, but Zampa didn't get a hand on it. Lucky break for the England allrounder;
39.2;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run good bowling. Good length, a bit of air and some turn. Cut away to the backward point fielder;
39.1;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full and well flighted. Driven to mid-off and he gets Bairstow on strike early in the over this time;
38.6;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run gets on the front foot and punches it through the offside. Just one off it;
38.5;1;Marsh to Woakes, 1 run no we're not anymore. Clumped down to long-on and Bairstow has the strike;
38.4;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run another one finding that fielder. Are we really on track for a maiden?;
38.3;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run driven crisply to extra cover, well fielder and he keeps him on strike. Nice over from Marsh so far;
38.2;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run another one that had the pace taken off, Woakes finds the same fielder;
38.1;?;Marsh to Woakes, no run slower ball, Woakes gets low and pokes it to backward point;
37.6;4;Zampa to Bairstow, FOUR runs crunched through cover, and makes that look so easy. It races past the fielder in the deep, and what wasn't a bad over from Zampa is slightly tainted;
37.5;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run nice shape on that, got a bit of turn and Bairstow opted to shoulder arms;
37.4;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full and flighted to begin with. He slaps it past mid-off to get Bairstow back on strike;
37.3;W;Zampa to Billings, OUT reverse sweep and Billings gives it away!. He didn't get that anywhere near the middle; it caught the top of the bat and flew up straight to the man at 45. He goes for an attractive half-century;Sam Billings c Marsh b Zampa 57 (83m 58b 4x4 2x6) SR: 98.27;
37.2;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run pushed down to long-on;
37.1;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run beaten in the air and nearly scooped to cover-point. Clever bowling;
36.6;4;Cummins to Bairstow, FOUR runs crunches it back down the ground to finish the over with aplomb. Brilliant batting from Bairstow, and England are moving through the gears now;
36.5;6;Cummins to Bairstow, SIX runs that's an unbelievable shot, even more so given it brings up his hundred. Just a short-arm jab to a ball at 89 mph. So casual, and yet it clears the square leg boundary comfortably;
36.4;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run that was a bit too close to cut, as Bairstow nearly found out to his cost when he nearly chopped it on to his stumps;
36.3;1;Cummins to Billings, 1 run took the pace off that one and Billings squeezes it down to fine leg;
36.2;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run opens the face and carves it down to deep point as he moves to 95;
36.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run driven to the offside;
35.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run driven down to mid-on, and that brings up the 100-partnership. It's come in 112 balls, and from 95 for 4, it was desperately required. Kept England well in the game;
35.5;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run bowls a little slower and gives it air. Rewarded with grip off the pitch and it scooped up in the air, only to fall short of any offside fielder;
35.4;4;Zampa to Billings, FOUR runs this one's overpitched and he's smacked that through the empty cow corner region. Zampa's been put under pressure straightaway. Let's see what the leggie has up his sleeve;
35.3;2;Zampa to Billings, 2 runs a touch short, and he pulls it away to midwicket, and that's his 50! Lovely innings in what could be a match-winning partnership;
35.2;?;Zampa to Billings, no run hops down the crease once more, only to be forced to poke it to the offside;
35.1;4;Zampa to Billings, FOUR runs dances down the wicket and slaps it through the wide mid-on region. Looked like Warner might have been in business but he can't quite get to it;
34.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run low full toss, driven down to mid-off;
34.5;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run yorker length and he just about digs it out. Finch has a shy at the stumps and whacks Starc in the leg instead;
34.4;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run slower ball and it balloons into the air on the offside through a vacant cover region. The pace of the ball deceived him completely but he gets away with it;
34.3;?;Starc to Billings, no run slight change of action from Starc and its jabbed into the onside, only to find the fielder;
34.2;6;Starc to Billings, SIX runs that's impressive hand-eye coordination, what a shot. Got down and across and laps it over fine leg. It carries all the way for six;
34.1;2;Starc to Billings, 2 runs inside edge, and what should have been a cover drive becomes a squeeze down to fine leg;
33.6;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run driven back to the bowler, which sends the non-striker scrambling to get back into his crease;
33.5;1;Marsh to Billings, 1 run slower delivery to finish off. It's clumped down to the cow corner boundary;
33.4;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run nurdled down to fine leg;
33.3;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run went slightly shorter this time, angled to short midwicket;
33.2;2;Marsh to Bairstow, 2 runs clears the front leg and slaps it down to square leg as they pick up a couple;
33.2;2nb;Marsh to Billings, (no ball) 1 run that's a no-ball. Finn's law applies! He's knocked the bail over, and they've got a run down to third man;
33.1;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run languid push down to long-on;
32.6;?;Starc to Billings, no run pulled at a short ball, and the keeper went up as if he'd got a tickle on it. No reaction from Starc, though;
32.5;6;Starc to Billings, SIX runs well, no one's stopping that. It was in the slot, poor delivery, in truth. Billings rocked back and gave it a thump, and this time gets it perfectly right. Sails away past cow corner and into the car park. They might need a new ball here.;
32.4;2;Starc to Billings, 2 runs brilliant fielding from Cummins at square, that's excellent from him again. It was clubbed with some force, and Cummins got out the dive to cut off the boundary;
32.3;?;Starc to Billings, no run well, he connected nicely with that one, and nearly paid for it with his wicket. Straight back at him, but those need to stick. In this case, it popped out of that left hand;
32.2;?;Starc to Billings, no run driven crisply down to mid-on. Billings looks good when he middles it even when it doesn't fetch any;
32.1;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run sliced away down to Adam Zampa at third man;
31.6;?;Marsh to Billings, no run slower bouncer, and this one's well targeted. Billings lets it go;
31.5;?;Marsh to Billings, no run poked into the onside;
31.5;1w;Marsh to Billings, 1 wide strays down legside with a short ball;
31.4;2;Marsh to Billings, 2 runs this one's jabbed down to cow corner, lots of bottom hand in it. Stoinis does well to keep it to two with the dive;
31.3;?;Marsh to Billings, no run runs down the track and has an almighty thwack at it. Doesn't hit the ball, but fresh air gets a wallop;
31.2;1;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 run a little hop down the wicket, but he ended up dropping it dead on the offside and scampering for one. A bit of football from Marsh as he tries to effect a run out;
31.1;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run worked away to midwicket;
30.6;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run good finish to the over, cutting back into the pads, and cramped outside off stump;
30.5;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run open-faced steer to third man, can't pick the gap;
30.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run firmly pressed into the off side, tight and probing mid-innings bowling here;
30.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run fired into the pads, Billings almost sells himself a dummy while backing up, but scurries back well;
30.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run fully forward, and pressed back to the bowler;
30.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run stretching onto the front foot and pushed to cover;
29.6;?;Marsh to Billings, no run blocked on the back foot. No damage done by the extra ball;
29.6;1w;Marsh to Billings, 1 wide short, too short, we'll have that one again;
29.5;?;Marsh to Billings, no run looks for the big wind-up, but settles for the front-footed block into the covers;
29.4;1lb;Marsh to Bairstow, 1 leg bye leg-sided, England settle for another nurdle off the hip;
29.3;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run whittled off the toes, out to midwicket. Marsh keeping it admirably tight so far;
29.2;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run drawn onto the front foot, solid push back down the wicket;
29.1;1;Marsh to Billings, 1 run back of a length, very tight line, Billings waits on the back foot and taps the single to backward point. Good ball, but robbed by some slow reactions in the field;
28.6;1;Hazlewood to Billings, 1 run forward and blocked into the on-side;
28.5;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run a whistling air-shot, as Billings lines up something expansive over midwicket, and nearly loses his off stump in the process;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run an eager cut, climbing into some rare width but can't pierce the field;
28.3;?;Hazlewood to Billings, no run careful now! Signs of reverse as Billings makes room for the late cut and so nearly drags on in his haste to readjust;
28.2;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run cracked behind square as Bairstow attempts a cut but is just cramped a touch by the line and the bounce;
28.1;1lb;Hazlewood to Billings, 1 leg bye walks across the stumps, whips with the angle behind square;
27.6;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run a bit of turn and bounce again as Bairstow wears this on the thigh pad. England just beginning to up the ante against his all-sorts...;
27.5;2;Maxwell to Bairstow, 2 runs another sweep, brings up the fifty stand;
27.5;1w;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 wide fired in flatter, outside leg, and Bairstow misses his pull as Carey wears the ball on his shoulder to gather it. Turn and bounce...;
27.4;2;Maxwell to Bairstow, 2 runs a very delicate sweep off the legs, very very fine past the keeper;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run another appeal, again leg-sided as Billings works the ball behind square;
27.2;4;Maxwell to Billings, FOUR runs reverse swept through the covers! Panned in front of square. Hell of a stroke...;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Billings, no run tossed up on leg stump, as per...;
26.6;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run short-arm pull, not quite short enough for the stroke as Bairstow under-edges to the leg side. That's a good comeback over;
26.5;1;Cummins to Billings, 1 run misdirected this time, but fine leg is well placed to mop up a flick off the pads;
26.4;?;Cummins to Billings, no run full and straight, very solid block back to the bowler;
26.3;?;Cummins to Billings, no run blotted off the front foot, into the covers, a loud shout of "no!";
26.2;?;Cummins to Billings, no run another big appeal! More going for this shout as Cummins finds late movement into the pads on a full length, but doing too much. And an inside-edge too;
26.1;1lb;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 leg bye crashes into the pads, but too straight and too high on first impressions. No reviews left either way...;
25.6;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run fenced to the on side, head over the ball. Maxwell twirls through another tidy over;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run tucked off the pads, can't find the gap;
25.5;1w;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 wide sliding past the legs as Bairstow leaves it deliberately to coax the wide;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run right back on the stumps, clipping the leg-stump delivery in the air out to midwicket;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run more good use of the feet, not quite getting there, but close enough to nurdle the single to the on side;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run a shuffle to the pitch once more, clipped firmly to the on side;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run worked off the legs again;
24.6;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run patted firmly out to the off side.;
24.5;2;Cummins to Bairstow, 2 runs fenced to the leg side, another poor throw allows the single. Australia's standards in the field just dipping a fraction;
24.4;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run cutter, tight line, nibbling back into the right-hander, who works with the angle to defend off the legs;
24.3;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run much fuller length, wide line outside off, a big swing and a miss;
24.2;1;Cummins to Billings, 1 run a flashed drive into the covers, had Warner gathered that, a direct hit would surely be out! But he fumbles and Billings coasts home;
24.1;?;Cummins to Billings, no run full length, attacking line, blocked firmly to backward point;
23.6;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run back and across, England content to milk Maxwell's tidy offerings;
23.5;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run fenced behind square, no width on offer with this angle, bowling to his vast leg-side field;
23.4;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run working the singles as Maxwell probes on a middle and leg line;
23.3;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run a bottom-handed thump to the leg side, Warner at square leg is beaten by big spin;
23.2;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run right back on the stumps, clipped in the air for a moment but safely behind square;
23.1;?;Maxwell to Billings, no run flicked to the leg side;
22.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run drops the hands and sways inside the line as Starc bends his back on off stump;
22.5;2;Starc to Bairstow, 2 runs tighter line, more good running as Bairstow is cramped on a back-foot drive to third man, finds the gap to return for the second as Stoinis swoops;
22.4;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs rare width from Starc, and Bairstow is in the mood to punish it! Rolling the wrists on a thumping drive in front of extra cover;
22.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run bashed with intent into the covers as Bairstow rises into a drive, but can't pierce the field;
22.2;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run no liberties to be taken on that line and length, tight to off stump, curling towards middle. Blocked;
22.1;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run tight line, just back of a length, flicked with an open face down to a fine third man;
21.6;?;Maxwell to Bairstow, no run rising on the back foot to defend to the leg side. Tidy over;
21.5;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run lively footwork, blocked with a tangle of limbs on middle and off;
21.4;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run Bairstow shimmies at the crease, threatening to advance, but instead rocking back and stealing a single off the pads;
21.3;1;Maxwell to Billings, 1 run advancing to the pitch once again, flicked uppishly off the toes, out to the leg side;
21.2;?;Maxwell to Billings, no run tossed up, outside leg this time, tapped with the angle back to the bowler;
21.1;1;Maxwell to Bairstow, 1 run leg-stump line, clipped square. A huge leg-side boundary for Maxwell;
20.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run right up to the toes, nudged to leg, another gap picked as England find some momentum against Zampa at last;
20.5;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run better use of the feet this time, shuffling to the pitch and he's halfway through the quick single as Marsh gathers at mid-on;
20.4;?;Zampa to Billings, no run lots of air, Billings advances but yorks himself in the process. Tapped to mid-on;
20.3;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run tapped off the toes, a touch quicker through the air;
20.2;4;Zampa to Bairstow, FOUR runs Bairstow shuffles to the pitch, and finally takes on that alluring short boundary, waiting on the stroke and flicking calculatedly through the gap at midwicket. Solid;
20.1;2;Zampa to Bairstow, 2 runs nudged off the pads behind square, finds the gap well;
19.6;4;Starc to Billings, FOUR runs back over the wicket to Billings, who chops wristily past backward point! That's firmly played and well placed, to keep the scoreboard ticking. The hundred is up;
19.5;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length, a slower and shorter cutter, banged into the middle of the pitch, and a languid pull to the man behind square;
19.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run round the wicket now, curling on a full length, back into the right-hander, firm in defence;
19.3;1;Starc to Billings, 1 run poked with very hard hands, back down the line of the ball. Solid;
19.2;?;Starc to Billings, no run jaffer! That's a lovely piece of bowling, late jagging outswing, curling past the edge on a perfect length. You do well to nick those...;
19.1;?;Starc to Billings, no run outswinger on a full length, Billings watches it onto a forward defensive;
18.6;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run skidding on faster and flatter, and Zampa is very excited! It seemed as though Bairstow got bat on that, but he was beaten by the change-up, did it flick pad first? If so, it's tight. Australia review. Nope, lots of bat. On we go;
18.5;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run whipped from outside off stump, and gathered at midwicket;
18.4;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run head right over the ball, blocking for all he's worth;
18.3;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run pressed with a full face down the ground to mid-on, and Billings is up and running;
18.2;?;Zampa to Billings, no run tossed up first ball, and stoutly blocked;
18.1;W;Zampa to Buttler, OUT lots of air, and Buttler's holed out cheaply again! Massive wicket, Buttler tries once more to go inside out through extra cover, and Finch is right in situ to scoop him up in the covers! Reward for probing bowling, and good thinking, inviting the skimmed drive, and getting the reward!;Jos Buttler c Finch b Zampa 8 (32m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
17.6;4lb;Marsh to Bairstow, 4 leg byes climbs into a pull, and I reckon he's faced that to fine leg! Yep, through the shot too soon, and wears it on the teeth, like a really badly timed leap for a header to the near corner. The grille does the needful though. On we go;
17.5;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run banged in short, Bairstow ducks as the ball zips over his shoulder;
17.4;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run nurdled to the on-side, can't create the angle as Marsh finds a touch of outswing from a full length;
17.3;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run pops a touch from back of a length, short midwicket is in business for a split second..;
17.2;?;Marsh to Bairstow, no run rising from a full length, tight line on middle and leg. Blocked with hard hands;
17.1;2;Marsh to Bairstow, 2 runs flipped off the toes to the leg side, just a touch too straight from Marsh this time;
16.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run firmly pushed into the covers once more. Five from the over, which is perfectly adequate at this stage;
16.5;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run ripped through at a fair lick, dipping on off stump and clipped to midwicket;
16.4;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run drilled along the deck to mid-off, a tidy over so far;
16.3;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run right back on the stumps, pumped into the off-side with stiff forearms;
16.2;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run inside-out drive through extra cover, head over the ball;
16.1;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run on the back foot, worked to square leg;
15.6;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run crunched through the offside to keep the strike;
15.5;4;Cummins to Bairstow, FOUR runs an 88mph short ball that Bairstow tried to pull through midwicket. Didn't quite get it there but a thick inside edge squeezes it down fine and that brings up the half-century;
15.4;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run clipped off the front foot to short midwicket. England are finding the fielders a little more frequently now;
15.3;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run opens the face and carves it through the cover region. They curry through for one, and even Warner's direct hit isn't enough to threaten a fairly routine single;
15.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run targeting the stumps. Defended back to Cummins. Buttler hasn't really got going just yet;
15.1;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run length delivery gunning for the top of middle, worked down to mid-on;
14.6;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run nudged into the onside;
14.5;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run fuller from Zampa, and it's driven down for a single;
14.4;2;Zampa to Buttler, 2 runs thick outside edge and it was uppish, with short third interested for a little while. It lands well wide though and they come back for a couple;
14.3;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run low full toss, that was the opportunity for a put-away. He timed it well, but straight to the one man stationed in the inner circle;
14.2;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run gets a big stride out but can only defend it to the offside;
14.1;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run gives it a bit of air, driven down to long-off;
13.6;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run worked own to midwicket, and they're not crazy enough to take on Stoinis' arm;
13.6;1w;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 wide that one will finally be called. Another short ball and this one was straying a bit too far down leg for the umpire to overlook. Shane Warne, though, has lost his rag on commentary talking about it;
13.5;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run good length, wicket-to-wicket line. Dropped it down to mid-on and they scamper through for a single. England have to find a way to keep the runs ticking along;
13.4;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run banged in short and Bairstow gets under it. Perhaps a tad fortunate not to be called wide given it was tailing down slightly;
13.3;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run defended to mid-on;
13.2;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run took his eyes off that but manages to pull that down to midwicket;
13.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run pushes him back with one slightly short of a length, defended;
12.6;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run defended. Another excellent over for Australia, just the one of;
12.5;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run was there an edge? Perhaps not. Buttler lunged at that with a bit of belligerence but was beaten completely;
12.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run carbon copy. Decent little period, this, for Australia;
12.3;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run plants the front foot early to block. Looks like he'll treat Zampa with respect for now;
12.2;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run leg stump line, Buttler blocks;
12.1;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run nice shape and drift from Zampa. Sliced away for a single;
11.6;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run defended. Just three runs off the two post-Powerplay overs;
11.5;1;Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run angles it down to third man;
11.4;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run short ball that Bairstow gets out of the way of;
11.3;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run driven through the cover region;
11.2;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run kept a shade low. Bottom edge through to the keeper on the bounce;
11.1;?;Cummins to Bairstow, no run suddenly, Cummins looks more dangerous. Cross seamed ball that moves ever so slightly away and nearly nabs the edge;
10.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run driven down the ground and he keeps the strike. Best over for Australia in ages;
10.5;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run drives nicely but straight to extra cover;
10.4;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run nicely flighted and Bairstow was a little careful in how he approached it. Might not have been that wary had he still got Morgan at the other end;
10.3;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run worked through cover and he gets off the mark;
10.2;W;Zampa to Morgan, OUT and he gets the breakthrough! Morgan looks pretty unimpressed with himself, and so he should. He struck it well, but attempting that short with Starc stationed at mid-off was much too risky;Eoin Morgan c Starc b Zampa 23 (47m 28b 4x4 0x6) SR: 82.14;
10.1;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run starts with a flighted one outside off, driven back;
9.6;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run whacked through the onside and he keeps the strike. It's ended up being England's Powerplay, arguably, and that's quite the comeback after the first two balls;
9.5;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run makes room and Hazlewood follows him. He manages a single down to fine leg Smart bowling;
9.4;2;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 2 runs tucked away to square leg and they come back for a couple. Hazlewood continues to leak runs, and that's not something we say often;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run banged it in short and he gets out of the way;
9.2;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs squeezed through the two men behind square on the offside in the circle. A dive from short third gets a hand on it but can't prevent it racing down to the boundary;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run an attempt at a swivel-pull, but when you don't make contact, it looks like an ungainly pirouette;
8.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run excellent end to it. Poked away to the onside. Just 5 off it;
8.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run been a pretty good comeback this over. Cramps Morgan up once more;
8.4;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run again, gives him no room while ensuring he doesn't stray down leg side. It's a very delicate balancing act, but Cummins needs to nail it constantly;
8.3;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run similar line, and Morgan gets a thick inside edge. Better last couple of deliveries;
8.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run angling away. Morgan opened himself up but realised it was too close to cut through the offside;
8.1;4;Cummins to Morgan, FOUR runs same line but this time Morgan gets a faint tickle on to it and runs it down for another boundary. This is a little too easy for England right now;
8.1;1w;Cummins to Morgan, 1 wide Cummins strays slightly wide down legside;

Naseef: "To add a little more to what @Cricketbadger said, I have noticed that the matches in England are mostly played on true pitches that offer something for everyone, yes there have been roads as well in some of the series but if you compare, you will see that the balanced pitches outweigh the others!"
 Innings Start
9.30pm So, that's the end of that. And the end of that as well ... that being the bio-secure English summer. It's been a remarkable effort to get 18 fixtures up and running into the teeth of a pandemic, and the quality of the cricket has been remarkable in the circumstances. An absolute humdinger to close out the festivities. Thanks to all of you for joining us, and stay tuned for post-match reaction, with George Dobell cranking it up as we speak. From Miller, Danyal, Thilak and the team. Thanks and goodnight!
Akhilesh: "They didn't win this game, but what a season of cricket it has been for England! In tests, they've sorted out their opening and wicketkeeping issues and have got a bowling unit that's bowling with terrific rhythm. And in white-ball cricket, they continue to assert their dominance, winning from ridiculous positions and their bench strength is so formidable that 'every player in the 11 is replaceable' as Morgan rightly put it. We are truly witnessing the golden age of England cricket."
Tasmeem: "The perfect choice for both awards. Good on you, Maxi. Hopefully you continue to mature a bit more and hold your nerves till the end."
Glenn Maxwell is Player of the Match, and of the Series "It's a short boundary out there, we tried to target it, and take it deep. It was tempting, I tried most balls to go that way, but also pick my moments, get the right length, get it up in the air and I was confident it would travel. My technique doesn't look traditional but I feel calm at the crease, not so much moving around."
Eoin Morgan: "We were still in the game, when you break big partnerships and the ball is offering a bit, you're never out of the game. But Australia were too good for us today, starting in the first over, to post over 300 is a huge positive for us. Pegging Australia back, we were right in the game but Carey and Maxwell played outstandingly well."
"Small opportunities that we might have taken advantage of might have changed the game, but when you've been beaten by a better side you have to put your hand up."
Who knows what's next for England... "sitting around and waiting until tours are confirmed." South Africa next, in theory. India at some stage, hopefully.
Aaron Finch: "An incredible game of cricket. When you've got Pat Cummins behind Maxwell [you're in trouble] but Maxi can counterattack and that partnership with Alex was outstanding. The work they've put in has paid off. There's not many bowlers can stop him when he's having one of his days."
9.18pm Pranav: "I think George Dobell wrote the article after the first game "Australia will always be the benchmark for England". Bang on! Whattta game!! " He certainly did ...
"Ollie Pope has been diligently watching Surrey all evening, but has just gone inside to watch this finish on the TV," says Matt Roller, down at The Oval. So he's the bloke who moved on the balcony then!
Patch: "Fascinating series - not sure the better team won but we will take it. Consigning the collapse from game two to history books is a bad idea, as it doing exactly not that that has made Australia a World Cup powerhouse - two out of three isn't good enough if you want the trophy! Also a quick thanks to the Cricinfo team for covering this unusual English summer, it's helped me along during the lockdown restrictions of Melbourne winter. Cheers!" You are very welcome, it's been lively! And a lot more fun than most late September ODIs in living memory!
9.12pm Good lord, what a contest, what a series! Australia were dead and buried in that chase, but a stunning stand between Maxwell and Carey turns the tables.Centuries for both men, and though they both succumbed at the death, their tail held firm to secure a memorable triumph. The whole Aussie squad have bundled onto the pitch, scenes oddly reminiscent of West Indies' squad at The Oval in the Champions Trophy final in 2004... similar time of the year, autumn closing in, and odds overturned by the visitors. That meltdown in game two can be consigned to the history books ...
Piyush: "A bit too much of a gamble by Morgan. Always easier for a decent tailender to smack a spinner vs a tearaway fast bowler like Woods! Having said that, Australia have snatched victory from the jaws of defeat!" True. Though Rashid's variations have done for many a tail. Superb strike from Starc settled the manner to be fair!
Gautmas: "73/5 everybody wrote Australia off considering they were facing the current WC champions at home. Little did they know they are up against 5 time WC champions"
49.4;4;Rashid to Starc, FOUR runs swept, and nailed through backward square! Australia win the match, win the series, end England's unbeaten home run! Scenes!;
49.3;1;Rashid to Cummins, 1 run back of a length, thumped hard to long-on, just the single. Two to get, three balls...;
49.2;1;Rashid to Starc, 1 run another googly, clawed into the leg side, Bairstow is lurking at deep midwicket, and it's just as well he didn't make better contact... another run ticked off!;
49.1;6;Rashid to Starc, SIX runs High and handsome! Archer's back on the rope at long on... but Starc has nailed the googly! Right in his slot, Rashid went for the wrong option there, and the new man was waiting for it!;
48.6;W;Archer to Carey, OUT stunning catch at third man! Mark Wood! Tumbling forward, like a mirror image of Simon Jones at Edgbaston ... swooping low, as Archer banged in the short wide one! The umpires are taking a look to make sure, but that reaction was unequivocal! Dipping out of the lights, amazing athleticism, stretching to the pitch, and suddenly, the key man is gone, and perhaps as importantly, it's another dot!;Alex Carey c Wood b Archer 106 (168m 114b 7x4 2x6) SR: 92.98;
48.6;1w;Archer to Carey, 1 wide that one is a wide though! Tried for the same ball, but just the wrong side of reachable. Good option though ... I wonder if he'll try it again...;
48.5;?;Archer to Carey, no run well bowled, Carey made room, Archer dangled it just inside the tramline, and he can't make contact! Precious dot!;
48.4;1;Archer to Cummins, 1 run good scramble from Cummins, on the back foot and blocked to cover. The shy would have been tight, but it's wide...;
48.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run thumped on the wrist as Cummins limboes into the short ball! Trying to make room but that just followed him!;
48.2;1;Archer to Carey, 1 run firmly drilled as Archer nails a full-length inswinger, but Curran intercepts superbly at mid-off... looked like a four, only a single;
48.1;1;Archer to Cummins, 1 run speared into the pads, good contact from Cummins, patted to square leg, over to his senior partner;
47.6;1;Rashid to Cummins, 1 run big wide googly, Cummins slaps a drive to long-off... he'll keep the strike. 14 needed... two good overs or three good strokes?;
47.5;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run back and across, fenced through backward point to a ripple of grateful applause from the balcony. Who knew such tension was possible in an empty September ground!;
47.4;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs swept again, Rashid offers the googly to the left-hander. I suspect it'll be big leggies to the new boy!;
47.3;W;Rashid to Maxwell, OUT another mow, another top-edge, and that's the wicket! Oh my! Rashid went for the slow wide one, tossed right up to tempt the glory wipe... and Curran at short third man just about clung on with a juggle as he leapt forward!;Glenn Maxwell c Curran b Rashid 108 (138m 90b 4x4 7x6) SR: 120;
47.2;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs huge wind-up and a top-edge! Rashid goes to his big legbreak, and Maxwell goes to his down-on-one-knee swipe!;
47.1;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run down on the knee for a measured sweep first ball ... finds enough of a gap;
46.6;2;Woakes to Maxwell, 2 runs flat-batted pull, almost a tennis smash as Woakes hits the deck. Swept up in the deep to complete the over;
46.5;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run nurdled behind square. Australia picking them off with ease now;
46.4;?;Woakes to Carey, no run full length, wide line, slower ball. A bit of a windy woof of a drive, makes no contact;
46.3;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run whipped to the leg side, back of a length from Woakes. Just the single;
46.2;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run on the pads, flashed through square leg for a raucously received hundred! Superb gutsy innings, and now Australia believe!;
46.1;6;Woakes to Carey, SIX runs on the pads, and smoked over square leg! Carey is onto 99... and this game is cooked!;
45.6;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run another single to complete the over. Australia are walking this all of a sudden. Extraordinary;
45.5;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run hoicked to the leg side, a bit of a biff, but it's effective enough. That six basically won the over...;
45.4;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run rolls the fingers, on a tight leg-stump line, worked to square leg to take Carey into the 90s too ... what a turnaround since that no-ball reprieve!;
45.3;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run poked to cover, anotther single to the cause, and Maxwell off strike to take stock, which is no bad thing either...;
45.2;6;Tom Curran to Maxwell, SIX runs battered high and hard, and Maxwell has his hundred! Brilliant from Maxwell, seizing on the length, getting right underneath it and flogging it high over the sweeper!;
45.1;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, Carey makes room to leg to work a nurdle behind point. Another single...;
44.6;2;Woakes to Maxwell, 2 runs flicked to the on-side, a dab into space at midwicket and Maxwell instantly calls for the second. That's eight off the over with barely a shot in real anger...;
44.5;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run another excellent cutter, tight line, full length, inside-edged to backward square. Another single;
44.4;2;Woakes to Carey, 2 runs a round-house pull, connects well to deep midwicket, Billings sweeps up and his shy is flat and true to the keeper's end, but that's just home with a dive... good awareness from Carey;
44.3;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run slow and wide, this is cunning bowling, taking all the pace off with offcutters, and Maxwell flat-bats to point;
44.2;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run back of a length, slower ball, flashed across the line with a cramped pull to mid-on;
44.1;1lb;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 leg bye thumps the pad on a leg-stump line, Buttler scuttles to limit the damage;
43.6;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run wide again, an uncomfortable dragged pull to midwicket, he's not so hot on that stroke, but the single is ample. Another over of more than a run a ball. The requirement keeps very much in sight;
43.5;4;Tom Curran to Maxwell, FOUR runs width, and Maxwell clobbers it brilliantly! Very full, almost too full to get under, but Maxwell's wrists are something else. Bunted over wide long-on;
43.4;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run very full again, solid stab back to the bowler, all determined full faces of the bat at the moment;
43.3;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run round the wicket, an optimistic appeal as Carey flicks down the leg side, but that's pad through to the keeper. Another dot though...;
43.2;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run rolls the fingers well, just back of a length on off. Maxwell responds with a cautious push back past the bowler. The singles will suffice when the big shot isn't on ...;
43.1;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run hitting the deck hard outside off, and dying off the pitch as Maxwell swings into an air-pull;
42.6;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run pushed back onto the stumps, flicked off the hip to backward square. That's nine off the over, and concerns for Morgan now. Woakes has been reliable, and Curran is a gun at the death. He's got six left ... and here he comes.;
42.5;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run pulled again, rolling the wrists out to deep midwicket;
42.4;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run flashed hard into the covers, pace from Wood, but wide line this time;
42.3;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run full length, and whittled out to deep midwicket;
42.2;1lb;Wood to Maxwell, 1 leg bye tucked up on the back foot, but another single as Carey calls him through with the ball at his feet;
42.1;4;Wood to Maxwell, FOUR runs pinged fine, and Wood's pace means he pays the price! A huge wind-up from Maxwell, who underedges his pull behind square. A big start to the over!;
41.6;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run flashed on the up to the on-side, another single to the cause.;
41.5;2;Archer to Maxwell, 2 runs slower ball, flapped hard out to the long cover boundary, where Bairstow's bullet arm dissuades them from coming back for three;
41.4;1;Archer to Carey, 1 run followed Carey once more, fired into the pads, chipped off a leading edge, but safely over the bowler's head. Just the single...;
41.3;4;Archer to Carey, FOUR runs A change from Archer, banged in short, and Carey rocks back for an uppercut! Brilliant response, so nearly over the rope, just plugs inside... Archer's good work undone there...;
41.2;?;Archer to Carey, no run this is good from Archer, Pinning Carey to the crease with inswinging yorkers. He connected well, but predictably, straight to short cover;
41.1;?;Archer to Carey, no run blockhole ball, much better length, right up to the toes, and Carey can't create any pace on the ball;
41.1;1w;Archer to Carey, 1 wide round the wicket, fired down the leg side as Archer followed Carey's shimmy to the leg side, but overcompensated;
40.6;2;Wood to Maxwell, 2 runs banged in short again, well bowled but well enough played, hauled out to the leg side, with enough pace off the ball to force the sweeper to run in from deep. Five off the over ... Australia are taking this to the wire...;
40.5;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run whoosh! Loose from Maxwell, throwing the bat through the line, and missing it entirely. Length and pace from Wood. But through him too soon;
40.4;1lb;Wood to Carey, 1 leg bye thumps the pad hard on a full length, but outside leg, and deflected into space at short third man;
40.3;?;Wood to Carey, no run fizzed through outside off, Carey is slashing hard on the back foot but can't connect;
40.2;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run banged in short, swatted to the leg side, ducking into the pull;
40.1;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run hopping onto the back foot, tapped to cover, and up comes the 150 stand from 144 balls. Proper job!;
39.6;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run rolls the fingers again, but it's a wide line and Maxwell slashes at it hard... and straight to backward point. A loud groan of annoyance ... a precious dot to close out the over;
39.5;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run cutter, full length, tight line, solid in defence to mid-off;
39.4;1;Archer to Carey, 1 run hits the bat hard on a fuller length, poked to the off side;
39.3;4;Archer to Carey, FOUR runs open-faced flash through third man! Excellent batting, meeting the back-of-a-length delivery with an angled bat, where Rashid can't cut it off!;
39.2;?;Archer to Carey, no run round the wicket, cramped on the legs, can't work the angle off the pads;
39.1;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run clawed out to deep midwicket;
38.6;2;Wood to Carey, 2 runs eased on the front foot to wide long-off. Easily back for two. And Australia continue to head deeper and deeper into their pursuit;
38.5;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run full and straight, better areas from Wood but met with a straight bat from Maxwell, pushed to mid-on;
38.5;1w;Wood to Maxwell, 1 wide another wide, Wood bending his back and going for it, but straight occasionally veers to the leg-side;
38.4;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run hits the bat hard, as a pushed prod flies in the air and just short of mid-off;
38.4;1w;Wood to Maxwell, 1 wide whistling down the leg side, shape on that delivery, but misdirected;
38.3;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run banged in short, a clawed pull to mid-on, and Archer's shy at the keeper's end almost takes out Wood in his followthrough!;
38.2;?;Wood to Carey, no run worked to the on-side, hopping into line;
38.1;?;Wood to Carey, no run good pace and carry from Wood, lifting outside off and through to the keeper;
37.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run Carey ticks into the gap with another sweep. Job done for Australia in that over. Chiselling away at the requirement;
37.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run down on one knee, Maxwell slaps a pull from wide of off stump, forced into a drag from outside his eyeline;
37.4;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs flat and fast, belted through midwicket once more! Too straight, and Maxwell is in his element, kneeling into the stroke to mow it hard;
37.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run good ball, right up to the bat, dipping under a wild slog, and turning past the off stump;
37.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run attempted reverse paddle, misses the wide legbreak as he does so;
37.1;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run down on one knee, and swept again to bring Maxwell back on strike;
36.6;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run fast once more, fired down the leg side, there's a definite noise as it goes by but England agree with the umpire, that's flicked the pad. A dot at least, rather than a wide.;
36.5;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run full and fast, angled across the left-hander and flashed with an open face to third man;
36.4;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run pulled firmly to the leg side;
36.3;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run hustled on the back foot, but stabbed solidly into the gap at midwicket. Singles singles ...;
36.2;1lb;Wood to Maxwell, 1 leg bye thumps the pad on the full length, deflected to the leg side. Another single;
36.1;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run on the back foot, clipped square, another hasty single to the cause;
35.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run another sweep to complete another leaky over from Rashid. I wonder if it's time to call for Jofra... England still have options after all, thanks to Root's early spell;
35.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run a toe-ended slog, wide line, hauled through mid-on. Rashid offering up tempting width;
35.4;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run down on one knee, swept to backward square;
35.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run width and slashed, a fat edge through a wide vacant cordon. Loose but gets away with it;
35.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run;
35.1;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs monstered into the Point! That is absolutely huge! Second tier of the massive great red monolith at wide long-on, and who's going to rescue that? Some bloke has emerged with gloves on to return the vector of disease... Wallop!;
34.6;?;Woakes to Carey, no run another slower ball, stabbed to point off the back foot, that's an excellent over in the circumstances, as Morgan turns to his Mr Reliable to wrest back control. Just two runs there;
34.5;?;Woakes to Carey, no run lovely ball, a cutter, full length, tight line, zipping off the deck and past the outside edge. Beaten;
34.4;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run another measured pull, hopping inside the line of the slower-ball bouncer, and worked behind square;
34.3;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run full-faced defence, right back down the line of the ball. Solid;
34.2;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run attempted pull, underedged off the toe and out into the covers. A scampered single will suffice;
34.1;?;Woakes to Carey, no run poked off the back foot in defence;
33.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run down on one knee, and swept firmly behind square. 12 off the over and the magic isn't happening yet for Rashid. He needs a hand to break this one down ...;
33.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flashed to the leg side;
33.4;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs clattered on the up and over cow corner! Maxwell has bided his time, and this time he gets right underneath a full-blooded launch, down on one knee! Shot!;
33.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run defended on the back foot, Rashid probing a full length;
33.2;3;Rashid to Carey, 3 runs shuffling onto the back foot, fenced firmly through the covers, and that's an excellent double-stop on the rope, a sprawling dive first-up, then a well-judged pick-up;
33.1;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run a flappy slog-sweep, and that's plugged in no-man's land! No contact of any note, and just as well, plops safely to bring up a run-a-ball hundred stand;
32.6;?;Woakes to Carey, no run good finish to the over, full length again, attacking off stump, defiantly blocked on the back foot. Just the four from the over to restore some control. England rather need a wicket;
32.5;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run flicked behind square as Woakes hits the deck just back of a length, angled into the body;
32.4;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run tight line, solid defence on the back foot. Very full length tailing into the pads and blocked, a hint of reverse maybe?;
32.3;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run shaping into the legs, tucked into the gap at midwicket. Singles suddenly on offer everywhere;
32.2;1;Woakes to Maxwell, 1 run pushed firmly back down the ground;
32.1;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run back of a length, nudged to the leg side, another single to the cause;
31.6;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run Maxwell tries an immense reverse sweep, making a mess of it and collapsing to the floor. England appeal, and upon being denied, review. It strikes him on the arm, but may have taken the glove band on the way. Umpire thinks so, and gives it not out;
31.5;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run drove in the up but got a thick inside edge;
31.4;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs darts this one through, and sloppiness kicking in for England. Australia scamper a single, and no back-up from the through allows them another one;
31.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run angled to deep cover-point;
31.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run goes for an almighty heave over extra cover but misses completely. Buttler fails to gather, but Maxwell had his foot inside;
31.1;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run eased to midwicket and Bairstow keeps it to a single;
30.6;?;Woakes to Maxwell, no run poking away at that nearly brought the outside edge;
30.5;1;Woakes to Carey, 1 run clipped down to mid-on, and Archer, cutting it off, slips and lands flat on his backside. They should have come back for two, while Archer looks down in a bit of embarrassment;
30.4;?;Woakes to Carey, no run driven to mid-off;
30.3;?;Woakes to Carey, no run defended to the onside;
30.2;4;Woakes to Carey, FOUR runs chipped the slower ball into the vacant region over midwicket, and that brings up his fifth ODI half-century. He needs to do a lot more to keep his side in this;
30.1;?;Woakes to Carey, no run angling across from over the wicket. Punched down to mid-off;
29.6;1lb;Wood to Carey, 1 leg bye cramped him again. Squeezed down to third man as Carey keeps the strike;
29.5;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run rocks back and slogs this to cow corner. Doesn't get the timing right and only fetches him the single;
29.4;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run tucks this into the onside and they exchange ends;
29.3;?;Wood to Carey, no run starved him of room and Carey tries to chop it down to third man, almost chops it onto the stumps;
29.2;4;Wood to Carey, FOUR runs opens the face and guides it down to third man. That's bowled at over 85mph and it's so fine third man has absolutely no chance;
29.1;?;Wood to Carey, no run pushes him onto the back foot. Good pace and carry;
28.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run helped down to midwicket. 5 off that second Rashid over;
28.5;2;Rashid to Carey, 2 runs another googly, this is crunched to sweeper cover and they come back for a couple;
28.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run watched it carefully and prodded it into the offside;
28.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run slightly short, and Maxwell is incensed he didn't punish it;
28.2;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run beaten all ends up by an outstanding googly, popped up in the air on the offside as he tried to smear it through midwicket;
28.1;?;Rashid to Carey, no run driven to short extra cover;
27.6;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run dragged down legside, England appealed to no avail. But it's not given wide, so that's what they might have wanted after all;
27.5;6;Tom Curran to Maxwell, SIX runs doesn't matter this is a long boundary, that's clobbered to the long onside boundary. Got into position and found it was right in the slot, and picked it up and sent it the way of the car park!;
27.4;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run rolled his fingers over that, it's helped down to third man;
27.3;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run knocked away to backward point, but no run to be had. Another solid start to the over from Curran;
27.2;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run fuller this time, driven straight back to him;
27.1;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run good length at pace, poked into the onside;
26.6;1;Rashid to Carey, 1 run guided through the offside. Nine off that over, but could have been so, so different;
26.5;6;Rashid to Carey, SIX runs slog sweep to the short boundary, and that goes for six - just!. Root was stationed underneath and it looked like it was going straight down his throat. But the breeze is blowing in that direction, and Carey gets away with it;
26.4;?;Rashid to Carey, no run starts off with a googly that is left alone;
26.3;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run runs it down to deep sweeper cover. Now, Rashid to Carey;
26.2;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run once more, gets into that awkward position and ends up defending;
26.1;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run nearly squared him up. Was drifting in and Maxwell, realising he had moved too far across, defends;
25.6;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run takes on the arm of Jason Roy at backward point. Needed a direct hit but they run through for one;
25.5;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run that struck him in front, and might even have got an inside edge, so they appeal excitedly. Umpire doesn't think so, and Morgan opts against reviewing. Height might have been an issue;
25.4;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run gets a leading edge, but drops harmlessly on the offside;
25.3;4;Tom Curran to Maxwell, FOUR runs very similar delivery but this time Maxwell decides to chop it away through the gap between backward point and short third to send it racing away for four;
25.3;1w;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 wide wide yorker that's a touch too wide;
25.2;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs scythed down to third man, where Bairstow. sharp as he is, can't prevent them coming back for a couple;
25.1;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run slower ball, dropped dead and they scamper through for a single;
24.6;1;Root to Carey, 1 run darted through and flicked past short third. Eight from that over, and Australia managing to build something resembling a partnership, finally;
24.5;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run run down to long-on;
24.4;?;Root to Maxwell, no run steps back but can only defend to mid-on;
24.3;6;Root to Maxwell, SIX runs he won't rush through them now Maxwell's slapped him over his head for a colossal six. That was right in the slot, and Maxwell couldn't have asked for a better ball to clobber away;
24.2;?;Root to Maxwell, no run another little dab to the onside. Root rushes through his overs so quickly;
24.1;?;Root to Maxwell, no run well flighted, pushes him back. A bit of bounce and turn;
23.6;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run crisp drive to mid-off, no run;
23.5;4;Tom Curran to Carey, FOUR runs back at the cricket, though, we've got Curran tonked away for four over extra cover. Made room and lofted it above the infield, and a diving Morgan on the boundary can't cut it off;
23.4;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run slower once more, runs it down to short third man, but doesn't quite beat the fielder;
23.3;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run skips across the line to lap him to fine leg. The first run he's conceded in nine balls;
23.2;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run clever slower ball, Carey can only nudge it to short extra;
23.1;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run wicket-to-wicket line from close to the crease, targeting off stump. No nonsense, basic bowling that's squeezing the runs;
22.6;?;Root to Maxwell, no run Spun back in and struck him on the pad. Eight off that over;
22.5;1;Root to Carey, 1 run prodded to deep cover;
22.4;4;Root to Carey, FOUR runs as I say that, he punishes a long hop by clattering this through the onside. Races away for four. It was a rare poor delivery from the offspinner;
22.3;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run pushed into the offside. Australia content to take the singles off Root;
22.2;1;Root to Carey, 1 run dropped the ball slightly short of a length and quicker, cut away for one;
22.1;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run opens the face and slices it away to sweeper cover;
21.6;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run maiden over. He thought about a quick single, but the fielders swirled and he decided otherwise;
21.5;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run driven firmly to the offside. Stellar start, this, from Curran;
21.4;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run took the pace off, clipped to short midwicket on the bounce;
21.3;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run defended to the offside;
21.2;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run length ball, poked away to backward point;
21.1;?;Tom Curran to Carey, no run keeps low and hits the bottom of the bat;
20.6;1;Root to Carey, 1 run clipped to mid-on, and Australia scuttle through for one. Archer tries the direct hit, but misses comfortably. Not a fun five minutes or so for him;
20.5;?;Root to Carey, no run whizzes this through wide outside off, Carey watches it go;
20.4;2;Root to Carey, 2 runs slightly wide of off, kept low and spun, but he squeezes it through the cover region and they come back for a couple;
20.3;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run opens the face and carves it through the offside;
20.2;1;Root to Carey, 1 run eased to archer at mid-on;
20.1;?;Root to Carey, no run nudged into the offside;
19.6;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run back of a length, and Maxwell defends this one. Another costly over for England, in more ways than one;
19.5;4;Archer to Maxwell, FOUR runs top edge off a short ball and that flies over the keeper's head for four. You can see the anger radiating from Archer's face at the moment;
19.4;3;Archer to Carey, 3 runs nails it in front of square leg. Set up for the slog and cleared his front leg to hammer it into the onside;
19.4;1nb;Archer to Carey, (no ball) he holes out this time! Soft, soft dismissal. Oh, wait, that's a big, big no-ball. Carey survives! He had chipped that straight to third man where Adil Rashid took an easy catch, but Australia have a reprieve;
19.3;?;Archer to Carey, no run nasty bouncer from around the wicket. Carey didn't know much about that, and it hit the handle of the bat;
19.2;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run clobbered away to cow corner, but Morgan has another man in place there now. Good captaincy;
19.1;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run pace off and that kept low. Went underneath the bat and nearly took off stump with it;
18.6;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run eased away for one, and Maxwell keeps the strike for the Archer over;
18.5;?;Root to Maxwell, no run darted though and defended;
18.4;?;Root to Maxwell, no run brings it back into the right hander dangerously again, defended to the onside;
18.3;1;Root to Carey, 1 run that went on with the arm, tucked into the onside;
18.2;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run;
18.1;?;Root to Maxwell, no run gets very sharp turn once more. Maxwell completely lost his shape on that one as it threatened to squeeze past his bat;
17.6;?;Archer to Carey, no run short of a length, defended. 9 off that over thanks to Maxwell's pugnacity;
17.5;1;Archer to Maxwell, 1 run change of pace, cut away through the offside;
17.4;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run comes back with a well-directed bouncer. Maxwell does well to get his nostrils out of the way;
17.3;2;Archer to Maxwell, 2 runs worked away down to deep point and they comfortably come back for two. Good start to the over for Australia;
17.2;6;Archer to Maxwell, SIX runs picked up and disdainfully dispatched over cow corner. Maxwell isn't hanging around. Targets the short boundary and clears it comfortably;
17.1;?;Archer to Maxwell, no run slower ball to start off, just 75 mph. When I bowl 75, though, my shoulder's sore for days;
16.6;1;Root to Maxwell, 1 run pushed into the offside;
16.5;W;Root to Carey, OUT dropped into the offside and another quick single, and this time it's a run-out! The keeper collects cleanly and removes the bails, and moments after getting a warning, Labuschagne has to go!;Marnus Labuschagne run out (Billings/?Buttler) 20 (57m 31b 1x4 0x6) SR: 64.51;
16.4;?;Root to Carey, no run sliced to backward point;
16.3;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run quick single, a direct hit might have sent him back! Had to get a full length dive in, and he still wasn't making it if the stumps had been hit;
16.2;4;Root to Labuschagne, FOUR runs squeezes this one through the cover region, and it races away. Slightly overpitched and Labuschagne leans into it and finds the gap;
16.1;1;Root to Carey, 1 run slightly short, angled down to sweeper cover;
15.6;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run good pace and bounce. Defended back to the bowler;
15.5;2;Wood to Labuschagne, 2 runs wide of off stump, very lucky he didn't chop it on. Runs down to fine leg;
15.4;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run targeting the stumps. Driven down to long-on;
15.3;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run comes round the wicket, tucked down to fine leg;
15.2;1;Wood to Labuschagne, 1 run pumped down to square leg off the back foot;
15.1;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run Gets an inside edge and it bounces up into the air. He ensures it doesn't drop onto the stumps by deflecting it away with the bat. I wish that wasn't allowed, personally. One of my pet peeves;
14.6;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run nurdled around the corner, flicking with the spin from outside off;
14.5;1;Root to Carey, 1 run up on the toes, blocked on the back foot, back to the bowler;
14.4;4;Root to Carey, FOUR runs round the wicket now, and that's a fine stroke, down on one knee for the sweep, and hauling the wide-of-off line through square leg with powerful timing;
14.3;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run stretching forward, and worked off the toes to the on side;
14.2;?;Root to Labuschagne, no run fizzed through on a tight line outside off;
14.1;?;Root to Labuschagne, no run nurdled to the leg side;
13.6;?;Wood to Carey, no run full length, and pushed down the ground to mid-on. Excellent from Wood, rising to the opportunity to crank up the heat, and Australia are going nowhere fast;
13.5;?;Wood to Carey, no run round the wicket, attacking the left-hander's stumps on the angle, and flinched from deep in the crease to mid-on;
13.4;?;Wood to Carey, no run Wood bends his back, and sizzles a skiddy bouncer through at 95mph. Carey limboes, as well he might!;
13.3;?;Wood to Carey, no run leaning onto the front foot, and driven back down the pitch;
13.2;?;Wood to Carey, no run crashes into the pad on the full, but outside leg stump;
13.1;?;Wood to Carey, no run outside off, pinged through at 92mph, back of a length, poked out to point;
12.6;1;Root to Carey, 1 run pre-meditated reverse sweep, tapping the ball with the turn to backward point. Golden-arm sees off another over;
12.5;?;Root to Carey, no run fired in flat from round the wicket, and slids on towards a very deep-set back pad. Just about digs it out!;
12.4;W;Root to Marsh, OUT flicked across the line, is there an inside-edge on that? You bet there is! A fat deflection, onto the knee-roll, a simple lob to Buttler as he jogs round from behind the stumps. And suddenly Australia's challenge is in free-fall!;Mitchell Marsh c ?Buttler b Root 2 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
12.3;?;Root to Marsh, no run looped onto a good length, pressed back to the bowler;
12.2;2;Root to Marsh, 2 runs down on one knee, flicked high over the shoulder, bobbles away behind square;
12.1;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run on the back foot, and tucked to the leg side;
11.6;?;Wood to Marsh, no run back of a length, rising into a compact hopping block. Wheels;
11.5;?;Wood to Marsh, no run huge appeal, sliding into the right-hander, but perhaps doing too much. That was up to 93mph, as Wood's handbrake starts to slip ...;
11.4;?;Wood to Marsh, no run right up to the blockhole, solid connection on the drive, but no timing as mid-on swoops round. I think he's broken the toe of his bat with that one...;
11.3;?;Wood to Marsh, no run blocked on the back foot, rising into the splice. Good wheels from Wood, who has licence to cut loose now as Australia concentrate on regrouping;
11.2;1;Wood to Labuschagne, 1 run whippy into the leg side, solid connection from outside off, but can't beat the ring;
11.1;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run trapped on the crease with a full length, leaping into the thigh pad, good shape into the right-hander;
10.6;?;Root to Marsh, no run leaning onto the front foot to block back to the bowler;
10.5;W;Root to Warner, OUT bowled him! Wow, Warner has been opened up like a can of peaches! Big spin as Warner retreated to leg to make room, but was utterly undone from a middle-and-leg line. Gripping, ripping, clipping the top of off. Wow! Who needs Archer as your nemesis, when Joe Root is on the scene!;David Warner b Root 24 (51m 32b 3x4 0x6) SR: 75;
10.4;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run tucked off the pads to the leg side;
10.3;1;Root to Warner, 1 run dipping into the toes on a fuller length, Warner responds with a prod behind square;
10.3;1w;Root to Warner, 1 wide sliding down the leg side as Warner heave-hos into a wild slog with the line. It's a jolly small boundary out there...;
10.2;?;Root to Warner, no run round the wicket, a fraction short, Warner clambers into a pull, almost kneeling at the point of impact;
10.1;1;Root to Labuschagne, 1 run decent turn from just outside off, clipped calmly to the leg side;
9.6;?;Wood to Warner, no run great follow-up! Beaten all ends up outside off, zipping through to the keeper. Pace is pace innit ... (as they say in Hackney);
9.5;4;Wood to Warner, FOUR runs pinged with intent through midwicket! Wood sits up, and Warner is waiting for him! Timed sweetly as well. That's the danger of speed on this surface;
9.4;1;Wood to Labuschagne, 1 run outside off, dabbed to third man, probing away in the channel;
9.3;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run attempted leave outside off, thumps the under-side of the bat, and down into the crease;
9.2;2;Wood to Labuschagne, 2 runs on the up, punched into the covers, they thought the third was on ... but decided against it.;
9.1;?;Wood to Labuschagne, no run length delivery, shaping into the legs, and nurdled square;
8.6;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run flicked on the up to the leg side;
8.5;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run another cutter, slo-moing into the pads and clipped into the gap;
8.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run firm in defence, as Woakes rolls the fingers on the cutter, perfect probing full length;
8.3;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run flipped off the pads, into the gap at deep square leg;
8.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run dead-batted block, soft hands as he waits for the length ball to come onto the bat;
8.1;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run flashed down to third man, a touch of width to help with the angle;
7.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run through to the keeper, skidding through very low, left alone;
7.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run lifting on an off-stump line, played very late with soft hands, steered out to the gully as he probes the angles behind square;
7.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run drawn forward on the front foot;
7.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run head right over the ball, and pressed into the off side;
7.2;1;Archer to Warner, 1 run flicked around the corner for a quick single;
7.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run back of a length, tucked off the hip as Archer hits the deck hard on a middle-and-leg line;
6.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length ball outside off,he leaves it alone;
6.5;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run good line, he jabs away towards square leg;
6.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run on a length on middle and off, he works towards cover;
6.3;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter ball, worked off his pads to the leg side;
6.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run;
6.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run;
5.6;?;Archer to Warner, no run;
5.5;?;Archer to Warner, no run;
5.4;2;Archer to Warner, 2 runs;
5.3;?;Archer to Warner, no run;
5.2;?;Archer to Warner, no run;
5.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run;
4.6;W;Woakes to Stoinis, OUT slower ball from Woakes, Stoinis didn't pick it and tries to flick to the leg side, gets an edge to Morgan at short mid-wicket;Marcus Stoinis c Morgan b Woakes 4 (11m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
4.5;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run;
4.4;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run blocked on the back foot;
4.3;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run;
4.2;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run hitting the pitch hard outside off, and blocked to the off side;
4.1;4;Woakes to Stoinis, FOUR runs panned on the up, and straight through Archer at mid-off! He barely had time to see that, let alone catch it!;
3.6;?;Archer to Warner, no run outside off, left alone;
3.5;?;Archer to Warner, no run very full length, hint of shape away from the bat. Blocked to the off side;
3.4;2;Archer to Warner, 2 runs thumped into the covers once more. It's a duel out there, and though he's clearly not settled, Warner does at least have some momentum to his innings;
3.3;?;Archer to Warner, no run Archer drags his length back, and Warner is in all sorts of bother on the not-quite-cut. That was 92mph, and he struggled to get over the stroke;
3.2;4;Archer to Warner, FOUR runs leaning onto the drive, and pumped through the covers! Sweet timing, and even better placement;
3.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run sharper areas from Archer to his bunny Warner. Hitting the pitch hard outside off, "Wait on, no!" is the cry as he stabs to cover;
2.6;?;Woakes to Stoinis, no run plopped onto a perfect full length, attacking the top of off, and blocked with a full face;
2.5;W;Woakes to Finch, OUT massive appeal, bang in front! Gone! Finch doesn't blink as he turns on his heel, shaping in, thumping a pad that was positively Watto-esque in girth. That was smashing the lot, and England have their breakthrough!;Aaron Finch lbw b Woakes 12 (14m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
2.4;?;Woakes to Finch, no run half an appeal as Woakes thumps the pad, but that's sliding down;
2.3;?;Woakes to Finch, no run beauty! Excellent length, hint of nip off the seam, Finch is trapped flat-footed on the crease as the ball rears past his splice;
2.2;3;Woakes to Warner, 3 runs a thick outside edge, they all count, into acres of space at deep point;
2.1;?;Woakes to Warner, no run very full, outside off, drilled back to the bowler, who stops well in his followthrough and sends Warner sprawling for his crease with a feigned shy;

Bill Lee: "Andrew, why doesn't an all-run four count as a boundary?" Because, quite literally, it didn't cross the boundary! Cricket likes to be pedantic
 Innings Start
England
Australia
3rd ODI (D/N), Manchester, Sep 16 2020, Australia tour of England
302/7
305/7
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 3 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
