Data
5.32pm Sri Lanka must be distraught with their efoorts here. De Silva and Gunathilaka didn't give Starc a wicket in the opening spell and started picking boundaries too in their half-century stand but once Faulkner broke the stand, wickets kept tumbling and lack of partnerships led to their downfall. No batsman reached the forties as all bowlers except Zampa kept the scoring rate under check, picked wickets (which Zampa did too) and SL never recovered to last only 40.2 overs. All set for Australia to make it 4-1 now, we'll be back in 40 minutes with the chase
Qaaid: "After finally getting a good opening stand, this is a pathetic effort, with the exception of Pathirana who at least played valiantly under pressure"
elvin: "Another mediocre batting performance batting 1st. Honestly, stop always batting first it makes for boring cricket. And it shows in the ODI series. 4-1 coming up. "
40.2;W;Boland to Pathirana, OUT can't clear mid-off and SL are bowled out for 195! Pitched up, he lofts the ball on the off side but doesn't get enough and Faulkner takes a couple of steps back to catch that easily;Sachith Pathirana c Faulkner b Boland 32 (49m 38b 4x4 0x6) SR: 84.21;
40.1;?;Boland to Pathirana, no run length delivery to target the stumps, he defends with a straight bat;
39.6;1;Starc to Pathirana, 1 run drives the ball away from the body, thick edge it to third man and he keeps strike;
39.5;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run stays back and defends the quick ball from middle and leg to the leg side;
39.4;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run in the block hole now outside off, he steers it to third man but they don't run;
39.4;5nb;Starc to Pathirana, (no ball) FOUR runs is the ball wet? That was a swinging beamer towards the chest around off stump, and Pathirana adjusts very well to go down a bit and guide that fine on the off side for four. That's a no ball;
39.3;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run in the block hole on middle stump now, he digs it out to the leg side;
39.2;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run delivers a full toss while attempting a yorker, he drives it to deep point again;
39.1;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run gets a full delivery outside off and drives on the up to deep point. He says no for the single to get those extra runs;
38.6;?;Boland to Aponso, no run right towards off and middle stump, Aponso stays back and defends with a straight bat;
38.5;1;Boland to Pathirana, 1 run a bit of room now, not much, and he helps it to third man;
38.4;4;Boland to Pathirana, FOUR runs that's a Sanga-style drive over the covers - get some width and unleash an elegant swing by going down on a knee. Khawaja chased and put in a dive but the ball beat him;
38.3;?;Boland to Pathirana, no run gives some room on the off side with the angle, Pathirana cuts it late but the point fielder goes to his right to stop it;
38.2;?;Boland to Pathirana, no run bangs it in shorter around off now, he stays back to defend it;
38.1;?;Boland to Pathirana, no run offers some width outside off, Pathirana swings big outside off and finds short cover;
37.6;?;Starc to Aponso, no run Aponso gets a quick delivery too towards the off stump, just back of length and not a yorker, he covers his stumps and defends a solidly to draw a cheer from the crowd;
37.5;W;Starc to Lakmal, OUT that's a yorker at 147kmh and whams into the middle stump! The angle, the speed, the length...all come together to push Lakmal on the back foot, he tries to block the ball but it beats him completely to disturb the bottom of middle stump;Suranga Lakmal b Starc 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
37.4;W;Starc to Perera, OUT the angle does it again, off stump knocked over! That one zipped through the defence as Dilruwan looked to defend it in front of off, the ball nipped in sharply from outside off and beat the outside edge to hit the stump;Dilruwan Perera b Starc 5 (15m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
37.3;1;Starc to Pathirana, 1 run angling into the batsman again, he works it off the hips towards long leg;
37.3;1w;Starc to Pathirana, 1 wide this one has gone a bit too far down the leg side for a wide and they run one too;
37.2;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run Starc brings this one into the batsman, Pathirana works it towards leg now;
37.1;?;Starc to Pathirana, no run back of length on off stump, he defends it towards the covers;
36.6;?;Zampa to Perera, no run flight and drift towards the batsman's toes, he blocks it back;
36.5;1;Zampa to Pathirana, 1 run lots of flight outside leg, he sweeps it away behind square for one;
36.4;?;Zampa to Pathirana, no run straighter one on off stump, he works it to midwicket;
36.3;?;Zampa to Pathirana, no run goes back as Zampa pitches it shorter, he tucks it off the pads for two more;
36.2;4;Zampa to Pathirana, FOUR runs middles it this time for four more! Danced down the track and smacked the full toss straight down the ground;
36.1;4;Zampa to Pathirana, FOUR runs just clears mid-off! He came down the ground and didn't middle the full toss at all, chipping it just over Starc running backwards. Starc even put in a slide near the boundary to keep the ball in but the third umpire wants to be sure. Looks like he was in contact with the ball and rope at the same time, according to the third umpire;
35.6;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run right towards the off stump now, Dilruwan blocks with a straight bat;
35.5;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run angles it in slightly from outside off, he pokes and misses;
35.4;1;Faulkner to Pathirana, 1 run shorter and wider outside off, he cuts off the back foot to deep point;
35.3;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run well outside off now and it's driven through the covers for one;
35.2;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run brings it in with the angle, Dilruwan defends by covering the stumps;
35.2;1w;Faulkner to Perera, 1 wide short ball at 134kmh outside off, it's too short and he lets it go for a wide;
35.1;1;Faulkner to Pathirana, 1 run leans across to off and flicks the ball to leg with his wrists;
34.6;4;Zampa to Perera, FOUR runs really short ball on the stumps, it's quick too but Dilruwan rocks back on the back foot, opens up and slams it through the midwicket region to collect four on first ball;
34.5;W;Zampa to Shanaka, OUT that's the straighter one and Shanaka is bowled! The batsman made a tiny bit of room, playing for the turn as the ball pitched on off, he stayed back to cut it but missed as the ball zipped through to hit off;Dasun Shanaka b Zampa 13 (38m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 76.47;
34.4;1;Zampa to Pathirana, 1 run slightly flat on leg, he sweeps with the turn to deep backward square leg;
34.3;1;Zampa to Shanaka, 1 run lots of flight, some drift and dip as Shanaka comes down and drives it down to long-off;
34.3;1w;Zampa to Shanaka, 1 wide flatter one down the leg side for a wide now;
34.2;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run shorter and flatter on off with some turn, he punches it to cover;
34.1;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run nicely flighted on middle stump, he blocks it back;
33.6;2;Faulkner to Pathirana, 2 runs drives this one away from the body outside off, it falls short of point and goes wide of him;
33.5;2;Faulkner to Pathirana, 2 runs he has to scramble back for the second he guides the ball from outside off to third man. He ran the first one with the intent of taking two and just made it back;
33.4;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run back of length outside off now, no movement and he lets it go;
33.3;1;Faulkner to Shanaka, 1 run coming into the right-hander again, he tucks it to leg this time;
33.2;1;Faulkner to Pathirana, 1 run just wide of wide slip! That ball squared Pathirana up a bit as he looked to defend, got an outside edge and flew towards the slip where Warner went to his right but the ball fell just short of him;
33.1;1;Faulkner to Shanaka, 1 run coming in from outside off, Shanaka chops it on the off side;
32.6;2;Head to Pathirana, 2 runs good batting. Quick through the air, short, wide. Pathirana gets low and just taps his late cut towards third man for a couple;
32.5;2;Head to Pathirana, 2 runs shortish and wide, too wide. Slapped to deep cover for a couple.;
32.4;?;Head to Pathirana, no run better, but too straight. Worked to fine leg, good captaincy not to allow easy singles;
32.3;?;Head to Pathirana, no run nah, poor delivery. Short and wide, keeps a bit low. Chopped towards point;
32.2;1;Head to Shanaka, 1 run flatter, worked to deep backward square leg;
32.1;4;Head to Shanaka, FOUR runs steps out and slog sweeps a tossed up delivery to the deep midwicket boundary. Loud yelps of "caaatch" but wide of Khawaja at deep midwicket. Not great timing either but enough to make the boundary;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run another slower ball on off, getting lots of rip from his cutters. Blocked into the off side;
31.5;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-on;
31.4;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run oh beauty. Slower ball outside off, the ball moves away late and beats Pathirana's defensive push;
31.3;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run 133 kph, good length outside off. Keeping really tight channels outside off. Blocked towards point;
31.2;?;Faulkner to Pathirana, no run good length outside off, 140 kph. Pathirana wafts and is beaten;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Shanaka, 1 run good length on off, thick inside edge towards midwicket;
30.6;W;Head to Perera, OUT Kusal reviews immediately, umpire Palliyaguruge gives him. Looked like an inside edge. Only decision for the umpire to make is if there is some bat. Seems like there is some bat. Flat on middle, this one doesn't spin. Kusal comes forward but the ball strikes the pad via the bat, right in front of off. Yes, big edge. This should be overturned. All reds on ball-tracking. Wait, this is not overturned. Kusal shakes his head as he walks off. Baffling call, big deviation as the ball struck the pad. Third umpire Michael Gough thought otherwise, may have thought there isn't enough evidence to overturn the decision but there sure was to my eyes. There is no RTS in this series or hotspot.;Kusal Perera lbw b Head 14 (31m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 51.85;
30.5;?;Head to Perera, no run lovely bowling, slow through the air on middle. The ball pitched, draws Kusal forward but moves away late to beat the bat;
30.4;?;Head to Perera, no run flight on off, blocked;
30.3;4;Head to Perera, FOUR runs a poor ball, short and wide, too much width. Kusal goes back and outside-edges this to the third man boundary. made use of the pace;
30.2;?;Head to Perera, no run a bit of flight outside off, Kusal squirts this out to the cover fielder;
30.1;?;Head to Perera, no run flight on off, Kusal comes down and drives back to the bowler;
29.6;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run straight again, maybe a tad too straight. 145 kph, clipped towards midwicket for one;
29.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and straight. 149 kph again. Blocked under his eyes.;
29.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run 141 kph, bouncer on middle and leg. Kusal gets underneath that;
29.3;1;Starc to Shanaka, 1 run edged. 149 kph. Full and wide outside off, draws a drive from Shanaka, a thick outside edge just wide of Warner at wide slip;
29.2;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run good length outside off, played into the off side by Shanaka. Starc's pace getting quicker;
29.1;1lb;Starc to Perera, 1 leg bye drifts down leg, off Kusal's pad for a leg bye to fine leg;
28.6;?;Head to Shanaka, no run slow through the air outside off, played into the leg side with the spin;
28.5;2;Head to Shanaka, 2 runs 89 kph, too wide outside off to play that stroke. Continues to play the sweep, drags it to midwicket for a couple;
28.4;1;Head to Perera, 1 run shortish and a touch wide outside off, scythed to point for a single;
28.3;1;Head to Shanaka, 1 run loads of air outside off, ends up overpitched. Driven to long-on;
28.2;?;Head to Shanaka, no run lots of flight outside off, worked away to midwicket;
28.1;?;Head to Shanaka, no run full and straight again, worked to midwicket;
27.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run 144 kph, over pitched outside off. Kusal leans forward and times his drive to cover, who makes a good diving save;
27.6;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide too straight, drifts down leg for a free run;
27.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run yorker on off, kept out;
27.4;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs edged, wide of slip. Finch at wide slip got a hand on it, but the ball scurried away. Full and wide from Starc, Kusal goes after it, gets a thick outside edge which carries low to Finch to his right. Just about carried, Finch is going off the field.;
27.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run good change in length again, short delivery outside off. Kusal leaves by swaying out of the line;
27.2;?;Starc to Perera, no run ooh, late swing. Full and straight, the ball deviates back in sharply. Jammed out by Kusal;
27.1;?;Starc to Perera, no run good length outside off, Kusal leaves this time;
26.6;?;Head to Shanaka, no run quicker outside off, Shanaka shuffles right across but works to midwicket. Plumb in front if not bat;
26.5;W;Head to Upul Tharanga, OUT beautifully bowled. Lots of loop and flight outside off, Tharanga drives early and away from his body, the ball stops in the surface and spins a touch. Tharanga lobs an easy catch to point off the outside half of his bat. Poor shot, but induced by some clever change in pace;Upul Tharanga c Zampa b Head 15 (43m 25b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
26.4;?;Head to Upul Tharanga, no run shortish and wide, slashed but straight to point;
26.3;1;Head to Perera, 1 run driven away with the spin to long-off;
26.2;?;Head to Perera, no run nice loop and flight on off, solidly blocked;
26.1;1;Head to Upul Tharanga, 1 run hit to long-off;
25.6;?;Hastings to Perera, no run lovely end. Lovely over. Full and straight from around the wicket, no room. Blocked;
25.5;?;Hastings to Perera, no run quite full outside off, Perera has a loose drive at that and squirts it to mid-on;
25.4;1;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, 1 run good length outside off, 128 kph. Tharanga slashes a cut to third man for a run;
25.3;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run good length outside off, a thick inside edge to fine leg for one;
25.2;1;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, 1 run back of a length on off, carved out towards point. Opened the face late there to find the gap. Nice stuff;
25.1;?;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, no run nice. Bouncer on off, Tharanga bails out of the stroke, sways out of the line nicely . Good change in length;
24.6;2;Head to Perera, 2 runs much slower through the air, draws KP forward who gets a thick outside edge towards third man for a brace;
24.5;?;Head to Perera, no run runs to the pitch but hurriedly pushes to midwicket;
24.4;?;Head to Perera, no run another one, very full, very quick on middle. Played away;
24.3;?;Head to Perera, no run quicker through the air on leg, yorker. Jammed out;
24.2;1;Head to Upul Tharanga, 1 run overpitched, too much flight. Drilled to long-off;
24.1;?;Head to Upul Tharanga, no run tossed up on off, pushed to cover;
23.6;?;Hastings to Perera, no run full outside off, Kusal is early through his drive, walking into the shot but skews to midwicket;
23.5;W;Hastings to Mendis, OUT edged and gone! Mendis fishes at an inviting length and feathers one through. A soft dismissal after looking so good through his innings. Hastings jumps wide of the crease and bowls one on a good length outside off, Mendis' feet are rooted in the crease but he still wafts at that, gets a thin edge which is gleefully accepted by Wade;Kusal Mendis c ?Wade b Hastings 33 (44m 36b 5x4 1x6) SR: 91.66;
23.4;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run good length on off, glided off the angled bat to point;
23.3;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run good length on off, blocked towards point, the throw is direct at the non-strikers end. A ricochet yields nothing;
23.2;1;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, 1 run a tad too wide this time and Tharanga smashes his drive to deep cover;
23.1;?;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, no run tight channels. No room, not too straight. As a result, Tharanga can do nothing but block;
22.6;?;Boland to Mendis, no run really good timing again. Overpitched outside off, Mendis strides forward and drives to mid-off.;
22.5;?;Boland to Mendis, no run may have skidded on. Good length on off, chopped towards backward point who is quick on it;
22.4;1;Boland to Upul Tharanga, 1 run superb shot. Back of a length outside off, wide. Scythed to point, who makes a good save;
22.3;1;Boland to Mendis, 1 run 130 kph, good length on middle and leg, worked to fine leg;
22.2;?;Boland to Mendis, no run 130 kph, good length outside off, the ball holds its line, Mendis plays inside it. And is beaten;
22.1;?;Boland to Mendis, no run ouch! A good length delivery on off, Mendis inside-edges his block into his toe;
21.6;1;Hastings to Mendis, 1 run back of a length on off, shovelled to midwicket. Use of that bottom hand. Superb batting;
21.5;4;Hastings to Mendis, FOUR runs smashes it over mid-off. What a shot that is. A tad too full outside off, Mendis opens up the bat face and drills the drive over long-off. The length was there to play that shot.;
21.4;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run back of a length on middle, worked away to midwicket. Hitting a hard length is Hastings;
21.3;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run 118 kph, slower delivery on off, Mendis comes down but blocks;
21.2;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run 129 kph, legcutter outside off. Mendis opens his bat face and guides to point. Another unnecessary throw in an attempt to soften the ball;
21.1;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run full and straight, goes wide of the crease. Mendis blocks to mid-off;
20.6;?;Boland to Upul Tharanga, no run overpitched on off at 131 kph, bunted down to mid-off. Tidy over for both sides;
20.5;?;Boland to Upul Tharanga, no run full outside off, tries to shape it away. Tharanga pushes to cover with his feet rooted in the crease;
20.4;1;Boland to Mendis, 1 run 139 kph, just outside off, keeping it in a nice channel, pushed out towards cover;
20.3;?;Boland to Mendis, no run 133 kph, full and straight. Nicely blocked;
20.2;4;Boland to Mendis, FOUR runs edged for four. Good length on a fifth-stump line, Mendis tries to open the face and find one to third man but the ball takes his outside edge and runs away;
20.1;?;Boland to Mendis, no run good length delivery outside off, craved out to point, who fires a completely unnecessary throw at the non-strikers end. Maybe an attempt to scuff up the ball;
19.6;?;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, no run back of a length delivery on off, Tharanga goes back, arches his back and tries to get one down to third man but is cramped for room and ends up gloving to point;
19.5;?;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, no run good length on off, nice channels, cramping Tharaga for any room. Solidly behind the line;
19.4;2;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs good length but too straight, worked easily in the gap at backward square leg for a brace;
19.3;1;Hastings to Mendis, 1 run gets one this time. Fullish on off, pushed towards cover for one. Opened the face of the bat very late to find the gap;
19.2;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run jumps wider of the crease, bowls it straight on a good length. Mendis tries to open the face to get one to third man but the ball is too close to him, guides to point;
19.1;1;Hastings to Upul Tharanga, 1 run good length delivery outside off, Tharanga opens the face of his bat and finds one to third man;
18.6;?;Zampa to Mendis, no run flight on middle, nice loop but Mendis is satisfied with what he's got in the over, blocks;
18.5;4;Zampa to Mendis, FOUR runs swept for four more. Mendis is on fire. This was not a bad delivery at all. Flight on off, Mendis gets low and times his sweep, purposefully got it over midwicket too.;
18.4;1;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, 1 run overpitched this time, easily pushed to long-on for one. Brings up Sri Lanka's 100;
18.3;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run another rank long-hop on off, Mendis rocks back and puts it away to deep midwicket.;
18.2;6;Zampa to Mendis, SIX runs yikes, tripe. Mendis doesn't care. A filthy full toss on middle, Kusal, like he did in the Test here a few weeks ago, puts it away over the square leg fence. Wears a wide grin;
18.1;1;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, 1 run flight, too much of it, a full toss is drilled to long-on for one;
17.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run nice end. Full and straight, blocked under his eyes;
17.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run much fuller this time, full outside off,a sweetly-timed drive to mid-off;
17.4;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs short and wide, too much width. The length was also different. Much shorter and so Kusal goes after the upper cut. Gets it off the outside edge and it races away to the third man boundary;
17.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run more movement but this one has started too wide, moves on further outside off and Mendis is comfortable in leaving;
17.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run beauty, much closer to off but he still gets that away movement. Forces Mendis to play, but the ball beats the bat late.;
17.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run nice delivery from Starc, angling away outside off. Moves quite a bit but Mendis leaves;
16.6;?;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, no run flat and quick on middle and leg, Tharanga defends it back;
16.5;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run some flight on leg stump, he sweeps it against the turn to fine leg;
16.4;1;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, 1 run some turn this time as the ball pitches outside off, Tharanga looks to drive straight but gets a thick inside edge to long-on;
16.3;2;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs full toss this time and Tharanga drives it nicely through the covers in the gap for two;
16.2;?;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, no run some flight around middle and leg, he defends it back;
16.1;?;Zampa to Upul Tharanga, no run lots of flight, almost looked like a full toss before it dipped almost into the block hole, he blocks it back;
15.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run tries the yorker now around off, a bit inaccurate and Mendis blocks it back;
15.5;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs caressed beautifully through the covers for four! Room outside off, it was full and Mendis stretched out to drive that right into the gap to beat all the fielders!;
15.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run nice angle away from the batsman just outside off, Mendis lets it go;
15.3;1;Starc to Upul Tharanga, 1 run bangs it in short towards the ribs, he defends it a bit awkwardly to leg for one;
15.2;W;Starc to Chandimal, OUT another one, Starc has struck indeed and SL lose their third in 10 balls! He banged it in short again, Chandimal looked to guide the ball fine this time by going on his toes but he only feathers an outside edge to the keeper! Replays show it was the glove actually, the pace and bounce did him!;Dinesh Chandimal c ?Wade b Starc 1 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
15.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run 147kmh, short ball outside off, Chandi slaps it straight to point;
14.6;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run starts on the leg side and Chandimal tucks the ball behind square to get off the mark;
14.5;W;Zampa to Gunathilaka, OUT bowled around his legs! The second time he has attempted that shot even though the ball is headed for the stumps. This flatter delivery pitched on leg, he looks to sweep it fine by exposing his leg stump and the ball goes straight to rattle the leg sutmp as Gunathilaka misses;Danushka Gunathilaka b Zampa 39 (65m 40b 2x4 1x6) SR: 97.5;
14.4;2;Zampa to Gunathilaka, 2 runs too short again, poor delivery, and Gunathilaka waited back before pulling it away in the gap. But Finch ran a fair way to his left from long-on before keeping the ball in just before going over the rope. Third umpire checks if it's clean and it is;
14.3;?;Zampa to Gunathilaka, no run that's the googly from leg stump, nicely flighted, but Gunathilaka blocked it back;
14.2;1;Zampa to Mendis, 1 run straighter one, pretty short too, and Mendis goes back to pull it to deep midwicket;
14.1;1;Zampa to Gunathilaka, 1 run flighted and full on leg, squeezes it in as it deflects behind square. Zampa asked for lbw but it was headed down leg;
13.6;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run mix-up on his first ball, he's sent back by Gunathilaka after driving a straight ball down the ground towards mid-off. Mendis took off for the single straightaway but his partner said no as mid-on reached the ball and threw it to the keeper;
13.5;W;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, OUT the angle has done the trick, de Silva has given a catch straight to mid-on! Back of length from Faulkner and angling in, de Silva didn't move much and then punched it straight to Starc at chest height. De Silva's disappointed with himself as Faulkner punched the air twice!;Dhananjaya de Silva c Starc b Faulkner 34 (59m 47b 4x4 0x6) SR: 72.34;
13.4;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run angling in, pretty full too outside off, he blocks it towards point;
13.3;1;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, 1 run shorter and slower at 110kph outside off, he waits and guides it to third man for one;
13.2;?;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, no run on length outside off, driven into the covers now;
13.1;?;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, no run slow cutter at 111kmh outside off, beats the batsman as it keeps pretty low before reaching the keeper;
12.6;1;Zampa to Gunathilaka, 1 run that wasn't far from off and middle, Gunathilaka still took the risk of paddling it fine for a single. Almost exposed all his stumps there;
12.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run flights it on middle stump, pushed down the ground to long-on;
12.4;1;Zampa to Gunathilaka, 1 run fullish on the pads, worked easily towards square leg for one;
12.3;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run flighted legspinner this time, de Silva leans forward and drives it down to long-off;
12.2;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run a flat flipper outside off, he goes back and pushes it back;
12.1;1;Zampa to Gunathilaka, 1 run turning into the batsman, he tucks it to leg for one;
11.6;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run chips it back down the ground, just wide of Faulkner who went to his left to catch but it was out of his reach! Some more drama there as there was some mix-up for the run, but eventually they both made it back to their own ends. De Silva wanted the run but his partner did not;
11.5;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run outside off again, punches it to cover this time;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run takes it away from the batsman with the angle, not much room, de Silva pokes and misses;
11.3;1;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, 1 run legcutter outside off, maybe Gunathilaka spotted it because he waited and then helped it towards third man for one;
11.2;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run just outside off, he whips the ball with the wrists to leg for one;
11.1;1;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, 1 run he'll have to run hard to complete that quick single and he does it with a dive! Pushed the ball down the ground, took off quickly as mid-off picked the ball up and threw, he missed and Gunathilaka made it with a full-length dive;
10.6;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run bit of hard hands again as he looks to whip it through leg, finds midwicket;
10.5;1;Boland to Gunathilaka, 1 run forward stride towards off now, driven through the covers for one more;
10.4;?;Boland to Gunathilaka, no run inside edge and that wasn't far from the stumps! No footwork and he tried to defend it into off, got an edge to leg instead;
10.3;4;Boland to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs rolled his fingers over that one, but it's outisde leg and Gunathilaka deflects it fine down the leg side, fine enough to get four;
10.2;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run bit outside off and he punches it through the covers for one;
10.1;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run looked like a cutter that came towards off stump, he defends it back;
9.6;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run throws his hands at the ball outisde off, hard hands, and gets an inside edge to leg for one;
9.6;1w;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 wide back of length and down leg for a wide;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run doesn't quite middle it this time as he tries to drive it down, finds mid-off;
9.4;2;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 2 runs back of length outsideoff, whipped through the leg side as de Silva grows in confidence;
9.3;3;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, 3 runs beautifully driven through the covers, there was room on offer and he reached out to the ball to find the gap. He's looking in good touch too;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, no run brings it closer to the off stump now, he defends it back;
9.1;2;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, 2 runs outside off, pushed through the covers as Head misfields and they come back for the second. Fifty opening stand for them!;
8.6;2;Boland to Dhananjaya, 2 runs bit of uppish straight drive past the bowler but the ball beats him as they get two more;
8.5;2;Boland to Dhananjaya, 2 runs punches it off the back foot again, this time in the gap through the covers to come back for the second;
8.4;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run just short of length outside off, he punches it down to mid-off;
8.3;1;Boland to Gunathilaka, 1 run towards the leg stump now, tucked off the pads and they settle for one;
8.2;?;Boland to Gunathilaka, no run outside off with some seam movement, Gunathilaka opens the face late and Finch dives to his right to save a few;
8.1;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run nips it in with a short ball towards the ribs, de Silva tucks it down towards short leg for one;
7.6;?;Faulkner to Gunathilaka, no run bit of forward lean towards off to jab at the ball, he misses it as he's beaten;
7.5;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run towrds the pads now and it's clipped towards square leg for one;
7.4;4;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs off stump again, this time de Silva lofts it with a straight bat, down the ground right through the line for four!;
7.3;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run keeps it tight on the off stump again, de Silva pushes it down this time;
7.2;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run defends the length ball solidly into the covers;
7.1;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run 125kmh, starts with an off-stump line on good length, he defends it back;
6.6;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run flicked with such supple wrists to the right of midwicket, excellent timing and he gets one;
6.5;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run just back of length outside off, de Silva keeps it under his eyes and defends on off;
6.4;1;Boland to Gunathilaka, 1 run slices that outside off towards third man for one;
6.3;?;Boland to Gunathilaka, no run much closer to the body, towards off stump, and he defends it to leg before saying no for the single;
6.2;?;Boland to Gunathilaka, no run beats him outside off with a bit of scrambled seam well outside off, he poked away from the body and missed;
6.1;2;Boland to Gunathilaka, 2 runs back of length just outside off, Gunathilaka helps it late towards third man for two;
5.6;1;Hastings to Gunathilaka, 1 run crunched into the covers as he gets room to open his arms again, that was going at some speed and deflected off extra cover's hands;
5.5;4;Hastings to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs bangs it in short outside off, there's some room and Gunathilaka gets under it to slam it up and over the point region for another four!;
5.4;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run this one comes in with the angle from a shorter length and he clips it through midwicket;
5.3;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run seams it away from de Silva and beats him! Nice length, nice away seam movement and de Silva pokes and misses;
5.2;3;Hastings to Gunathilaka, 3 runs bit of room outside off and Gunathilaka times it very well with a powerful punch past point;
5.1;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run short of length just outside off, bit of forward lean and he helps it to point;
4.6;2;Starc to Dhananjaya, 2 runs towards the pads again, flicked in the air over midwicket for two more. Excellent over for SL;
4.5;1;Starc to Gunathilaka, 1 run another full toss trying to deliver a yorker, some hint of swing though, and Gunathilaka opens the face of the bat late to guide it to third man. Oops! He slipped a bit while completing the first run while looking back;
4.4;1lb;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 leg bye optimistic appeal as that's hit him outside leg, deflects towards square leg for a leg bye;
4.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run another shot middled - cover drive but the cover fielder dives to his right to save a few;
4.2;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs full toss and that's gone through Zampa's legs at midwicket for four! On the stumps, de Silva flicked it to the leg side but Zampa kind of tumbled and didn't get his hands on it;
4.1;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs he's been giving too much width and de Silva cashes in again by stretching towards the ball outside off, unleashes a big swing to send the ball sailing over square for a four!;
3.6;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run similar delivery outside off, he opens the face late to guide it to point;
3.5;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run slightly shorter and wider, he works it to point;
3.4;6;Hastings to Gunathilaka, SIX runs what a shot, that's a staight six! It wasn't a half-volley, was on length just around off and Gunathilaka put his front foot forward with some confidence to loft that straight down the ground with a big swing for a clean six!;
3.3;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run bangs it shorter and it's coming in, de Silva tucks it wide of midwicket for one;
3.2;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run not much pace, but not much room either outside off and de Silva defends the length ball back;
3.1;1;Hastings to Gunathilaka, 1 run taking the ball away outside off, he waits and helps it to third man;
2.6;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run solid defence outside the off stump as there's not much room;
2.5;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run width on offer againa and de Silva connects nicely but finds cover point;
2.4;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run 139kph, beautifully bowled! Just short of length outisde off, no room and takes it away with the angle. De Silva pokes and misses;
2.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run loud appeal from Starc as he hits the pad maybe a bit in front of leg stump but the ball surely pitched outside leg. Not out, easy decision;
2.3;1w;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 wide that's gone way too wide with the angle and it's a wide;
2.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run 145kmh, bangs it shorter and takes it away with the angle, no swing and he lets it go;
2.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run full again outside off, de Silva pushes it down to mid-off;
1.6;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run even shorter and closer to the batsman, no room at all and Gunathilaka defends it close to the body;
1.5;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run shorter this time outside off, he stays back and helps it square to point;
1.4;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run 130kph on length around the off stump, defends towards mid-off with a straight bat;
1.3;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run angling it away from outside off again, he helps it sqaure of the wicket again;
1.2;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run not quick again but a touch closer to the batsman, he angles the bat towards point again and connects;
1.1;?;Hastings to Gunathilaka, no run 125kph, not fast at all outside off, he delivers a cutter and Gunathilaka waited before steering it towards point;
0.6;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs that's a cracker to end the over! What a beauty! Room outside off and it was too full too, de Silva leaned into the ball and went down on a knee to drive that beautifully through the covers. All along the ground for four;
0.5;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run there comes the yorker at 140kph just outside off, de Silva middles it back to the bowler with a straight bat;
0.4;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run on good length and still well outside off, angling away and de Silva leaves it alone;
0.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run 144kh, wide outside off again, de Silva swings outside off and finds cover. He didn't quite middle it;
0.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run much closer to the batsman now and shorter, not too far outside off and he shoulders arms;
0.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run pretty full and wide to start with outside off, he lets it go easily;

2.26pm 4-1 or 3-2? Let's see, the umpires have walked out followed by the Autralians and the two SL openers. Starc has the new ball as usual. What are the odds of him not picking a wicket in the first over? Let's find out as Dhanjaya and Gunathilaka have a big task ahead...
PraveenP: "Dickwella has been in good form recently, unlucky not to be picked compared to Gunathilaka who's form has been the direct opposite."
2.18pm It's not too sunny out here in Pallekela and the pitch doesn't have much grass but plenty of cracks.
Dinesh Chandimal: Pitch looks really dry and better to put a good total around 250-plus. We need to get a good start which we didn't get in the last four matches.
David Warner: Definitely, it's a bat first wicket. Bit of weather around so it could be nipping.
Ron: "Australia should have made Bailey captain so Warner can concentrate on his poor form."
Toss: Sri Lanka have opted to bat again!
Australia XI: Warner (capt), Finch, Khawaja, Bailey, Head, Wade (wk), Faulkner, Hastings, Starc, Zampa, Boland. So that's an unchanged XI for them.
Sreeram ssr: ""what about Warners form...where is the Daredevil Warner..,we have seen these years???" I'm sure he's wondering the same.
SL XI: Chandimal (capt), Tharanga, Mendis, K Perera, Shanaka, Dhananjaya, Gunathilaka, D Perera, Pathirana, Aponso, Lakmal. Four changes in the XI: In come Tharanga, Shanaka, Gunathilaka and Lakmal for Mathews, Avishka Fernando, Angelo Perera and Thisara.
Malith Rana: "Very excited to see tharanga back after his hiatus, played well in England, deserved his spot." Lots of support pouring in for him.
Rifath: "I think Kusal Perera sould open regardless if he goes for duck again. If he cannot play the new ball I think better look someone else."
joseph: " they put avishka on toughest match cause it was series decider and starc was full cry they put avishka on hard game and now it is dead rubber they going replace out of form player again ..lol"
DanielAlexander: "Finally Sri Lanka have found a good opener in Dhanajaya this series, good to see him in runs at the top "
1.50pm No Angelo Mathews, no Thisara Perera, no Lakshan Sandakan. And in come Tharanga, Dickwella and Shanaka. All the updates here.
Nicholas Mohl: "Can we win a toss for once and bat first... Tired of watching Sri Lanka put up a mediocre first innings total." Fair call
Cameron: "Any news on if Lyon is playing today?" Not yet. Toss not far away now
Sama Chathurang: "Avishka Fernando shoul be given another chance at midle order. I show him play under 19. He is a promising young batsman."
Durgesh: "Its the view of people how they look at games. Some would say they are dead rubbers but I would say it is an opportunity for youngsters to show their talents!!!"
1.40pm They were pretty good in the Test series but have shown hardly any spark in the ODIs. They have lost players in the middle of the series, have called up new players and have the last chance today to make an impressive mark in the ODI series. Enough about Pakistan's performances in England, let's talk about Sri Lanka v Australia now. Sri Lanka, unlike England, trail 3-1 though and not 4-0, but their miseries have hardly been better. Hello and welcome to our coverage of the fifth ODI in Pallekele, this is Vishal Dikshit and along with Nikhil Kalro I'll bring you all the action for this dead rubber.
Still some time for the toss so why not do some revision about how Sri Lanka need their top order to fire in Andrew Fidel Fernando's preview here.
Rakitha: "Oh..Another dead rubber...2 games in one day...but its not the matter...There is cricket...whoooowww....." I could do with a dose of whatever you've had.
 Innings Start
9.30pm Wide grins on the Australia players' faces, and with that we'll sign off from the ODI series. Thanks for your feedback, time and opinions. The T20s aren't far away. See you then.
9.10pm Clinical chase from Australia to finish out the series positively, led by captain David Warner who returned to form with a superb century, his seventh in ODIs, and the first by an Australian in Sri Lanka in this format. Dilruwan injected some excitement into the match with two early wickets, but Bailey and Warner first stabilised the innings, before getting into their own. A comfortable chase in the end as Australia close out the series with an almost flawless performance.
Presentation time.
George Bailey is the Man of the Series: "It's been a challenging series, at different stages, the batters and bowled shave found it hard. To finish the series 4-1 is satisfying. Just watching the Tests, we knew we have to come to the ODIs with different plans. Was always going to be challenging to hit the ball straight. 220-230 has been a really good score in this series. A guy like Davey Warner today, once he got going, was really good.
David Warner is the Man of the Match: "Always good to get a milestone, but credit to our bowlers for setting the tone. Not the ideal start with the ball. Challenge to face that new ball. Partnerships key, we've done that well in this series. Well done to George Bailey, he's been our rock, and allowed our batters to bat around him. Always pleasing to win a series, we knew we were going to get the same wickets as the Tests.
Dinesh Chandimal: "We're disappointed with the way we have batted through the series. We got a good start today but couldn't get to the 260, 270 mark. They have to learn, if you get a good start you have to bat longer and make it easier for the others. We'll learn from these mistakes and come back stronger. One series you are going to win, other series' you are going to lose. I'm enjoying my captaincy."
42.6;4;Dhananjaya to Hastings, FOUR runs flicked away to the square leg boundary as Australia complete a 4-1 series win, with seven overs to spare. Handshakes all around.;
42.5;?;Dhananjaya to Hastings, no run flight on middle and leg, kept out;
42.4;?;Dhananjaya to Hastings, no run carved to point;
42.3;4;Dhananjaya to Hastings, FOUR runs smashed down the ground for four to get level with Sri Lanka's score. overpitched on middle with plenty of air, Hastings hammers it to the long-on boundary;
42.2;?;Dhananjaya to Hastings, no run loads of flight on leg, Hastings is happy to defend. hit on the pad;
42.1;1;Dhananjaya to Faulkner, 1 run too straight, Faulkner goes back and works it towards square leg for one;
41.6;?;Aponso to Hastings, no run flight on middle, blocked back;
41.5;1;Aponso to Faulkner, 1 run flat on middle, driven to long-on;
41.4;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run terrible ball but he gets away with it as Faulkner goes back and pulls the long hop to midwicket;
41.3;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run worked away into the leg side, nice straight line;
41.2;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run flat delivery on middle, hit back;
41.1;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run tossed up outside off, Faulkner lunges forward to defend, gets a thick inside edge;
40.6;W;Dhananjaya to Warner, OUT throws his head back in disgust. Warner is not happy at all. He has just hit back a nothing delivery to the bowler. End of a superlative knock though. Lots of flight outside off, Warner looks to drive through cover but the ball is too full, he ends up skewing the ball back off the inside half.;David Warner c & b de Silva 106 (167m 126b 9x4 0x6) SR: 84.12;
40.5;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run another quick, fired in delivery on off. Warner goes back and pats to point. Loud call of no;
40.4;1;Dhananjaya to Faulkner, 1 run driven to long-on;
40.3;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run too straight, clipped to deep square leg;
40.2;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run flight outside off, carved to point. Warner wants one, Faulkner doesn't;
40.1;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run flight outside off, driven to cover with the spin;
39.6;?;Pathirana to Faulkner, no run 83 ks, darted in from wide of the crease. Smeared to midwicket;
39.5;?;Pathirana to Faulkner, no run tossed up on off, solidly kept out;
39.4;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run flat again on off, 88 kph. Scythed to cover, one more;
39.3;1;Pathirana to Faulkner, 1 run flat outside off, drilled to long-off;
39.2;2;Pathirana to Faulkner, 2 runs short and wide outside off, Faulkner rocks back and slaps it in front of cover for a couple. Long-off gets around;
39.2;1w;Pathirana to Faulkner, 1 wide flat delivery that strays down leg, wide called;
39.1;?;Pathirana to Faulkner, no run tossed up on off, kept out;
38.6;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run nice delivery. Flat on middle, Warner is solidly behind the line, no intentions in throwing this away;
38.5;1;Dhananjaya to Faulkner, 1 run nudged to midwicket for another;
38.4;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run too much flight, a half-volley outside off. Hammered to deep cover;
38.3;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run tossed up on off, no turn. Driven back;
38.2;1;Dhananjaya to Faulkner, 1 run whipped away to deep midwicket;
38.1;W;Dhananjaya to Head, OUT oh no. He has picked out long-on. Muttering away under his breath. What a waste of a wicket. A full toss on middle, Head runs to the ball and drills it straight to the fielder. The bat face may have just turned in his hands causing him to pick out the fielder;Travis Head c Lakmal b de Silva 13 (21m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 65;
37.6;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run flat and straight, solidly blocked;
37.5;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run short and flat, Head goes back and punches to long-on;
37.4;2;Pathirana to Head, 2 runs two more. Through leg slip. Slow through the air on middle, worked to the left of leg slip. Bounced in front of him;
37.3;?;Pathirana to Head, no run keeps low, straight. Jammed out late;
37.2;?;Pathirana to Head, no run another short delivery on middle, shovelled to midwicket;
37.1;?;Pathirana to Head, no run 83 kph, flight outside off, full toss. Smashed to mid-off;
36.6;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run a long-hop on middle and off, pummelled but straight to midwicket;
36.5;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run flat on off, a thick outside edge towards third man for one;
36.4;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run tossed up on off, pushed back;
36.3;4;Dhananjaya to Head, FOUR runs hammered for four. head gets down and drills the drive past his captain's head. With mid-off and mid-on in, the ball makes the boundary easily;
36.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run 86 kph, full on off, defended;
36.1;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run shortish and wide outside off, smashed down to long-off;
35.6;?;Pathirana to Head, no run keeps low, flat outside off at 86 kph. The ball sneaks underneath;
35.5;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run width, short and wide. Warner makes it look worse than it is with his merciless slap to deep point;
35.4;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run Head doing it nicely, nudging it around. Straighter line and worked to fine leg;
35.3;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flight on middle, driven back;
35.2;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run nudged to backward square leg;
35.1;2b;Pathirana to Warner, 2 byes ripping turn. Warner is standing on leg, Pathirana pitches this on middle, Warner is beaten as he tries to cut, the ball goes through;
34.6;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run there is Warner's seventh ODI ton, the first by an Australian in Sri Lanka. Off comes the helmet, and a muted acknowledgement of the applause. Played, cap'n. Just worked a leg side delivery towards square leg to get there. Made sure he didn't let go of a strong start;
34.5;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run shortish and wide outside off, slapped to cover. Another dot;
34.4;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, nice loop. Driven to cover;
34.3;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run flatter on middle, 90 kph. Punched to mid-off from the back foot;
34.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run the slider on middle, short. Head goes back and drives to mid-on.;
34.1;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off, overpitched. Driven to long-off;
33.6;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run too short, too straight. Warner ticks over to 98 with a neat whip to deep square leg;
33.5;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run flatter on leg, Warner misses his flick, struck on the pads.;
33.4;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run turned towards that same fielder, easily played with the spin;
33.3;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run short and slow on leg, Warner backs away but the bowler follows him, pulled to backward square leg;
33.2;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run uses his feet, gets to the pitch and clips to midwicket. Warner set off late, but no issues;
33.1;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flight outside off, driven back to the bowler;
32.6;1;Perera to Head, 1 run flight outside off, a hint of turn, driven away towards cover;
32.5;?;Perera to Head, no run overpitched outside off, mis-timed badly to cover;
32.4;W;Perera to Bailey, OUT a strong appeal, the finger goes up and the crowd has been shaken alive. But hang on, Bailey has reviewed it! It was pretty full around leg, Bailey swept and missed and took it low on his front pad. Looks like there's no edge, all depends on where the ball pitched. Here comes ball-tracking - it has pitched in line, hit in line and 'umpire's call' for hitting the stumps. So umpire Palliyaguruge's decision stays;George Bailey lbw b Perera 44 (110m 73b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60.27;
32.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run gets room this time and cuts that fiercely to sweeper cover;
32.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run angling in from around the wicket, pushed into the covers;
32.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run pitched up and Bailey on-drives it down to long on;
31.6;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run turns it into Warner, he goes deep in the crease and pushes the ball into the covers;
31.5;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run middles this one to sweeper cover easily for a single;
31.4;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run sharp turn beats Bailey as he goes back to defend but the ball turns away after pitching, beating the outside edge;
31.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run shuffles down this time and doesn't middle the drive he was looking for to leg;
31.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run more towards middle and leg now, he blocks with a forward lean;
31.1;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, he reaches out to push it on off;
30.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run a gentle reverse sweep now towards short third man for one;
30.5;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run short and turning away from outside off, he goes back and slams it into the covers;
30.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run well outside off and Bailey has no troubles in reverse-sweeping that to deep point;
30.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run much slower and it's steered easily to deep point;
30.2;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs cuts off the back foot now to deep point and quickly comes back for two;
30.1;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs it's almost as if the length did not matter to him, and sometimes it doesn't! Bit of flight outisde off, Warner went down on a knee with a forward stretch and slapt-swept that to the wide long-on boundary;
29.6;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run slower on middle, he goes back to let it turn and slaps it behind square;
29.5;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run shuffles down the track to negate the turn and blocks;
29.4;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run slow and angling in towards middle stump, he stays back and punches the ball down to long-on;
29.3;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run much wider outside off and it's nudged to point for a quick single;
29.2;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run nicely bowled around off stump, Warner gives it respect and blocks again;
29.1;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run fullish towards middle, Warner goes back to block it;
28.6;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run a bit of late swing for the yorker, Bailey blocks it back;
28.5;3;Lakmal to Warner, 3 runs that's gone high in the air, he pulled a not-so-short delivery a bit too high towards wide long-on and in the gap. Pathirana in the chase and did well to slide and keep it in;
28.4;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run right in the block hole, he digs it out and back to Lakmal;
28.3;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run fullish on off stump, pushed into the covers;
28.2;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run on the off stump, steered to point where a dive saves at least one;
28.1;4;Lakmal to Warner, FOUR runs short delivery, it's the slower offcutter and Warner spots it early to slap it to the leg side, to the wide long on boundary for four!;
27.6;4;Aponso to Bailey, FOUR runs the third reverse sweep of the over and this one finds the gap, wide of short third man, to go for four!;
27.5;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run full outside off, driven hard and straight to cover;
27.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run much fuller now and it's reverse swept straight to short third man;
27.3;2;Aponso to Bailey, 2 runs short and turning away, Bailey goes back and cuts to sweeper cover;
27.2;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run bunts that fuller delivery down to long-on now;
27.1;2;Aponso to Warner, 2 runs reverse sweep again from Warner to sweep that away against the turn to third man, almost beating the fielder;
26.6;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run on length and angling in around off, he pushes it to point and the fielder almost flies to his right to stop that;
26.5;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run bangs in the bouncer at 136kmh, Bailey gets out of the way;
26.4;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run short of length outide off, Warner punches that off the back foot now;
26.3;1;Lakmal to Bailey, 1 run middles the drive to sweeper cover for a single;
26.2;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run outside the leg stump on length, jabbed towards midwicket for one;
26.1;4;Lakmal to Warner, FOUR runs too full and wide, and Warner slams it back by going down on a knee! Straight as a bullet and over the bowler's head for four as mid-off is in;
25.6;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run much fuller around off, this one's driven down to long-on now;
25.5;?;Aponso to Warner, no run this one turned a bit after the flight, Warner doesn't connect;
25.4;2;Aponso to Warner, 2 runs short and flat, Warner goes back to open up and slaps it towards wide long-on;
25.3;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run fuller outside off, there's the reverse sweep towards short third man who gets a hand but can't stop the single;
25.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run shuffles down to take the ball on the pad well outside the crease and outside off;
25.1;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run goes back a bit and works the ball to leg for a quick single;
24.6;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run closes the face of the bat early towards leg and gets a leading edge towards the cover;
24.5;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run nicely flighted outside off now, and he drives it down to long-off;
24.4;4;Dhananjaya to Warner, FOUR runs that's short and flat, Warner eyes it and rocks back to pull it away with some power, right in the gap for a one-bounce four;
24.3;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run bit of flight on the off stump now, clipped to deep midwicket easily;
24.2;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run waits for the ball to come to him and nudges it to midwicket for one;
24.1;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run on the leg stump from around the wicket, reverse-swept to the off side for one;
23.6;4;Aponso to Warner, FOUR runs tossed up, Warner lunges out and drives that with some power through the covers to beat sweeper cover for four! He's bossing things around now!;
23.5;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run goes back to cut, the ball angles in and he cuts successfully to deep point;
23.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run easy forward lean to block the straightish ball;
23.3;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run he goes back and jabs this one towards point for one;
23.2;4;Aponso to Warner, FOUR runs goes just past the keeper! Now Warner has some luck too - he leaned forward and played for the turn to push the ball down, but it didn't turn as much and the ball kissed the outside edge to go past Kusal's gloves for four!;
23.1;2;Aponso to Warner, 2 runs it turns in, he goes back to cut and gets a thick outside edge to third man and that's his half-century, the first of this series and second of the tour;
22.6;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run leans forward a bit and nudges the ball to midwicket;
22.5;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run this one goes away with the angle and beats Bailey's outside edge;
22.4;1;Dhananjaya to Warner, 1 run angling in a bit now and it's worked to leg off the back foot;
22.3;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run pretty slow towards off stump, leans forward and blocked;
22.2;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run prett short on leg with hardly any turn, worked away easily to deep midwicket;
22.1;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs paddles it fine with the turn towards fine leg;
21.6;?;Aponso to Warner, no run flat and straight outside off, he goes back to block;
21.5;?;Aponso to Warner, no run towards the middle stump now, leans a bit to work it to midwicket by closing the face of the bat;
21.4;?;Aponso to Warner, no run goes back this time to steer the ball from off to point after it turned;
21.3;4;Aponso to Warner, FOUR runs pretty flat on middle and leg, Warner cashes in on the extra bit of pace and reverse sweeps it just behind square to find the boundary;
21.2;?;Aponso to Warner, no run turns it in from length just outside off, Warner goes back to defend;
21.1;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run flighted on off, Bailey shuffles down to drive it to long-off;
20.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run some flight again, without any room, and Warner blocks again;
20.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run touch slower and Warner gets an inside edge onto his pad;
20.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run bit of flight from middle to leg, Bailey had made up his mind to reverse sweep it to deep point;
20.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run fullish again, he drives it hard to long off now;
20.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run bit slower outside off, blocked off the front foot;
20.1;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs some room and Warner has slammed that through the covers, all along the ground for four! A bit of width and he swung hard at it;
19.6;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run that was slightly slower and going down leg as Bailey took it on the pad;
19.5;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run that was the slider towards the stumps from outside off, came in with the angle, Bailey went back to cut and just managed an inner edge in time;
19.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run jut outside off now and he reverse sweeps it to point now;
19.3;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run towards the middle stump now, Bailey leans forward and blocks;
19.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run some flight outside off, he drives and gets a thick inner edge to leg;
19.1;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run straight on the pads and Warner tucks it square for one;
18.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flighted well outside off, Bailey reaches out to push it to cover;
18.6;3w;Perera to Bailey, 3 wide turns this one a fair bit from off and just past the pads down the leg side, signalled wide as they run two too;
18.5;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run flatter on the stumps, Warner clips it to deep square leg;
18.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run flighted delivery and it dips into the block hole, Warner digs it out;
18.3;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run quicker and pitched up towards off, pushed down to long-on easily;
18.2;3;Perera to Warner, 3 runs outside off and Warner reverse sweeps this one to just beat the slip fielder for three runs;
18.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run slightly slow outside off, Bailey leans forward to nudge it to long-on;
17.6;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run low and flighted full toss on middle, pushed down to long-off easily;
17.5;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run slaps this one with the turn from off to deep square leg again;
17.4;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run shuffles down to work the ball to long-on, Pathirana runs to his left to stop the ball;
17.3;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run optimistic appeal as Warner sweeps and takes the ball on the pad, but it was going down leg;
17.2;2;Pathirana to Warner, 2 runs stretches out and makes it a full toss to sweep it to the deep square-leg boundary for two. Kusal Mendis doing some good work in the deep;
17.1;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run nicely flighted on the middle stump by Pathirana, Bailey drives with the turn to long-off;
16.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run appeal for lbw from Dilruwan as Warner sweeps against the turn to short fine leg;
16.5;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs pitched up for Warner and he chips it over the covers in the gap, with the turn, for two;
16.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run little bit more flight and Bailey sweeps with the turn to fine leg for one;
16.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run the straighter one outside off, Bailey defends off the back foot;
16.2;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run goes back in the crease and punches the ball to sweeper cover for one;
16.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run pretty straight on the stumps, Warner defends off the back foot;
15.6;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run slow on off, too full. Driven with the spin to long-on;
15.5;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run shortish again outside off, carved out to deep cover off the back foot;
15.4;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run gets low and reverse sweeps to third man;
15.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run short and wide outside off, slow but no turn. The cut is there to be played but Bailey misses;
15.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run flat outside off, left alone. No spin;
15.1;1lb;Pathirana to Warner, 1 leg bye plenty of purchase on that. Slow through the air on off, prodigious spin. Warner inside-edges it towards fine leg;
14.6;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run short and wide, poor delivery. Hammered to deep cover;
14.5;3;Shanaka to Bailey, 3 runs 126 kph, ooh, a double mis-field. Overpitched outside off, smashed to cover who parries it to mid-off, who is wrong footed, he gets down but the ball goes through his hands as well. Three the result;
14.4;?;Shanaka to Bailey, no run full and wide outside off, 126 kph. Steered to point;
14.3;4;Shanaka to Bailey, FOUR runs clipped just wide of deep square leg. May have surprised himself with the timing on that. Full but on the pads. Bailey picks it off in the air, Mendis runs around from square leg but can't get there;
14.2;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run full but not wide enough to throw his arms at that. Thick inside edge to square leg;
14.1;?;Shanaka to Warner, no run full and straight, Warner plays all around his front pad, works to midwicket;
13.6;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run flight outside off, smashed to long-on;
13.5;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run very flat on middle and leg, 75 kph. Warner hits his sweep to leg slip;
13.4;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run 74 kph, slow on off and middle. Blocked;
13.3;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run comes down and drives to long-off with the spin;
13.2;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run;
13.1;?;Pathirana to Warner, no run big appeal, no says umpire Dar. Tossed up outside off, Warner gets low and tries to sweep, straight to leg slip. Was there some glove there? Mighty close to it, may have been the top edge in fact. Sri Lanka do not review.;
12.6;?;Shanaka to Bailey, no run gentle away swing, full and wide outside off, glided to point. Another tidy over from SL;
12.5;?;Shanaka to Bailey, no run 129 kph, full and wide outside off, steered towards point;
12.4;?;Shanaka to Bailey, no run tight channel around off, Bailey is solid behind the line;
12.3;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run nice drive to long-off. Full face of the bat;
12.2;?;Shanaka to Warner, no run gentle inswinging yorker on middle, 126 kph. Warner jams it out back to the bowler;
12.1;?;Shanaka to Warner, no run poor start, full and wide outside off to Warner. Drilled to long-off, lucky to get away with that;
11.6;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run good single. Flight outside off, Warner wanted to sweep but had to improvise a guide to point.;
11.5;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run too short, too wide, easily slapped to deep cover;
11.4;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run flatter on middle and leg, pulled away to deep midwicket. Runs coming easily now;
11.3;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run shortish outside off, comes back in. Carved to deep point for one;
11.2;2;Pathirana to Bailey, 2 runs short and wide outside off, some extra bounce. Scythed to deep backward point for a couple.;
11.1;1;Pathirana to Warner, 1 run poor delivery. Short on off, and slow. Warner can easily help it along to deep fine leg;
10.6;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run good length on middle and leg, nudged away to deep square leg for a single;
10.6;1w;Lakmal to Warner, 1 wide way down leg for a wide;
10.5;1;Lakmal to Bailey, 1 run good length outside off, steered down to third man for a single;
10.4;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run good length outside off, pushed towards cover;
10.3;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run back of a length on leg, 132 kph. Worked to deep square leg;
10.2;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run miscommunication! Almost results in his dismissal. Played off the pad to short midwicket, he calls for one, but Bailey doesn't want it. Warner makes it in with a full-length dive as the bowler was quick on it, the throw missed the stumps anyway;
10.1;1;Lakmal to Bailey, 1 run back of a length on off, Bailey pulls all along the ground to deep square leg for one;
9.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run worked into the off side, superb over. Another maiden;
9.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run 96 kph, full and straight, hit back to the bowler;
9.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run beautiful stuff, drift towards middle, then pitches and rips past Warner's bat. Unplayable;
9.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run gets down to reverse sweep but the ball is quick again and beats the stroke. Really skidding off this pitch;
9.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run slow this time, loop and flight on off, blocked;
9.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run strays down leg again, absolutely no turn. Warner is beaten for pace again as the ball skids on to his pad;
8.6;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run lovely over that. Maiden. Full and straight again, Bailey blocks;
8.5;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run drifts down leg at 136 kph, Bailey misses his flick and is hit on the pad;
8.4;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run nice and straight again, 136 kph. Bailey is behind the line, head over the ball, eyes on it;
8.3;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run full and straight, tight lines. Blocked into the off side;
8.2;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run full and straight, comes back in this time. Solidly blocked;
8.1;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run 134 kph, clipped to midwicket. The ball is throws towards the stumps at the bowlers end. Warner's bat gets in the way, the run is available on the ricochet but they don't take it;
7.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run down leg this time, off the pad;
7.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run ooh, almost goes through again. Shorter length, so Warner thinks he can cut but the ball skids on. Chopped to point;
7.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run there is Bailey's reverse sweep. Finds short third man. Warner hurtles across for the run;
7.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run fullish outside off, patted back to the bowler;
7.2;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run short and flat on middle, pulled to deep midwicket;
7.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run ooh, almost dragged on! Flat delivery outside off, skids back in. Warner looks to cut, the ball just misses the stumps;
6.6;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run beautiful delivery. Full and straight, the ball moves away late as Bailey defends into the off side;
6.5;1lb;Lakmal to Warner, 1 leg bye back of a length down leg, 136 kph. Off the pad to fine leg as Warner is beaten for pace;
6.4;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run wafts and the ball goes past! Not a good shot. Good length outside off, the ball moves away and beats the bat. No feet movement;
6.3;1;Lakmal to Bailey, 1 run back of a length on leg, Bailey nurdles one into the leg side for a run;
6.2;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run beautiful lines. Tight around off stump, Bailey gets behind the line to defend;
6.2;1w;Lakmal to Bailey, 1 wide strays down leg this time, wide;
6.1;?;Lakmal to Bailey, no run 132 kph, a muted appeal. Fuller than a good length on leg, Bailey misses his flick. Beaten for pace;
5.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run flat on leg, worked to midwicket to get off and running;
5.5;W;Perera to Khawaja, OUT gone! Khawaja is beaten in pace and flight. The crowd goes wild. Tossed up outside off, Khawaja runs down and looks to flick through midwicket, but the ball spins and takes his leading edge as the face of the bat closes. Takes the edge and carries to cover point. A beautiful dismissal, not a great shot either. Did not get to the pitch, didn't adjust;Usman Khawaja c Gunathilaka b Perera 6 (11m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
5.4;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run flat on leg, worked into the leg side for one;
5.3;1;Perera to Khawaja, 1 run flat on off, Khawaja gets down and connects with his sweep to backward square leg;
5.2;4;Perera to Khawaja, FOUR runs Khawaja gets across and paddle sweeps a boundary to fine leg. Let the ball come to him and used the pace, batting;
5.1;3;Perera to Warner, 3 runs slides on but short. Warner picks the length early, goes back and cuts to deep point for three. Great running from Khawaja to get back;
4.6;?;Lakmal to Khawaja, no run tight channel just outside off, Khawaja strides forward to defend;
4.5;?;Lakmal to Khawaja, no run nice stroke. Back of a length outside off, Khawaja times his drive towards cover point, where Mendis dives again to prevent the boundary;
4.4;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run too much width outside off, full, wide. Slashed away to cover point for a run, the fielder got across to stop the run;
4.3;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run slower ball on middle, Warner solid behind the line;
4.2;2;Lakmal to Warner, 2 runs squirted away over point. Full and wide outside off, Warner goes after it. The ball skews off the outside half, over point. Third man gets around;
4.1;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run short and wide, too much width but extracts some extra bounce too which is responsible for the ball going over Warner's flaying bat;
3.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off, Warner goes back and punches to long-off;
3.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run overpitched, quick. Hastily driven to mid-on;
3.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run shortish this time, slightly erring in length. Warner hurries back and punches to cover;
3.3;1;Perera to Khawaja, 1 run flat on off, no spin. Khawaja gets forward and inside edges this towards square leg;
3.2;W;Perera to Wade, OUT massive appeal, umpire Dar says no, Chandimal chooses to review. Looks very close to the glove. Yes, definitely glove I'd say. Flat delivery on off, Wade got low and looked to sweep. The wicketkeeper got across and collected the opportunity. The decision is overturned, enough evidence as the glove brushed the ball. Good take.;Matthew Wade c ?MDKJ Perera b MDK Perera 3 (17m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 23.07;
3.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run quick outside off, skids on with the arm. Wade comes down but pads it away into the leg side;
2.6;2;Lakmal to Warner, 2 runs squirted through midwicket for a couple. Full and straight, the ball comes back in and takes the inside half. Not in control;
2.5;1;Lakmal to Wade, 1 run back of a length outside off, Wade stands tall and punches to mid-off. Despite him being deep in the crease, he still gets one;
2.4;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run full and straight, inward movement. Hit back to the bowler;
2.3;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run full and straight again, blocked. A decent amount of swing;
2.2;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run big appeal, but lots of doubt. Full and straight, Wade doesn't pick the length. Thinks of pulling but has to drive late. Thick inside edge onto the body;
2.1;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run back of a length on off and middle, 138 kph. Wade wants to pull but the ball hurries onto him, he ends up inside-edging this onto his body;
1.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run slightly quicker and flatter on off, blocked watchfully;
1.5;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs the reverse lap for four. Quick on off, slides on. Warner gets down and calmly collects four with a fine reverse sweep to the third man boundary;
1.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run this one is the slider. Full and straight, quick. Driven to cover. No turn this time;
1.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run beauty. Superb length, draws Warner forward but the ball spins away late and beats the bat;
1.2;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run good shot, Wade clears his front leg to avoid the ball hitting the pad. Driven to long-off with the spin;
1.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run flight outside off, Wade comes down and angles his bat to point;
0.6;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run full and straight, good stuff this. Warner can block.;
0.5;1;Lakmal to Wade, 1 run good run. Overpitched on off, drilled back to the bowler, who fumbles and ricochets it towards midwicket. Calls his partner through;
0.4;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run oh beauty. Back of a length outside off, the ball comes back in. Wade is cut in half;
0.4;1w;Lakmal to Wade, 1 wide strays down leg this time, lots of swing though. Started too straight, deviates down leg for an extra;
0.3;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run good length outside off, some inward movement. Blocked;
0.2;?;Lakmal to Wade, no run full and wide outside off, 131 kph. Nicely driven to cover off the back foot;
0.1;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run ooh, lots of movement to start. Good length on middle, the ball darts back prodigiously. Inside edge to fine leg for a run;

Welcome back to the chase. An all too familiar story for Sri Lanka, but can their spinners set up something? Either way this ain't going to be a 50-overs innings. The drizzle before the break won't really help them either. Warner and Wade, Finch isn't fit enough to open. Wade has opened in ODI cricket before, I think. Seam to start, Suranga Lakmal.
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
5th ODI (D/N), Pallekele, Sep 4 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
195
199/5
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 42 balls remaining)
