Data
Saad: "I don't understand the purpose of playing 3 T20Is when WC is around the corner. T20Is are always about entertainment and teams often don't care about the results. Instead if they added 2 more ODIs that would have helped both teams to check their bench strength before WC."
Simon: "In my humble opinion I think both teams have selected teams as t20 teams should be selected: built towards development and seeing what the squad's depth is. There have been some great young players discovered by t20 including Warner, who might be one of the best test openers in the world at the moment"
Oubaas: "Is it just me or is everyone missing the fact that Rilee is making his T20I debut as well today." Oh yes. I missed it too. That's what happens when someone's played a few ODIs and has been around a national team's set-up for a while.
8.36pm Excellent death bowling from South Africa, particularly Abbott, to restrict Australia to 144 after a dangerous-looking partnership between Watson and Faulkner. It's not the biggest total, but the ball isn't quite coming on to the bat on this pitch and the outfield is quite massive, so it might not be the most straightforward chase. Australia didn't hit a boundary off the last 26 balls of their innings.
19.6;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs very full on off stump, swatted down to long-on;
19.5;W;Abbott to Cutting, OUT gone. Cutting goes deep in his crease and gets under this blockhole delivery, strikes it cleanly, but the straight boundaries here are long and he holes out to Miller at long-on. It's an easy catch but he makes sure there are no stuff-ups, tossing the ball in the air, stepping out of the boundary and back in to re-take the catch;Ben Cutting c Miller b Abbott 6 (13m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.4;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run full-toss outside off and he makes room and hits over the off side but can't find a gap, as Behardien runs around from sweeper cover;
19.3;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs in the blockhole outside off, swiped down to long-on;
19.2;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs full-toss outside off, and he looks to slap it through the off side but only manages to plonk it down the ground off the toe-end of his bat;
19.1;2;Abbott to Faulkner, 2 runs yorker wide outside off, and he jams it into the ground and it bounces over the bowler's head;
18.6;2;Parnell to Cutting, 2 runs full-toss on off stump, swatted down to long-off;
18.5;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run full and wide outside off, flat-batted to the man at extra cover;
18.4;1;Parnell to Cutting, 1 run looks to walk across his stumps and whip the ball over midwicket, ends up getting an inside-edge onto his pad;
18.3;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run full on off and he clears his front leg to slog this down to long-on;
18.2;1;Parnell to Cutting, 1 run length ball slanted wide outside off. He looks to launch that down the ground and gets a thick edge that runs away towards third man;
18.1;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run down the track, makes a bit of room and he slants it full outside off. Slapped to sweeper cover;
15.6;1;Tahir to Faulkner, 1 run shortish outside off and he slaps it to deep cover;
15.5;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run full and wide and he drives this down to deep cover;
15.4;6;Tahir to Watson, SIX runs short again, on off stump, and Watson clears his front leg and slugs that over the gap between long-on and deep midwicket;
15.3;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs a touch shorter and he pulls it away to wide long-on;
15.3;1w;Tahir to Watson, 1 wide tossed up wide outside off. Watson goes for the big cover drive and is beaten. He really had to reach for that and it's called wide;
15.2;1;Tahir to Faulkner, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped down to long-on;
15.1;?;Tahir to Faulkner, no run length ball on middle stump, fairly quick and flat, and it's punched back to the bowler;
14.6;1;McLaren to Faulkner, 1 run full toss on off. He looks to make room and hit it through cover, but the inward angle forces him to hit it to long-off;
14.5;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run full outside off, and he makes a bit of room to try and steer it past point. He hits it to the fielder's left but he puts in the dive to stop it;
14.4;?;McLaren to Watson, no run slower full-toss on off, dragged to midwicket. He was looking to launch that down the ground;
14.3;1;McLaren to Faulkner, 1 run full-toss on off stump, mowed down to long-on;
14.2;4;McLaren to Faulkner, FOUR runs it's a low full-toss outside off and Faulkner looks to smear it into the leg side again. This time he gets an inside edge down to the fine leg boundary;
14.1;?;McLaren to Faulkner, no run beaten. It's the slower ball outside off. Faulkner looks to slog that over the leg side and he's through his shot before the ball has even reached him;
17.6;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run another yorker, this time on off stump, and he swipes it away through midwicket;
17.5;1;Abbott to Cutting, 1 run full, a bit of swing in towards off, and he gets across to jab it away to deep point;
17.4;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run in the blockhole outside off. He makes room for the big drive through cover, gets an inside edge that runs past the stumps;
17.3;1;Abbott to Cutting, 1 run full on middle and leg and he clips it away to deep midwicket;
17.2;W;Abbott to Watson, OUT gone! Yet another batsman hits it in the air at catching height, straight to a fielder. It was full outside off and Watson hit that cleanly but picked out the man at cover, right on the edge of the circle;Shane Watson c Duminy b Abbott 47 (54m 36b 0x4 3x6) SR: 130.55;
17.1;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run very full, wide outside off, steered down to deep point;
16.6;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run low full-toss on middle stump, flicked away to deep midwicket;
16.5;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run full on middle and he drives it down to long-on;
16.4;2;Parnell to Watson, 2 runs full on off stump, and he moves his front leg out of the way and punches it back over the bowler's head. Long on runs around to do the fielding;
16.3;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run slower ball, and it's short down the leg side. Faulkner opens himself up to swat that wide of the short fine leg fielder, who gets a bit of a hand to it to slow it down;
16.2;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run in the blockhole outside off and he jams his bat down to poke it into the covers;
16.1;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run short, wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
13.6;?;Tahir to Watson, no run tossed up wide outside off and Watson slaps it to point;
13.5;1;Tahir to Faulkner, 1 run pushed through quicker on leg stump and he tucks it away towards midwicket;
13.4;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run short again, outside off, and he smacks it down to long-on with that tennis-style swing;
13.3;1;Tahir to Faulkner, 1 run short, a bit of width, slapped away to deep point;
13.2;?;Tahir to Faulkner, no run tossed up on middle stump, Faulkner pushes it into the covers off the front foot;
13.1;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run short outside off and Watson bashes it down the ground to long-on. It's a tennis-style shot;
12.6;?;McLaren to Faulkner, no run slower ball, it's a full-toss on off. Faulkner looks to clear his front leg and slog it over the leg side and ends up inside-edging onto his pad;
12.5;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run low full-toss outside off, clears his front leg and smacks it down to long-on;
12.4;3;McLaren to Faulkner, 3 runs another short ball, another pull. This time it's onto him a bit quicker and he top-edges it down towards long leg;
12.3;6;McLaren to Faulkner, SIX runs short ball and Faulkner clears his front leg to pull that high towards Behardien at deep square leg. He came in off the rope, and realised that was a mistake. Backtracked a little, jumped, and got a hand to the ball but couldn't hold on, and deflected it onto the rope;
12.2;3;McLaren to Watson, 3 runs short and wide and he has to chase that wide outside his off and gets a thickish outside edge towards third man, where Tahir slides to stop it. Did his foot touch the rope as he pushed the ball back into play? They're checking, and it looks like he's just about okay.;
12.1;1;McLaren to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length outside off, and Faulkner pushes it past point to the man sweeping up at deep cover point;
11.6;6;Rabada to Watson, SIX runs slower ball outside off, and Watson gets forward and frees his arms to launch that back over the bowler's head. Just cleared the long straight boundary;
11.5;1;Rabada to Faulkner, 1 run full on middle stump, looked like the slower one, and he flicks it away towards the leg-side sweeper;
11.4;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, and he tucks it away to midwicket;
11.3;?;Rabada to Watson, no run bouncer now, 136kph, and Watson shapes to pull but it hurries through too quickly for him to go through with the shot;
11.2;1;Rabada to Faulkner, 1 run backs away to make room and Rabada follows him with a back of a length ball. He nudges it away towards mid-on;
11.1;1;Rabada to Watson, 1 run length ball on middle stump, and he gets across to clip it away towards fine leg;
10.6;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run length ball on middle stump, pushed towards mid-on;
10.5;1;Abbott to Watson, 1 run back of a length outside off, he punches it to the left of Behardien at short cover and takes off for the single. The fielder picks it up on the bounce, spins around quickly and fires a throw to the bowler's end, just missing the stumps. Watson was out if that hit;
10.4;1;Abbott to Faulkner, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, Faulkner nurdles it away towards midwicket;
10.3;?;Abbott to Faulkner, no run length ball on off stump, looked like the slower one, and he defends off the front foot;
10.2;W;Abbott to Reardon, OUT whatacatch! That was short and rising outside off and he crouched to play the ramp shot. Got a fairly big chunk of bat on it and it went at high pace over de Kock. He leaped high in the air, at full stretch, and came away with the ball stuck in his right glove;Nathan Reardon c ?de Kock b Abbott 4 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
10.1;?;Abbott to Reardon, no run back of a length, angled across towards off, and Reardon defends into the off side, on the hop;
9.6;?;Tahir to Watson, no run looks to sweep from middle stump, gets a top edge that drops just in front of him;
9.5;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs down the leg side now and he goes for the sweep, gets a top edge that goes in the air but drops short of Parnell running to his right from deep backward square leg;
9.4;2;Tahir to Watson, 2 runs full on middle and leg, driven hard down to long-on;
9.3;6;Tahir to Watson, SIX runs tossed up fairly wide outside off and Watson gets on one knee and slogs it over the leaping deep midwicket fielder;
9.2;?;Tahir to Watson, no run short and very wide and he's lucky Watson slapped that straight to point;
9.2;1w;Tahir to Watson, 1 wide quickish ball again, slides down the leg side this time as Watson looks to sweep;
9.1;?;Tahir to Watson, no run back of a length on off stump, skids through, and he goes back and punches it back to the bowler;
8.6;1;Duminy to Watson, 1 run fuller now, closer to off, and he drives it down to long-off;
8.6;1w;Duminy to Watson, 1 wide slants this across wide of off, back of a length, and ends up overdoing the angle. Watson leaves it alone and the umpire signals wide;
8.5;1;Duminy to Reardon, 1 run full on off stump, driven down to long-off;
8.4;1;Duminy to Watson, 1 run full outside off, mowed down to long-on;
8.3;1;Duminy to Reardon, 1 run quicker now and it goes with the angle, he comes forward to defend and gets an inside edge into the leg side;
8.2;?;Duminy to Reardon, no run tossed up much slower on middle and off, and he comes forward to steer it towards point;
8.1;?;Duminy to Reardon, no run length ball outside off, driven to Rabada at point;
7.6;1;Tahir to Reardon, 1 run full and flighted on middle and off and he drives it to mid-off;
7.5;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run tossed up outside off, it's the googly, and he whips it away towards deep midwicket;
7.4;1;Tahir to Reardon, 1 run tossed up on off stump, and he drives it down to mid-off;
7.3;W;Tahir to Dunk, OUT tossed up wide outside off. Dunk goes hard at the drive and hits it in the air, and Duminy takes it well at short cover, going down on one knee and taking it above his right shoulder;Ben Dunk c Duminy b Imran Tahir 2 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
7.2;1;Tahir to Watson, 1 run flat on leg stump, no turn, and he goes back to work it away towards deep midwicket;
7.1;?;Tahir to Watson, no run goes back to a length ball on middle and leg, goes with the angle and he punches it back to the bowler;
6.6;1;Duminy to Watson, 1 run short and wide and he slaps it down to deep point;
6.5;1lb;Duminy to Dunk, 1 leg bye full on middle and leg and he clips it away towards midwicket;
6.4;?;Duminy to Dunk, no run tossed up high outside off and ends up yorking Dunk, sneaking under his bat as he aims a drive at it;
6.3;1;Duminy to Watson, 1 run length ball down the leg side and he clips it away to deep square leg;
6.2;1;Duminy to Dunk, 1 run a little straighter now, and he whips it away through midwicket off the back foot;
6.1;?;Duminy to Dunk, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short cover;
5.6;1;Parnell to Dunk, 1 run back of a length on off and middle and he shuffles across to work it towards midwicket;
5.5;W;Parnell to White, OUT taken! It was short, wide, and it deserved to be smashed, and White duly smashed it, but Behardien at cover point leaped in the air, arms at full stretch, and plucked it out of the air;Cameron White c Behardien b Parnell 24 (25m 21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
5.4;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run back of a length on leg, and he tucks it away off his hips to the left of short fine leg;
5.3;?;Parnell to Watson, no run full on off and he makes a bit of room to play the booming drive through cover, hits it straight to cover point;
5.3;1nb;Parnell to Watson, (no ball) back of a length on off stump, and he gets on his toes to block that to short cover;
5.2;1;Parnell to White, 1 run shortish on leg stump, and he miscues the clip off his hips and gets a top-edge that loops down to deep deep square leg;
5.1;?;Parnell to White, no run full outside off, driven hard but straight to Behardien at cover point;
4.6;1;McLaren to White, 1 run on the pads now and he clips it away to deep square leg;
4.5;?;McLaren to White, no run fuller now, angling in towards off, and he blocks it back to the bowler;
4.4;?;McLaren to White, no run back of a length on middle stump, tucked down to mid-on;
4.3;4;McLaren to White, FOUR runs shortish, at an amiable pace, angling in towards off, and White rocks back very quickly to pull it hard to the deep midwicket boundary;
4.2;1;McLaren to Watson, 1 run back of a length, angling in towards off, and he chops it down to third man;
4.1;W;McLaren to Finch, OUT and he strikes first ball. It's a slower ball outside off, and Finch goes hard at it, looking to drive on the up, and pops a simple catch to short cover;Aaron Finch c Rossouw b McLaren 14 (16m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 127.27;
3.6;?;Rabada to White, no run slower ball on off stump, punched into the covers;
3.5;?;Rabada to White, no run backs away outside leg this time. It's back of a length, angling in towards leg stump, and he slaps it away to backward point;
3.4;2;Rabada to White, 2 runs shuffles across to the full ball outside off and whips it away through midwicket;
3.3;4;Rabada to White, FOUR runs angled in again, gets a little too straight, and White helps it over midwicket to pick up four;
3.2;?;Rabada to White, no run now he looks to smash it down the ground off a fairly full length, again it doesn't come on and he drags it to mid-on;
3.1;?;Rabada to White, no run angled in on a fairly full length, and hits White on the front pad, but he got an inside edge on it. The ball didn't quite come on as he tried to push it through the covers;
2.6;1;Parnell to White, 1 run once again it's back of a length, angled across White, and he steers it down to third man;
2.5;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run low full-toss on off stump and again Finch mis-controls a shot. Looked to go down the ground but the bat turned in his hand and he just beat short midwicket diving to his left;
2.4;1;Parnell to White, 1 run back of a length angling across and he dabs it away to third man;
2.3;1;Parnell to Finch, 1 run a little fuller, angling away outside off, and Finch has a go at it without moving his feet, and ends up dragging it into the leg side. Was looking to smash that through cover;
2.2;4;Parnell to Finch, FOUR runs another short ball, straighter, and Finch times this one perfectly, placing the pull behind square and it runs away to the famously short square boundary;
2.1;2;Parnell to Finch, 2 runs looks to pull from outside off, is a little early on it and ends up hitting it between the bowler and mid-on;
1.6;2;Rabada to White, 2 runs short, and that really climbed on the batsman. He went for the pull and it skidded through and beat both batsman and de Kock, who was looking to collect over his head;
1.5;1lb;Rabada to Finch, 1 leg bye length ball angled down the leg side and Finch gets a bit of pad on it down to square leg as he misses the flick;
1.4;2;Rabada to Finch, 2 runs back of a length, angling in. Finch looks to block it down the ground and gets an inside edge that runs away through square leg;
1.3;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs short, and this hurried through just outside off. Finch looked to pull and got a bottom-edge on it, went over the off stump and bounced past the diving keeper through to the fine leg boundary;
1.2;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, moves away a touch and beats Finch as he chases at it with no footwork;
1.1;3;Rabada to White, 3 runs starts with a fullish ball on middle stump and White flicks it away off the front foot between short midwicket and mid-on;
0.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length on off and middle, blocked back to the bowler;
0.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run smashed back down the ground, and that isn't really a half-chance. It was full and he went for the straight punch and Abbott put his hands up to shield himself in his follow-through and got a little fingertip to it;
0.4;1;Abbott to White, 1 run dropped! That's a terrible bit of fielding by Imran Tahir at deep backward square leg. IT was short and White simply didn't get hold of that hook. Went at a nice catchable height as he slid forward to take the catch, and he simply couldn't cling on;
0.3;?;Abbott to White, no run fairly full, angling in towards off, and it's punched down to mid-off, who dives to his right to make the stop;
0.2;4;Abbott to White, FOUR runs on the pads and that's easily clipped away to the deep square leg boundary;
0.1;?;Abbott to White, no run full, swinging from middle to off, defended back down the pitch;

7.05pm And we're all set. Cameron White is back for Australia, and he's opening the batting with Aaron Finch. It's Kyle Abbott to open the bowling.
Ack: "Given the general lack on anticipation about this series, would be nice to have a surprise - like Australia making the highest T20 score and South Africa break it in 2 hours :)"
Matt Davis: "Why would you need 4 bowlers and then Cutting and Faulkner? The extra two overs you get out of using Bollinger instead of Faulkner isn't going to make up for the extra batting you get from Maddinson compared to Bollinger. Now that I've seen the team id say SA are clear favourites."
Ashish Sharma: "It ain't South Africa if it ain't AB."
Nik: "6 bowlers, 4 batsman and a keeper? Isn't it usually the other way around?"
6.45pm Here's Australia's line-up: Aaron Finch (c), Cameron White, Shane Watson, Ben Dunk (wk), Nathan Reardon, James Faulkner, Ben Cutting, Pat Cummins, Kane Richardson, Cameron Boyce, Doug Bollinger.
And this is how South Africa line up: Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Rilee Rossouw, JP Duminy (capt), David Miller, Farhaan Behardien, Ryan McLaren, Imran Tahir, Wayne Parnell, Kyle Abbott, Kagiso Rabada. Two debutants for them as well.
6.40pm News trickling in that Australia have won the toss and have chosen to bat.
J dog: "Reeza Hendricks has scored runs time and time again in the SA A vs Aus A and India A tournaments in Aus the last few years. Kagiso Rabada was the star of this year's U/19 winning SA team, when he hit 140 kph and frankly scared the Aus batsmen in that tournament, has been doing well in franchise cricket with the Lions already!"
Matt: "Ben Dunk has earned his spot by having a fantastic Big Bash last season and he has also starred in the Matador One Day Cup including an amazing double ton. Nathan Reardon has earned his spot after starring as a pinch hitter for the Bulls in the Matador One Day Cup. "
Oubaas: "Hendricks and Rossouw open for the Knights franchise and both are really explosive batsmen when they get a start. Rabada is a young talent that will be looked after and will hope that he could fill the shoes of Ntini at a later stage. Young, aggressive and quick."
ausrox : "Saw Reardon smash a few vs Scorchers at WACA a few seasons back and saw Dunk's 229 live. Should see them make a few runs tonight."
6.30pm Dunk and Reardon will make their Australia debuts.




Ludolf: "I cant wait for to see what the new boys can bring from both sides"
Lachlan: "Lets hope the Aussie men can play as well as the women team did earlier today!" Yup. They crushed West Indies by a pretty impressive margin.
6.20pm Hello, all. It's time for Australia v South Africa, but not quite as we know it. The first T20 will feature two experimental line-ups, led by Aaron Finch and JP Duminy respectively, and among the things to look forward to include Shane Watson's return to international cricket and international debuts for a number of players from both sides. Is there anyone among you who can illuminate us about the merits of Reeza Hendricks, Kagiso Rabada, Nathan Reardon and Ben Dunk?
 Innings Start
10.25pm: That's it from all of us. Hope you enjoyed our coverage. Make sure you join us for the rest of this series and all the other cricket that we're bringing you from around the world, and keep sending in your comments. Until next time, good night!
JP Duminy: "Nice to see the youngsters come through. The positivity they played with was great to watch. I thought execution was unbelievable today, stuck to our plans, dug in their yorkers pretty well. It's going to be good to get back to the MCG, about 5-6 years since I last played there."
Aaron Finch: We were disappointing with the bat. A beautiful wicket as you could see. A lot of starts, but no one went on. Myself and Cam got off to a good start but I threw it away with a poor shot. Towards the end of the innings, that [South Africa's bowling] was as good as I've seen in a long time."
Rilee is the Man of the Match: "My first couple of games for South Africa weren't great. I stuck there, kept my confidence up, and tonight was my night. I just want to shine, every opportunity I get."
Vivek Bhandari: "so, the legend of Bollinger's exactly 1 wicket per match continues..."
10.17pm And that's as dominant a win as South Africa could have hoped for. They were simply the better side today. Australia went too hard at the ball while batting, trying to mow everything over long-on or midwicket, their bowling was a little one-dimensional and quite often all over the place, and their fielding was ragged. South Africa, in comparison, bowled very good lengths, very full at the death, and restricted the boundaries. While batting, Rossouw and de Kock simply waited for the loose balls (of which there were plenty) and put them away coolly, with cricketing shots. A well-deserved win for them.
18.6;1;Kane Richardson to Duminy, 1 run low full-toss on middle stump, and he scoops it over mid-on's head, didn't really get hold of it, but who cares, that's the winning single;
18.5;?;Kane Richardson to Duminy, no run A bit of late drama, perhaps? It was a nicely timed drive down the ground from Duminy, and Richardson got a little fingertip on it bending down in his follow-through. Is Miller home? Yes, he is.;
18.4;1;Kane Richardson to Miller, 1 run short now and he pulls it down to deep square leg;
18.3;?;Kane Richardson to Miller, no run comes down the track again and Richardson shortens his length. Looks to pull, misses, and it's off the body towards backward point;
18.2;?;Kane Richardson to Miller, no run fuller now, on off stump, driven to mid-off;
18.1;4;Kane Richardson to Miller, FOUR runs down the track, makes some room, and uses the angle to slap that away to the deep point boundary;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run back of a length outside off, a bit of extra bounce. He let it come to him, and dabbed it away towards short third man;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run back of a length outside off now, punched down the ground and Faulkner can't quite cut that off, diving to his right;
17.4;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run full on middle and off, punched back to the bowler again;
17.3;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run full on off stump and he punches it back towards the bowler, who fields it with his left hand in his follow-through;
17.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run back of a length outside off. He stands tall and dabs it down towards point;
17.1;1;Faulkner to Miller, 1 run length ball outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
16.6;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run length ball on middle stump, tucked away towards deep midwicket;
16.6;1w;Cummins to Miller, 1 wide now he looks to bowl a bit straighter and ends up overdoing it, slants it wide down the leg side;
16.5;?;Cummins to Miller, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, and he goes back and across to block towards point;
16.4;1;Cummins to Duminy, 1 run short and wide, slapped to deep point;
16.3;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run length ball on off stump, stands tall and punches down the ground;
16.2;?;Cummins to Duminy, no run bouncer now, and Duminy ducks under it;
16.1;2;Cummins to Duminy, 2 runs back of a length outside off, punched to the right of short cover;
15.6;1;Boyce to Duminy, 1 run back of a length on leg stump and he goes deep in his crease to tuck it away towards deep backward square leg;
15.5;?;Boyce to Duminy, no run tossed up on middle stump and Duminy defends back to the bowler;
15.4;1;Boyce to Miller, 1 run straighter now and he works it away to deep midwicket;
15.3;?;Boyce to Miller, no run full outside off, driven back to the bowler;
15.2;W;Boyce to de Kock, OUT got him. He came down the track, making room to hit through the off side, and ended up driving straight into the hands of short cover;Quinton de Kock c White b Boyce 46 (66m 39b 4x4 1x6) SR: 117.94;
15.1;?;Boyce to de Kock, no run what happened there? Went for the reverse-sweep. It was outside leg, and he ended up gloving it, the keeper messes up a simple chance, snatching at it, parrying it away, and nearly falling on his stumps in a doomed effort to retrieve the ball;
14.6;W;Cummins to Rossouw, OUT Cummins ends a lovely debut innings. It's short, angled across, he has to fetch the pull from really wide and ends up hitting it up in the air, simple catch to mid-on;Rilee Rossouw c Cutting b Cummins 78 (60m 50b 7x4 3x6) SR: 156;
14.5;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run de Kock makes some room and Cummins follows with a fairly full ball, and he whips it away to deep midwicket;
14.4;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run short ball on off stump, swivels into a pull down to deep midwicket;
14.3;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep cover;
14.3;1w;Cummins to de Kock, 1 wide bouncer slanted outside off, too high for the batsman to reach;
14.2;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run slower ball now and he swats it away to deep square leg;
14.1;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run dropped It's all going wrong for Australia. Cummins hurries de Kock with that bouncer. He goes for the pull, top-edges it, and White runs to his left from short midwicket, dives to his left to take it inches off the ground but can't wrap his fingers around it;
13.6;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run flat and full on off stump, clears his front leg and swats it down the ground to long-off;
13.5;4;Boyce to de Kock, FOUR runs down the track again, gets inside the line, and goes over the covers this time, to beat long-off running to his right;
13.4;4;Boyce to de Kock, FOUR runs down the track now and he he launches this over the bowler's head with a full, fluid batswing;
13.3;1;Boyce to Rossouw, 1 run goes back to a length ball that turns in from outside off, gets a bit of an inside edge towards mid-on as he tries to punch down the ground;
13.2;4;Boyce to Rossouw, FOUR runs and there's the reverse sweep. Takes it from middle stump and hits it against the turn, easy as anything, between point and short third man;
13.1;?;Boyce to Rossouw, no run full, angled across wide of off, and he goes for the big drive and chops it into the ground;
12.6;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run slower bouncer outside off and he ends up defending it into the off side with a wristy whipping motion;
12.5;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run slower ball, angling away outside off and de Kock smacks that drive straight to cover;
12.4;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched towards long-off;
12.3;2;Cummins to Rossouw, 2 runs shortish outside off and he plays that upright downward pull towards wide long-on;
12.2;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run back of a length outside off, punched sweetly but straight to short cover;
12.1;?;Cummins to Rossouw, no run slower ball on the pads, clipped to short midwicket;
11.6;1;Cutting to Rossouw, 1 run down the track now and he pushes the ball down the ground towards mid-off;
11.6;1w;Cutting to Rossouw, 1 wide sees him coming down the track and bounces him. Was well above his head, so it was a fair call of wide from the umpire, but good thinking nonetheless from Cutting;
11.5;1;Cutting to de Kock, 1 run slower ball, and he goes deep in his crease to pull that towards deep square leg;
11.4;2;Cutting to de Kock, 2 runs short down the leg side and he helps it down towards long leg;
11.3;4;Cutting to de Kock, FOUR runs slanted across and full, and de Kock swings it away over midwicket. Doesn't quite get hold of it, and the ball bounces once before crossing the boundary;
11.2;1;Cutting to Rossouw, 1 run on the pads again, clipped towards deep square leg;
11.1;1;Cutting to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on the pads, whipped away to deep backward square leg;
10.6;2;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 2 runs short again, a bit of extra bounce and he hits this pull uppishly, out of reach of deep midwicket, running to his right, and mid-on, running back;
10.5;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run short, angling into the body, and he pulls it down to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 1 run short again, closer to off, and he goes back and across to pull to deep midwicket;
10.3;4;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, FOUR runs down the track now and he bowls it short and wide. Rossouw flat-bats it to the cover boundary;
10.2;2;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 2 runs full on middle and leg, clipped away to deep square leg;
10.1;4;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, FOUR runs length ball outside off and he leans over the ball and caresses it to the right of the desperately diving mid-off fielder;
10.1;1w;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 1 wide starts this spell by angling a full ball down the leg side;
9.6;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run length ball just outside off, and he makes room to slap it through the off side and misses. Ball missed off stump narrowly;
9.5;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run fuller now, on middle stump, and he pokes it down to long-on;
9.4;6;Faulkner to Rossouw, SIX runs short, and he rises with the ball to pull it away between the converging fielders at deep square leg and deep midwicket;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Rossouw, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, dabbed to short third man;
9.2;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on off stump, and de Kock works it away with the angle towards deep midwicket;
9.1;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run back of a length outside off, cut straight to backward point;
8.6;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run fuller now and he drives it hard to the left of short cover. Long-off runs to his right to stop that;
8.5;1;Boyce to Rossouw, 1 run slanted across, gives him a bit of width, and he cracks it away to the man at sweeper cover;
8.4;4;Boyce to Rossouw, FOUR runs tossed up now and he carves it away over cover, again it's such a clean strike;
8.3;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run goes back to a fairly full ball on off stump and slaps it away to sweeper cover;
8.2;1;Boyce to Rossouw, 1 run a touch short, a lot of width, and he slaps it away towards deep point;
8.1;?;Boyce to Rossouw, no run tossed up outside off, driven to extra cover;
7.6;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run makes room to flay this length ball through the off side, but it bounces a touch extra and beats his bat;
7.5;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run back of a length outside off, punched down to long-off;
7.4;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run pulled away again, into a similar region, and Cummins runs around to do the fielding;
7.3;2;Faulkner to de Kock, 2 runs short on off stump and he pulls it away to the right of Cummins, the leg-side sweeper, and he covers a lot of ground and puts in the dive to stop that on the boundary;
7.2;1;Faulkner to Rossouw, 1 run length ball on off stump. He goes on the back foot and punches it down to long-on;
7.1;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run low full-toss on leg stump, clipped to deep square leg;
6.6;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven down to long-off;
6.5;2;Boyce to de Kock, 2 runs short and wide and he slaps it towards deep backward point;
6.4;1;Boyce to Rossouw, 1 run fullish ball on the stumps, worked away to deep midwicket;
6.3;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run full on off stump and his bat made a lovely sound as he smacked that over midwicket, but it bounced well short of the rope and the man at deep midwicket stopped it running to his left.;
6.2;1;Boyce to Rossouw, 1 run full and wide, and he slaps it away to deep point. That was the googly;
6.1;1;Boyce to de Kock, 1 run fullish outside off, worked away with the turn to deep midwicket;
5.6;6;Watson to Rossouw, SIX runs down the track and that is such a clean strike from Rossouw. The angle across him gives him a bit of room and he simply extends his arms to launch it back over the bowler's head for six;
5.5;?;Watson to Rossouw, no run back of a length outside off, punched to short extra cover;
5.4;?;Watson to Rossouw, no run length ball outside off. Stops on the batsman a little. He adjusts and pushes it down to mid-off;
5.3;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on off stump, dabbed away towards short third man;
5.2;6;Watson to de Kock, SIX runs full outside off. De Kock shuffles across and swings that over the mat at deep midwicket. Cummins is the fielder and he leaps in the air but there was no chance he was catching that;
5.1;?;Watson to de Kock, no run slanted across fairly full and he drives to the man at cover;
4.6;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run down the track, Bollinger pulls his length back a touch outside off. Rossouw tries to steer it away through point and the ball beats his bat;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run slower ball on off stump, blocked from the crease, into the off side;
4.4;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run length ball outside off, pushed to mid-on. He was shaping for the lap-sweep before the bowler was even into his delivery stride;
4.3;4;Bollinger to Rossouw, FOUR runs and another. This is short outside off and he gets across, stands tall, and swivels his hips through a pull between short midwicket and mid-on. Super shot.;
4.2;4;Bollinger to Rossouw, FOUR runs back of a length and a bit of width now. He gets on his toes and punches it away sweetly in front of point;
4.1;6;Bollinger to Rossouw, SIX runs shot! That was angled in towards off stump, and he cleared his front leg and swung his bat through it cleanly to dump it over the wide long-on boundary;
3.6;1lb;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 1 leg bye down the track now and he follows him down the leg side. Can't get his bat around his pad to flick, and it goes off the pad towards square leg;
3.5;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run back of a length on leg stump. He backed away to make room and slapped that towards point;
3.4;4;Kane Richardson to de Kock, FOUR runs down the track now, and he doesn't quite time the drive but gets it into the gap between the stumps and mid-off;
3.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 1 run length ball on middle stump. Looks to stay leg side of the ball and punch through the covers and gets an inside edge down to deep backward square leg;
3.2;1lb;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 leg bye shortish ball down the leg side. Looks to pull but can't quite connect. Off his thigh and into the leg side;
3.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rossouw, 1 run on the pads, and he clips it down to deep backward square leg;
2.6;1;Bollinger to Rossouw, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched into the covers;
2.5;4;Bollinger to Rossouw, FOUR runs length ball, angling in towards off. He clears his front leg and shovels that over midwicket;
2.4;2;Bollinger to Rossouw, 2 runs dropped Not a good day for debutants, eh? Reardon runs back from point after Rossouw top-edges a backfoot slash. The ball is coming down from behind him and he doesn't quite judge it right, drops between his hands;
2.3;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run back of a length outside off. Rossouw tries to make room and slap that through the off side, can't connect;
2.2;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run a little fuller, angling in towards off, and he pushes this to mid-on off the back foot;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Rossouw, no run shortish ball on off, angling in and cramping Rossouw. Punched into the covers;
1.6;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run that's the yorker outside off. De Kock looks to walk across his stumps and play that to fine leg, but he only gets a bottom edge that rolls through to the keeper;
1.5;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
1.4;1;Cummins to Rossouw, 1 run length ball on off, angling across the left-hander, and he looks to poke through the off side with an angled bat and gets an inside-edge to deep backward square leg;
1.3;2;Cummins to Rossouw, 2 runs full on off stump and he drives but doesn't get hold of it, goes in the air between cover and mid-off;
1.2;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run a touch too straight, and he whips it off his hips to deep backward square leg;
1.1;3;Cummins to Rossouw, 3 runs length ball on off stump, and he stays in the crease and scoops it back over the bowler's head;
0.6;?;Bollinger to de Kock, no run back of a length, a bit of width outside off, and he stands tall and slaps this to cover;
0.5;?;Bollinger to de Kock, no run short ball, and that's a confident, swivelling pull from de Kock, but he can't beat the man at square leg;
0.4;1;Bollinger to Rossouw, 1 run shortish ball, angling in, and he looks to pull and gets a bit of glove on it down to square leg;
0.3;W;Bollinger to Hendricks, OUT beauty, and it's a duck on debut for Reeza. His feet are stuck in cement as he pokes at this length ball, which leaves him slightly to accentuate the angle. Dunk dives low to his right to catch that outside edge;Reeza Hendricks c ?Dunk b Bollinger 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run short now, angling away again, and Reeza shapes to pull but decides against it in the end, lets it go;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Hendricks, no run back of a length, angling away from off stump, and Hendricks leaves his first international delivery alone;

8.55pm Right, then. South Africa need 145, and Hendricks and de Kock will open for them. It's Bollinger with the new ball, from left-arm over.
Warren: "A lot will depend on how the SA openers get started, De Kock has gone from being the youngster in the team to now being a "senior" player in just a year. Hendricks is on debut. Rossouw is also making his T20 debut. Behardien is yet to make a statement at international level and tends to slow things down too much. Miller doesn't perform as well for the Proteas as what he does for Kings XI Punjab... Game could be very close..."
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st T20I (N), Adelaide, Nov 5 2014, South Africa tour of Australia [November 2014]
144/6
145/3
Player of the match is Rilee Rossouw, SA
South Africa won by 7 wickets (with 6 balls remaining)
