Data
9.19pm From 93 for no loss, Pakistan should've done better. The openers did provide a base, but I just wonder if they failed to get going slightly earlier. It's a turning surface so expect Pakistan's bowlers to ask the Australians a lot of questions. This is just the kind of total that will keep both teams on the edge of their seat. Can Australia complete a consolation win? Shashank will return in a few moments with the chase, and that's when we'll find out.
Imaad: "Just wondering what is Sarfaraz Ahmed's contribution in the playing XI. He doesn't want to come out in the end and try to hit few quick runs not does he want to bat higher up to build an inning. Pakistan virtually has a non playing captain."
AM: "Hafeez will be the bowling star today. Captain should try him after imad "
Nigah: "@Matt you are so lucky your comments published twice while I am writing for years but never got ones. really sad."
Muhammad Salman: "Min 50 run short pakistan. V good come back Aussies"
Ahsan Butt: "Pakistan might be 20-25 runs short here. Anyways, should be a cracking contest."
Nayyar Raza Kha: "No matter Pak will won it or lost but they are minimum 15 runs short as they started. Again not a good finish considering a solid start."
Umer Adil: "Not a great Total from Pakistan.. As they started.. Now hoping for imad faheem magic again"
19.6;1;Tye to Imad Wasim, 1 run dropped by Carey and Pakistan reach 150! Driven outside off, and the keeper can't hold on after diving to his right. They scamper across for one, and Australia have done very well here;
19.5;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run knuckleball full outside off, and he mistimes a muscled drive to long on;
19.4;1;Tye to Imad Wasim, 1 run overpitched on middle, and glanced off his pads to fine leg. A bit finer and that could've been four;
19.3;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run slower ball, back of a length outside off. Hafeez is forced to flat-bat it to midwicket;
19.2;1;Tye to Imad Wasim, 1 run good length on middle, and slapped off the back foot to the square-fielder in the deep;
19.1;?;Tye to Imad Wasim, no run deceived! Slower ball outside leg, and Imad's through his attempted pull way too early;
18.6;2;Marsh to Hafeez, 2 runs slower ball, back of a length on off and coming inwards. He rides the bounce to pull along the ground to the man in the deep;
18.5;2;Marsh to Hafeez, 2 runs full on middle, and he muscles a slog to the backward-square boundary. Man in the deep has to run along the boundary to intercept;
18.4;W;Marsh to Faheem, OUT short on middle, and Faheem has pulled this down Tye's throat at deep backward square. Off the bat's top edge, and Tye makes no mistake despite the rain;Faheem Ashraf c Tye b Marsh 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.3;1;Marsh to Hafeez, 1 run driven to mid off, overthrow from the fielder allows them to steal the single;
18.2;W;Marsh to Asif Ali, OUT holes out! A brilliant catch from Coulter-Nile. This was full on off, and in the slot. It's Asif's misfortune that he couldn't get it off the bat's middle. The fielder tracks the ball with one eye and ensures his feet are inside the boundary with the other. Taken in the Aussie-Cup style;Asif Ali c Coulter-Nile b Marsh 4 (5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
18.1;1;Marsh to Hafeez, 1 run full on middle, and muscled over the non-striker. Not off the bat's middle, and long on intercepts;
17.6;4;Tye to Asif Ali, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, and Asif slaps this hard past backward point. Slower ball, and Asif dispatches it to the right of third man;
17.5;?;Tye to Asif Ali, no run full outside off, and toe-ended to cover;
17.4;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run full and wide outside off, late outswing, and he's forced to reach at it. Slapped to deep point;
17.3;?;Tye to Hafeez, no run given lbw, but reviewed! It's the legcutter, landing full on leg stump. Hits his boot. But is that going down the leg side? No contact with the bat, but going down the leg side. Well done by Hafeez;
17.2;4;Tye to Hafeez, FOUR runs ramped over the leg side! Full toss outside off, Hafeez bends his knees after shuffling across, and then the swing towards the leg side does the rest;
17.1;4;Tye to Hafeez, FOUR runs offcutter outside off, and he plays a late cut right between Carey and short third man! Yikes. Too short, and Hafeez had enough time to guide it fine;
16.6;?;Zampa to Asif Ali, no run full on off, and defended back to Zampa;
16.5;?;Zampa to Asif Ali, no run;
16.4;W;Zampa to Malik, OUT great response! Slower through the air, and spinning away. Malik looks to nudge it towards the leg side, but the leading edge takes it to Finch at cover;Shoaib Malik c Finch b Zampa 18 (12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
16.3;4;Zampa to Malik, FOUR runs tossed up outside off, and Malik skips down the ground to convert the ball into a full toss. Driven through the covers, and played wide enough of long off!;
16.2;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run skiddy outside off, zipping into the batsman, and mistimed down the ground to long on;
16.1;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run good length outside off, and cut off the back foot to point. Can't beat the infield;
15.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 2 runs full just outside off, and caressed past mid off. Played softly enough for them to take the second;
15.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 2 runs good length outside off, and he dabs a late cut to third man .They're not the youngest men on the field, but the running between the wickets will tell you otherwise;
15.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Hafeez, 1 run good length on leg stump, and pulled along the ground to deep backward square. NCN does well with the slower bouncer;
15.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Hafeez, no run full outside off, and Hafeez tries to carve this towards point. Straight to the fielder;
15.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Malik, 1 run nudged off the pads to deep midwicket. Ball angling in, and nicely worked;
15.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Malik, FOUR runs good length outside off, backs away to make some extra room, and slaps a cut past the fielder at deep point! Superb wristwork;
14.6;1;Short to Malik, 1 run walks down the ground, and punches to long on. A tidy spell from Short;
14.5;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run swept away to the leg side;
14.4;6;Short to Hafeez, SIX runs over long off! Comes down the ground, meets it from middle, and thumps it right over the non-striker!;
14.3;1;Short to Malik, 1 run full on middle, and pushed to wide long on;
14.2;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run length ball on leg, and he rocks back to pull along the ground. Almost takes the square-leg umpire! Hit with immense power, but he did well to duck under the shot;
14.1;1;Short to Malik, 1 run length ball turning into his pads. Shuffled towards off stump, and whipped off the pads to backward square;
13.6;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run full on off, and well timed down the ground. Tye can't stop it, and that's work for long on. Pakistan get to 100;
13.5;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run short outside off, but not bouncing enough. He tries to ramp a cut to third man, but under-cuts the shot there. They walk across for one;
13.4;?;Tye to Hafeez, no run full on off, slower from Tye. Defended with soft hands towards the non-striker. Well deceived;
13.3;1;Tye to Malik, 1 run short on off, and he swivels well. Pulled to deep midwicket off the back foot;
13.2;?;Tye to Malik, no run full on off, and zipping in. Clipped off his pads to square leg;
13.1;W;Tye to Babar Azam, OUT another one! Chops on. Fuller outside off, and he drives away from his body. The ball zips in, and takes the inside of his bat. Massive wicket;Babar Azam b Tye 50 (40b 5x4 1x6) SR: 125;
12.6;4;Lyon to Hafeez, FOUR runs lucky! Under cuts it through the keeper's legs. Skiddy delivery that came on too quick;
12.5;W;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, OUT Tye holds on! Farhan wanted the release shot, but couldn't time it at all. Loses one hand on the bat, and the mistimed slice goes to long off;Sahibzada Farhan c Tye b Lyon 39 (38b 2x4 3x6) SR: 102.63;
12.4;1;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 run full on off, and driven down the ground to long off. They skip across for the single, and that's Babar's half-century!;
12.3;1;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run tossed up outside off, cut against the spin off the back foot to the man at deep point;
12.2;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run shart turn inwards. Back of a length outside off, and cut from near his body to the off side;
12.1;1;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length outside off, and turning inwards. Nudged off his pads to square leg to a ball that bounced extra;
11.6;2;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 2 runs shorter from Farhan. He skips down the wicket and cuts square to McDermott in the deep;
11.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run full on off, and smothered off his pads with the angled bat to the leg side;
11.4;1;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run full on off, and he muscles a mistimed drive to long on for a jogging single;
11.3;?;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, no run tossed up on middle, and drifting in. Quicker by 10kph. Tries to drive, but inside edges it to his pads;
11.2;6;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, SIX runs full on leg, and that's been slog swept over cow corner! Slower from Zampa, only 80.5kph, and punished by the new man;
11.1;?;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, no run length ball outside off, and skidding inwards. Uses his feet in a bid to muscle it to long off, but mistimes it back;
10.6;1;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run full on leg stump, and worked away to midwicket. Man from the deep sprints in, and that means they stick to the single;
10.5;?;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, no run full on leg stump, and he goes down the ground to swing across the line. Misses, hits his pad, and the ball rolls away to point. They consider reviewing, but eventually decide not to;
10.4;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball on off, and nudged off his pads to square leg. They scamper across for one;
10.4;1w;Short to Babar Azam, 1 wide slower ball, but spinning after hitting the deck. Babar misses the flick;
10.3;2;Short to Babar Azam, 2 runs overpitched on leg, and clipped past midwicket to the man in the deep. Enough time to jog back for the second;
10.2;?;Short to Babar Azam, no run overpitched on leg stump, and he meets the ball on the front foot. Nudged to cover;
10.1;1;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run good length on off, and getting big on his body. Uncomfortably pulled to long on;
9.6;1;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run rocks back and flat-bats this pull to long-on.;
9.5;?;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, no run steps out, but Zampa cramps him for room by drifting this in at a length, defended back.;
9.4;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run works this off length to midwicket;
9.3;1;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run full toss which he toe-ends on the drive to long-off.;
9.3;1w;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 wide sees the batsman try and give him the charge so drops this short, loses his direction and fires it wide. Wide called.;
9.2;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run driven inside-out with the spin to wide long-off.;
9.1;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run bowled full outside off, driven hard to cover.;
8.6;?;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, no run beaten by conventional spin! Beats the inside edge to hit the pad as he attempted a drive;
8.5;?;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, no run beauty! Didn't read the wrong'un at all. Landed this off a length and got this to turn away to square him up. Bounce as well. Superb;
8.4;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run drills this down to long-off;
8.3;?;Short to Babar Azam, no run leading edge that rolls back to the bowler.;
8.2;2;Short to Babar Azam, 2 runs worked with the spin towards deep midwicket, Maxwell had some work to do in getting to his left from the ropes.;
8.1;?;Short to Babar Azam, no run mistimes an attempted slap to cover. Looked to hit the gap at point.;
7.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run slider which he bunts into the off side behind point. Excellent start.;
7.5;1;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run once again was looking to wind up and slog, but couldn't get underneath the flight. Bowled full and flat.;
7.4;?;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, no run squeezes this yorker-length delivery back to the bowler. Looked to go downtown;
7.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run gets right to the pitch as he eases to long-off;
7.2;1;Zampa to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run squared up but he manages to get a thick outside edge to short third man for a quick single;
7.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run sharp turn from length on off, worked to the legside;
6.6;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run gentle tuck into the leg side, behind square for a single;
6.5;1;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run chipped with the spin, on the bounce to long-on.;
6.4;?;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, no run steps out and mistimes this lofted hit off a thick inside edge to mid-on;
6.3;?;Short to Sahibzada Farhan, no run lunges forward and turns this into the leg side;
6.2;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run turns this gently into the leg side;
6.1;4;Short to Babar Azam, FOUR runs so clever, uses the bowler's pace and then literally deflects this off the keeper's glove to beat short third man;
5.6;6;Tye to Sahibzada Farhan, SIX runs muscled and it clears the ropes at long-on. Fetched the slower delivery from outside off, magnificent strike.;
5.5;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run steered behind point for an easy single;
5.4;1;Tye to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run length ball skidded through, hit this high on the bat as he attempted a flat-batted pull, down to mid-on for a quick single.;
5.3;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run dabs this behind point for a single;
5.2;?;Tye to Babar Azam, no run shortens his length, pulled straight to midwicket;
5.1;?;Tye to Babar Azam, no run slower and fuller outside off, squeezed to point.;
4.6;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run gets on top of the bounce and turns to midwicket.;
4.5;4;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, FOUR runs looks to go long-off, but ends up slicing it because the ball drifted away. Gave it all his might, so he cleared the infield and then the ball trickled away to the cover fence.;
4.4;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run sharp turn from length on middle, tucked to midwicket;
4.3;6;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, SIX runs down on one knee as he swings this over the bowler's head, clears the ropes effortlessly.;
4.2;1;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 run shortens his length, worked off his hip to deep square.;
4.1;4;Lyon to Babar Azam, FOUR runs clean hitting right out of the top drawer. Steps out and lofts this tossed up delivery over mid-off. Didn't get to the pitch but it didn't matter.;
3.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run wrists this short of length delivery to deep square.;
3.5;2;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 2 runs unfurls his wrists to hit this behind point, two to square third man.;
3.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, SIX runs rides the bounce and then upper cuts this short ball to clear third man. So very nicely executed ramp. Used the pace superbly. Not sure why NCN is suddenly going short.;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, 1 run flashes to get a thick edge, down to square third man.;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run back of length on middle and leg, tucked off his hip to deep square;
3.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, FOUR runs pulled in front of square, splits the gap between midwicket and mid-on. Touch short, he got it high on the bat but it still had enough.;
2.6;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run works this to square leg, can't beat Maxwell.;
2.5;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run skids one on a length from middle, rushed into his defensive stroke.;
2.4;?;Lyon to Sahibzada Farhan, no run right to the pitch of the ball as he drives to mid-off.;
2.3;1;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 run turns this gently behind square into the leg side.;
2.2;4;Lyon to Babar Azam, FOUR runs swept but the top-edge just trickles to the deep backward square leg boundary.;
2.1;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run hit on the pad as he looks to flick. Rolls to short fine leg;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, no run steps out to belt this over the top but Coulter-Nile bangs it in to cramp him for room, defended.;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, no run beaten again! Top class bowling. Late movement in the air, movement off the pitch from length outside off, Farhan clueless as he's beaten again.;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, no run beauty! Leaves him late to whizz past the outside edge as he wafts at the delivery.;
1.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, FOUR runs flashes to get a thick edge that beats the slip fielder to the third man boundary. Saw the width, feet didn't move but went through with the stroke.;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, no run late movement from outside off, squared up by the length. Beaten. Superb delivery.;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Sahibzada Farhan, no run movement away, the length is quite full as he lands on off stump, defended to extra cover.;
0.6;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run drifts away from a length on off, deadbats it away.;
0.5;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run defended from the crease into the leg side;
0.5;1w;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 wide looks to whip this square, beaten. But there's too much turn.;
0.4;4;Lyon to Babar Azam, FOUR runs steps out and belts this back over the bowler's head. Got very close to the pitch of the ball and went through with the stroke. Excellent timing.;
0.3;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run lobs off the inside edge to where a backward short leg would be. At the moment, he isn't reading the turn properly.;
0.2;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run deceived in flight as he steps out to flick, played too early. Hit on the pad.;
0.2;1w;Lyon to Babar Azam, 1 wide sharp turn from middle and leg, looks to tickle fine but misses. Excellent take down leg, given wide though.;
0.1;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run spins in from round the stumps, defended.;

Pakistan openers are ready, as are Australia's fielders. Let's get set for what hopefully will be an exciting clash. Australians look in good spirits. Finch and Maxwell, the Victorians, have a big grin as they take the field. Nathan Lyon to open the bowling.
Wasiq: "Really excited about Farhan getting a go here. He is one to watch out for as he is a very compact and technically sound player. Hopefully he shows good temperament too to confirm that he belongs at this level. "
Pakistan XI: Sahibzada Farhan, Babar Azam, Mohammad Hafeez, Shoaib Malik, Sarfraz Ahmed (capt ,wk), Asif Ali, Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Usman Khan Shinwari
Australia XI: Aaron Finch (capt), Alex Carey (wk), Chris Lynn, Ben McDermott, Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Marsh, D'Arcy Short, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa, Nathan Lyon
Zan: "The Shetty link goes to an article about the bpl. You might wanna change that" - Cheers, that's been done.
7.30pm Pakistan have won the toss, will bat first. Shinwari and Farhan in, Shaheen Afridi and Fakhar out
Australia changes: Nathan Lyon in, Billy Stanlake out
"This is a batting pitch, will spin later so we want to defend," Sarfraz says. "Will try our level best to make it 3-0."
"We would've also batted first because this is being used a second time," says Finch. "I think the pitch will turn, showed signs of it the other night. Maxwell bowled the first over and it spun, don't think that will change. Always the goal is to win when you play for the country, that doesn't change."
Muhammad Usman : "I think this match is going to b a cracker. Pakistan will test their bench today, which is still a question mark. "
Pitch report now: Conditions are much they same as they were on Friday - slow and dry. Australia will be keen to give batting first a try, though, after their unsuccessful chasing efforts.
Abhijato: "Know this might sound off-topic, but I don't agree with Mr Shetty's assessment on Kohli's batting. He has been an excellent finisher too. It's just that chases don't go that deep with him involved. For example, those knocks of 150+ against NZ in 2016 and then in SA in 2017. Yesterday he just did not get any support and had to take a risk. The ball kept low to produce an anamoly in his chasing numbers."
For those wondering what Mr Shetty has written, here goes

Haroon Khan: "1-0 to Barca. Madrid's been struggling to put the ball in the net lately."
DoDaaChampoi: "Off-topic but what is everyone's predictions for today's El Classico?" -- Honestly, I wasn't aware of such a game. I'm a one-sport man. Let me ask Sreshth and Danyal.
Sreshth says: 2-0 "Barca. Real aren't the same without CR7."
Danyal has accused me of putting him in a spot. But he says 1-0 to Barca
Muhammad Harris: "you guys do a fabulous job, always being a silent reader but thought today to drop by and say thanks for all the hard work you guys do, keep it up." -- Thank you, Harris. Readers like you, and of course many others who give us brickbats at times, asking us to do better, keep us going.
Tanmay: "I thought Cricinfo team visits every venue to cover the matches. I was wrong!" -- Yes, we do. However, we manage ball-by-ball commentary and match bulletin from our offices.
What are the aspects Pakistan can look to get better at? Will Australia make a raft of changes. Will Pakistan give their untested players a go or eye the 3-0 route? Danyal looks ahead to all these in his preview.
7.00pm It's a dead rubber for all practical purposes, but Australia would want to walk away with something after their winless tour in the UAE has stretched to another torrid week at the T20Is. They can draw some solace from Glenn Maxwell's performance, though. Can they nip one in the bag tonight? I'm Shashank Kishore in Mumbai, soon to be joined by Sreshth 'Legend' Shah on the commentary desk from Bengaluru. From Lahore, we've got Danyal Rasool on match bulletin. Such diversity, no? Stay locked. It should be a lot of fun.
 Innings Start
11.10pm So a poor finish to a disappointing tour for Australia. For Sarfraz, this is the right tonic after a slew of poor captaincy decisions cast doubts over his authority over the side in the lead-up to the tour. He responded with two superb knocks in the second Test as Pakistan won the Tests, and then didn't put foot wrong in the three T20Is that followed. Australia, for all their talk of change in culture, haven't changed their approach towards spin. Diffidence, uncertainty, over-aggression at times, and even complete lack of trust in their own game has left a lot to be desired. They have plenty of work to do if they are to compete in these parts of the world. For now, they'll board the long flight home without a win on tour. On that note, this is Shashank and Sreshth signing out on behalf of Thilak. Hope you enjoyed our coverage. Until next time, it's goodbye from us here. Cheers
Presentations:
Babar Azam is the Player of the Series. He finished with scores of 68, 45* and 50. "I don't get satisfied if I've performed in one match. My role is that of an anchor, who has to bat through. I try to do that."
Shadab Khan is the Player of the Match for his three-wicket haul. "Didn't try to do something extra, that was the key," he says. "There was lot more grip in the previous game, today the ball was skidding through. I bowl according to situations."
Sarfraz Ahmed: Boys have worked hard in all facets, the result is just the reward. Whoever has got an opportunity has done well. We wanted to carry forward the momentum to the New Zealand series, the way we bowled and took our catches was superb tonight.
Aaron Finch: We had our chances in all three games. Chasing under 150, you back your batsmen to get the side over the line. Our bowling was very impressive all series, keeping them to below 150 was great. We're looking forward to a tough series against South Africa.
Alex Carey took 20 off the first over. But one wicket is all it took for Pakistan to pop open the game as the spinners took over and applied the choke clinically. For now, it's a well-earned break for Pakistan, a very short one, before New Zealand come calling. The first of three T20Is starts in Abu Dhabi on October 31.
Statistician Mazher Arshad tweets: "Six of Australia's eight lowest totals in T20Is have come against Pakistan."
19.1;W;Hasan Ali to Zampa, OUT Pakistan win 3-0! The 30th time they've bowled an opposition out in T20Is! Full on off, and he tried to muscle it over long off. No power behind that shot and the hosts are delighted;Adam Zampa c Imad Wasim b Hasan Ali 9 (10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 90;
18.6;2;Usman Shinwari to Lyon, 2 runs full on off, and he swings across the line to long on. Shoaib throws from the deep, and Lyon could be run-out, but the ball has hit his body. No appeal for obstruction because the batsman did not alter his running path;
18.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Lyon, no run back of a length on middle, and he tries to pull. Misses;
18.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Lyon, no run yorker just outside off, and almost clips off stump. Lands beyond the wickets and goes into the keeper's gloves;
18.3;2;Usman Shinwari to Lyon, 2 runs full on off, and swung across the line over midwicket. Babar gives it a chase, and pulls it back before the duo can consider a third;
18.2;1;Usman Shinwari to Zampa, 1 run full outside leg, and Zampa backs away to drive. Straight to deep extra cover;
18.1;4;Usman Shinwari to Zampa, FOUR runs good length outside off, and punched uppishly over point to the man in the deep;
17.6;W;Hasan Ali to Tye, OUT nine down! Full and quick, and Tye's attempted drive takes the inside-edge and straight into Sarfraz's gloves. That went so fast, and the keeper had to dive to his left in a flash;Andrew Tye c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Hasan Ali 5 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
17.5;1;Hasan Ali to Zampa, 1 run good length outside off, and pulled in front of square to deep midwicket;
17.4;?;Hasan Ali to Zampa, no run yorker on off, but shoveled away to towards the off side. Zampa is out of his crease, and Hasan races to his right and aims at the batsman's end. Misses!;
17.3;?;Hasan Ali to Zampa, no run back of a length outside off, and the ball stays low due to the lack of pace. Zampa misses the pull as the ball goes under;
17.2;1;Hasan Ali to Tye, 1 run good length outside off, and the pull is inside-edged to short fine leg. Only 113kph;
17.1;?;Hasan Ali to Tye, no run full on middle, and zipping inwards. Tye looks to nudge it towards the leg side, but it hits his pad. Hasan appeals but it's going down leg;
16.6;1;Shadab to Tye, 1 run good length outside off, and he walks towards the off side and pulls to deep midwicket. The ball dribbles away to cow corner;
16.5;1;Shadab to Zampa, 1 run length ball wide outside off. Slapped off the back foot to the fielder in the deep;
16.4;1;Shadab to Tye, 1 run full on off, and skidding through. Pushed to deep extra cover for a walking single;
16.3;1;Shadab to Zampa, 1 run full outside off, and driven with the bat's open face to point;
16.2;?;Shadab to Zampa, no run full outside off, and driven to cover off the front foot;
16.1;1;Shadab to Tye, 1 run dropped at deep extra cover! Faheem Ashraf drops a sitter. Full outside off, and driven with the turn over cover. Not enough power in that shot, and Faheem had enough time to compose himself, but the ball just popped out;
15.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Tye, 1 run full on middle, almost a yorker. Wedged to the leg side and they scamper across for a single;
15.5;?;Usman Shinwari to Tye, no run length ball outside off, and a wild cross-batted swing from Tye. Through under his bat to Sarfraz;
15.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Tye, no run yorker on off, and shoveled away to the off side;
15.3;1;Usman Shinwari to Zampa, 1 run length ball from round the wicket to Zamps. Dabbed off the back foot to third man;
15.2;W;Usman Shinwari to Coulter-Nile, OUT Shadab runs from point and whips the bails off! It was a yorker on off that Coulter-Nile wedged to point. He wanted the run, but Tye wasn't interested, and the fielder has enough time to sprint towards the batsman's stumps and perform the last rites;Nathan Coulter-Nile run out (Shadab Khan) 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
15.1;W;Usman Shinwari to Short, OUT back of a length outside off, and pulled to deep midwicket. But Shoaib Malik, yes that grand old man, runs to his left from long on and slides across the ground to take a mindblowing catch. He's 37, would you believe it? And is that the end of Australia's challenge;D'Arcy Short c Shoaib Malik b Usman Shinwari 10 (15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
14.6;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run back of a length outside lff, and turned off the back foot to square leg;
14.5;4;Shadab to Short, FOUR runs swept! And swept hard. Full on off, and down on one knee as he slaps this behind square. Asif in the deep tries to dive and intercept, but the ball wins the race. Asif crashes into the security guard near the ropes too;
14.4;?;Shadab to Short, no run full on off, and spinning away from Short. Pushed off the front foot to point with the angled bat;
14.3;W;Shadab to Marsh, OUT chipped! To long on. Shoaib Malik dives forward to complete that catch. Length ball angling in, and cramping him for space. Can't free his arms, and he lobs it into the hands of the fielder manning the boundary;Mitchell Marsh c Shoaib Malik b Shadab Khan 21 (24b 0x4 1x6) SR: 87.5;
14.2;?;Shadab to Marsh, no run overpitched on middle, and Marsh cued up to smash that over long off. But it's off the bat's inside, and ricochets right onto his boots;
14.1;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run overpitched on off, and drilled over the non-striker to long off;
14.1;1w;Shadab to Short, 1 wide length ball outside off, and the googly goes further away;
13.6;?;Hasan Ali to Marsh, no run length ball on middle, and defended off the back foot to the bowler;
13.5;?;Hasan Ali to Marsh, no run almost chopped on! Tries to cut, but too near his body. Takes the inside of his bat and bounces over the stumps;
13.4;1;Hasan Ali to Short, 1 run good length on middle, and pulled off the back foot to deep square leg. They jog across for one;
13.3;?;Hasan Ali to Short, no run length ball on middle, and he tries to flick towards the leg side. Leading edge to cover;
13.2;?;Hasan Ali to Short, no run good length on middle, and zipping away after hitting the deck. Misses the flick towards the leg side, and the ball goes to Saifi on the bounce;
13.1;1;Hasan Ali to Marsh, 1 run good length on off, and punched off the back foot to long off;
12.6;?;Hafeez to Short, no run length ball on off, but skidding into Short. Too close to his body for the cut, but somehow manages to make contact. Dribbles away to point;
12.5;1;Hafeez to Marsh, 1 run length ball on middle, and spinning into Marsh. Flat-batted to long on for a single;
12.4;?;Hafeez to Marsh, no run wider from the professor. Length ball outside off, and slapped in front of square to cover;
12.3;6;Hafeez to Marsh, SIX runs straight as an arrow! Full on middle, and he backs away to make some room. Then swings straight like a golf swing;
12.2;1;Hafeez to Short, 1 run good length outside off. Spinning away from Short, and punched to wide long off. Pakistan won't mind these;
12.1;1;Hafeez to Marsh, 1 run full on leg, nad he walks down the ground before smashing this to long on for another single;
11.6;1;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 1 run good length on off, and drilled off the back foot to long on. They jog across for one. Marsh will keep strike;
11.5;1;Usman Shinwari to Short, 1 run good length on off, and thumped off the back foot past the non-striker. Long on attacks the ball and ensures there's no second;
11.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run full outside off stump, and pushed with soft hands to mid off. He wants a single, but the fielder is quick to pounce onto it;
11.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Short, no run over the wicket on off, and punched off the back foot. Straight to cover, but off the bat's middle;
11.2;1;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off, and he pulls this square forcing the man in the deep to run across the boundary and intercept;
11.1;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run length ball from round the wicket. He covers the off stump, and blocks to cover;
10.6;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on off stump, and he check-drives past the non-striker to long on;
10.5;1;Shadab to Short, 1 run full just outside off, and driven with soft hands to cover off the front foot;
10.4;?;Shadab to Short, no run full on middle, and smacked back to Shadab. The bowler gets his hands towards the ball, but it's popped out after hitting the palm;
10.3;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run length ball on middle, and he backs away to drill a pulled shot to deep midwicket;
10.2;?;Shadab to Marsh, no run length ball outside off, and turning further away. Cut off the back foot to point;
10.1;W;Shadab to Maxwell, OUT straight to long on! Backs away and tries to thump a full-pitched ball into the stands, but it's come off the bat's toe-end, and it doesn't have the power to go beyond the boundary;Glenn Maxwell c Shoaib Malik b Shadab Khan 4 (8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
9.6;2;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 2 runs full outside off stump, and driven uppishly through the covers with the angled bat. Enough time to jog back for the second;
9.5;2;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 2 runs length ball outside off, and carved off the back foot to deep point. They jog across;
9.4;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run full on off, and Marsh chooses to defend this towards cover once again;
9.3;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run full ball angling in, and firmly fended off the front foot;
9.2;?;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, no run driven off the front foot to cover;
9.1;2;Usman Shinwari to Marsh, 2 runs right into the blockhole, squeezed to deep midwicketr;
9.1;2nb;Usman Shinwari to Maxwell, (no ball) 1 run oversteps with a length ball that has been pushed to mid-on. First free-hit of the series coming up;
8.6;1lb;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 leg bye looks to work this square, deflects off the pad int the leg side.;
8.5;1;Imad Wasim to Marsh, 1 run punched to sweeper cover for an easy single;
8.4;?;Imad Wasim to Marsh, no run length ball pushed through on off, squirted to point. Would've been bowled had he missed;
8.3;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run makes room and slices this over cover for a single;
8.2;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run slider that cramps him for room as he tries to work this to the leg side, hit on the body.;
8.1;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run beaten by sharp turn as he tries to drive, superb from Imad. Rarely beats a batsman in flight.;
7.6;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run makes room and bunts this towards point.;
7.5;1;Shadab to Marsh, 1 run slider which he punches to wide long-off to get off the mark;
7.4;W;Shadab to McDermott, OUT eased with the spin to cover, takes off for a run even though the non-striker stopped after taking a couple of steps. By the time McDermott turned back, it was curtains. Three run outs, oh dear. You surely don't want to build a reputation this early in your career for all the wrong reasons, Australia in real trouble now.;Ben McDermott run out (Babar Azam/?Sarfaraz Ahmed) 21 (20b 2x4 1x6) SR: 105;
7.3;1;Shadab to Maxwell, 1 run cut away to sweeper cover, off the mark.;
7.2;1;Shadab to McDermott, 1 run works this towards deep midwicket for an easy single;
7.1;W;Shadab to Lynn, OUT swept from outside off against the turn, but he only manages to hole out to deep midwicket. Fetched it from way outside off, no timing and he ended up dragging this. Poor choice of shot there. Wicket off his first delivery for Shadab and the game is back in the balance.;Chris Lynn c Faheem Ashraf b Shadab Khan 15 (13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 115.38;
6.6;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run worked into the gap on the leg side.;
6.5;1;Imad Wasim to McDermott, 1 run punched into the gap at wide long-off;
6.4;4;Imad Wasim to McDermott, FOUR runs reverse paddle, gets it very fine and he beats short third man. Imad bowled this a touch full, had a lot of pace which the batsman merely used.;
6.3;?;Imad Wasim to McDermott, no run makes room and forces this straight to point.;
6.2;?;Imad Wasim to McDermott, no run defends this back towards the bowler;
6.1;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run swept fiercely to deep square where Hasan Ali makes a royal mess because he didn't pick the ball early.;
5.6;?;Hasan Ali to McDermott, no run leans forward and bunts this to cover.;
5.5;6;Hasan Ali to McDermott, SIX runs class, quality, brute power, muscle and what else. Dropped short again, McDermott picked the length and swatted this away to clear deep midwicket;
5.4;?;Hasan Ali to McDermott, no run defends this back to the bowler.;
5.3;4;Hasan Ali to McDermott, FOUR runs short-arm jab, one bounce to the midwicket fence. Superb timing, immense bottom-handed power;
5.2;?;Hasan Ali to McDermott, no run walks across and bunts this length delivery to point;
5.1;?;Hasan Ali to McDermott, no run stands tall and punches to mid-off;
4.6;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run was looking for a slog, the bowler fired it full and straight. Lynn was fully overbalanced as he tried to squeeze out the yorker. Managed to somehow. Can afford a wry smile now, wouldn't have had he been trapped plumb in front.;
4.5;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run flicked but can't pierce the gap, straight to square leg. Made himself room, Imad followed him;
4.4;1;Imad Wasim to McDermott, 1 run works this down to long-on;
4.3;2;Imad Wasim to McDermott, 2 runs drifting down leg, he uses the pace to tickle this past short fine. Shinwari with the chase, too straight, easily done.;
4.2;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run excellent stop at point to keep this down to a single;
4.1;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run mistimes the sweep, one bounce to short fine leg;
3.6;?;Faheem to McDermott, no run punched back to the bowler, who stops it on his followthrough.;
3.5;3;Faheem to Lynn, 3 runs punched into the gap at point, the fielder dives over the ball and they scamper back for the third as the ball trickles towards the boundary ropes.;
3.4;4;Faheem to Lynn, FOUR runs this one's been helped along the way to the deep square fence. Length, angling in and he had a hoick at this, got a thick inside edge. Into the vacant spaces.;
3.3;1lb;Faheem to McDermott, 1 leg bye looks to whip this square, but the ball veers in to hit the thigh pad and deflect to short fine.;
3.2;?;Faheem to McDermott, no run gets half a stride in as he defends to short cover.;
3.1;?;Faheem to McDermott, no run punches this hard length ball to cover;
2.6;4;Hafeez to Lynn, FOUR runs steps out and squeezes the drive into the gap between cover and mid-off, superb timing even though he got too close to the pitch of the delivery.;
2.5;?;Hafeez to Lynn, no run makes room, exposes stumps and cuts to point;
2.4;1;Hafeez to McDermott, 1 run worked with the spin wide of mid-on for an easy single;
2.3;1;Hafeez to Lynn, 1 run stands tall and punches this length delivery to the edge of the ring at cover;
2.2;1;Hafeez to McDermott, 1 run works this with the spin to mid-on for a quick single;
2.1;W;Hafeez to Carey, OUT leading edge and it lobs to midwicket. Dolly of a catch. Hafeez drifts this in from round the stumps, Carey looked to nudge this into the leg side, closed the bat face early. This one just stopped on him a touch. Pakistan right back into this.;Alex Carey c Faheem Ashraf b Mohammad Hafeez 20 (9b 2x4 2x6) SR: 222.22;
1.6;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run good stop off his own bowling, hit hard, put his right hand out on his followthrough to stop that.;
1.5;W;Faheem to Finch, OUT he's lofted this straight to mid-on. Looked to clear the infield but got this low on the bat, Hafeez moved low to his right to complete the catch.;Aaron Finch c Mohammad Hafeez b Faheem Ashraf 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.4;2lb;Faheem to Finch, 2 leg byes steps out but the bowler shortens his length and gets it to nip back. The ball deflects off the body towards the man coming in from third man. Excellent running to pinch two leg byes. Lazy effort from Usman Khan Shinwari;
1.3;1lb;Faheem to Carey, 1 leg bye off the pad to the square leg region. Beaten for pace as he trued to tuck it away.;
1.2;?;Faheem to Carey, no run length ball closer to the stumps, defended back.;
1.1;1;Faheem to Finch, 1 run pushed into the gap between cover and point;
0.6;?;Imad Wasim to Carey, no run pushes this length ball on middle, defended back.;
0.5;4;Imad Wasim to Carey, FOUR runs paddled to beat short fine leg, excellent work at deep backward square by Asif Ali. Umpires checking to see if he touched the rope while pulling the ball back. Umpire isn't convinced there was a full release off the ball as he touched the skirting.;
0.4;6;Imad Wasim to Carey, SIX runs down on one knee as he slogs this with the spin to clear wide long-on. Imad went back to over the wicket and tossed it wide, Carey reached out, got underneath the flight and swung it away.;
0.3;6;Imad Wasim to Carey, SIX runs picks the bones out of this pull, beats deep midwicket. Too short, he picked the length early and gave this a wallop.;
0.2;4;Imad Wasim to Carey, FOUR runs brings out the reverse, gets it past short third man. This was a touch short, he did well to get enough bat on it.;
0.1;?;Imad Wasim to Carey, no run slider on the stumps, defended.;

9.30pm Welcome back. We're not too far away from the second innings. Two failed chases so far for Australia. Can they turn things around tonight? The target could've been so much more but they've done superbly well to keep it down to 150. Momentum certainly with Australia. Let's see how they approach this. Carey, and not Short, to open with Finch. Interesting move. Imad Wasim, predictably, has the new ball.
Syed: "For those saying we are short. Pakistan has defended between 140-150 twice this series. Bowling should win the game assuming Aussies dont go off. "
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Dubai (DSC), Oct 28 2018, Pakistan v Australia
150/5
117
Player of the match is Shadab Khan, PAK
Pakistan won by 33 runs
