Data
4.35pm Australia would've taken this at the toss, but it could've been so much better at 57 for 5. Pakistan's recovery was led by debutant Fakhar Zaman and captain Sarfraz Ahmed, who put together 147. Then both fell on 94 to Marnus Labuschagne's legspin to expose the tail. Yasir Shah walloped his way to a useful 28 to give Pakistan's total some fillip. There is sharp turn but consistent bounce, and batsmen will have to apply themselves to make runs. Australia will have to bat for seven overs. Join us again in five minutes.
80.6;W;Starc to Abbas, OUT castles him with a delightful yorker that hits middle of middle. The batsman was perhaps expecting a bouncer, but completely froze as he saw his coming furiously fast at his toes. Missed it completely and heard the stumps rattle. Too good, a Starc special.;Mohammad Abbas b Starc 10 (22b 0x4 1x6) SR: 45.45;
80.5;4b;Starc to Abbas, 4 byes wayward delivery, useful runs. Ball got stuck into his finger perhaps, so the execution came all wrong. Slipped it so far down leg that even Tim Paine, with a full stretch dive, couldn't get anywhere near the ball.;
80.4;?;Starc to Abbas, no run sways out of the way of this short of length delivery angling away;
80.3;?;Starc to Abbas, no run late swing back in, length is yorker length, he jams his bat down to keep that away.;
80.2;?;Starc to Abbas, no run feels for a length ball angling away, beaten.;
80.1;?;Starc to Abbas, no run full and swinging back in from over the stumps, defended back.;
79.6;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run sharp turn but Hamza is well forward as he smothers this.;
79.5;1;Labuschagne to Abbas, 1 run steers this short delivery into the gap at point;
79.4;1;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, 1 run worked with the spin to fine leg.;
79.3;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run shows the full face as he punches this shortish delivery back.;
79.2;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run squeezes the drive back to the bowler.;
79.1;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run shortens his length and bowls this on middle, comfortably defended.;
78.6;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run shortens his length, goes back into the crease and defends.;
78.5;6;Lyon to Abbas, SIX runs clean strike, big strike, huge strike! Sees this tossed up and can't hold himself back. Reached out and has a whack to comfortably clear long-on. Held pose for the camera afterwards. What swag;
78.4;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run too full, he gets the bat well in front of the pad to keep that away.;
78.3;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run well forward as he smothers this tossed up delivery.;
78.2;1lb;Lyon to Mir Hamza, 1 leg bye has a big heave but gets a thick inside edge to square leg. Looked to belt this over cow corner.;
78.1;?;Lyon to Mir Hamza, no run drifts in and skids through, Hamza is well forward as he defends.;
45.6;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run straighter and fuller on off, pushed to cover.;
45.5;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run jabs at this as there's extra bounce, Sarfraz surprised by it. Lobs behind point as they take a single;
45.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run driven firmly but straight to extra cover. Did everything right though. Got as close to the pitch as possible.;
45.3;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run reaches out to drive but ends up dabbing it gently.;
45.2;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run hit on the pad as he attempts a sweep, but did well to get outside the line of the stumps. Played too early;
45.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run shortish on middle from wide of the crease, defended to the leg side;
44.6;?;Holland to Zaman, no run shows the full face of the bat in playing this to midwicket.;
44.5;?;Holland to Zaman, no run eases this gently with the spin to short midwicket.;
44.4;?;Holland to Zaman, no run fired full on the stumps, defended back;
44.3;?;Holland to Zaman, no run nice flight, lands this around off stump, Fakhar lunges forward and smothers this nicely.;
44.2;?;Holland to Zaman, no run punches this short delivery back to the bowler.;
44.1;?;Holland to Zaman, no run goes right back into the crease as he defends this shortish delivery.;
77.6;1;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, 1 run worked with the spin to fine leg, don't think he intended it to that fine though.;
77.5;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run lunges forward and smothers this tossed up delivery.;
77.4;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run right on top of the bounce as he turns this to short leg.;
77.3;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run defends into the leg side with the spin.;
77.2;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run sharp turn back in from outside off, defended back.;
77.1;?;Labuschagne to Mir Hamza, no run slides a full delivery across Hamza, who squeezes the drive to backward point.;
76.6;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run lunges forward and blocks this tossed up delivery.;
76.5;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run beaten by the turn as he plays inside the line, didn't spin back enough though.;
76.4;2;Lyon to Abbas, 2 runs gutsy! Reverse sweep, but he's completely off balance, head all over the place as he makes contact. Rolls wide of short third man. Coach Mickey Arthur can't control his laughter;
76.3;?;Lyon to Abbas, no run flatter delivery on a length outside off, defended from the crease.;
76.2;1;Lyon to Mir Hamza, 1 run thick inside edge again to this lofted hit, falls short of mid-on.;
76.1;?;Lyon to Mir Hamza, no run slides back in to roll off an inside edge to short leg as he defends.;
43.6;3;Lyon to Zaman, 3 runs too short, enough width as Fakhar punches this into the gap between sweeper cover and long-off. With that, these two raise their 100 partnership as well;
43.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run spins away from a length outside off, steered to backward point.;
43.4;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run chips this uppishly into the gap at midwicket;
43.3;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run spins back into middle from wide of the crease,Sarfraz smothers this nicely.;
43.2;2;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 2 runs drawn forward by the length, but he gets a thick outside edge to this forward push. Races past short third man and they'll take two more.;
43.1;2;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 2 runs gentle little dab past short third man as they pinch two more. Very tactful batting this from Sarfraz;
42.6;?;Holland to Zaman, no run flatter one on middle and leg, tucked to square leg.;
42.5;?;Holland to Zaman, no run gets right to the pitch of the ball and works this with the spin to short midwicket;
42.4;?;Holland to Zaman, no run spins back in to hit the pad and lob into the leg side. Holland slowed it down very nicely that time.;
42.3;1;Holland to Sarfaraz, 1 run driven to mid-off as they scamper a quick single.;
42.2;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run eased with the spin to extra cover;
42.1;4;Holland to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs width and he's cut this away quite beautifully behind point. There was a desperate dive, but he failed to get his hand on that.;
41.6;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run tossed up with more over spin than side spin that causes some bounce, he's back and dabbing to short third man;
41.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run looped up, 82kph, spinning into off, he defends watchfully on the front foot;
41.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run backs away early, Lyon tucks him up on leg stump and he's forced to defend from the crease;
41.3;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run shorter and spinning down leg, he tries to flick fine but can't catch up with it;
41.2;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run tossed up on off, he stretches forward and defends;
41.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run quick and flat on off, from over the wicket again, he pushes firmly back to the bowler;
40.6;2;Starc to Zaman, 2 runs back of a length outside off, he's up on his toes and driving through cover and they run well for a couple;
40.5;?;Starc to Zaman, no run back of a length, 136kph, he stands to attention in his crease and defends again with the full face;
40.4;?;Starc to Zaman, no run good length, middle stump line, he stands up on the front foot to defend to the bowler;
40.3;1;Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run shorter ball on middle, he rolls the wrists with a controlled pull, not aggressive at all, but places it through square leg;
40.3;1nb;Starc to Sarfaraz, (no ball) oversteps half-volley outside off, he drives but it's not well timed, straight to cover. Starc was clearly over the line;
40.2;2;Starc to Sarfaraz, 2 runs the new bat is a beauty, he plays a lovely back foot drive through cover point as Starc offers width again;
40.1;?;Starc to Sarfaraz, no run good length fourth stump, he defends on the front foot into the off side;
39.6;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run drifting into middle this time, he's forward to defend back to the bowler;
39.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run shorter and wider, he lazily tries to dab it away and mistimes to point;
39.4;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run tossed up higher on off, 85kph, he stretches out to defend back to Lyon;
39.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run lovely drift in to off stump, not much turn, he's forward defending;
39.2;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run shorter on off, he's back and dabbing late to wide third man and quite literally walks the single. Did not run at all;
39.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run around the wicket, pitching outside leg, he tries to whip with the turn but is hit on the pad outside leg;
38.6;?;Starc to Zaman, no run good length off stump, 140kph, he's defending from the crease with hard hands into cover-point;
38.5;?;Starc to Zaman, no run back of a length, 142kph, leg stump line, he defends with the full face this time to mid on;
38.4;?;Starc to Zaman, no run short ball, cramped him, hurried him, he closed the face defending, it popped up off a leading edge but falls safely;
38.3;?;Starc to Zaman, no run full tailing down leg, it hits him on the pad, he misses out trying to whip it square;
38.2;?;Starc to Zaman, no run good length on off stump, 137kph, he's pushing from the crease to cover;
38.1;?;Starc to Zaman, no run back of a length, 135kph, leg stump line, he stands up and tucks this to forward square leg;
37.6;1;Lyon to Zaman, 1 run drifts into leg stump, he goes with the drift and clips this neatly to deep square leg;
37.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run nearly caught behind! This was full outside off and he chose to cut, it stayed a touch low as he played over it;
37.4;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run quicker and very full, drifting into the foot as he sweeps but it was drifting down leg. No appeal;
37.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run good length, a bit of turn, he's back and defending from the crease to cover;
37.2;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run tossed up outside off, full, he reaches out and defends into the off side;
37.1;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run Sarfraz backs away well outside leg early, he follows to leg stump and he cuts through cover;
36.6;?;Starc to Zaman, no run 134kph bouncer, he was quick to pick up the length, ducked underneath it safely;
36.5;?;Starc to Zaman, no run good length outside off, again he frees the arms and tries to hammer this but picks out a short cover in place;
36.5;1nb;Starc to Zaman, (no ball) he oversteps it's full and straight and he pushes to mid on;
36.4;4;Starc to Zaman, FOUR runs short and wide and hammered through cover-point! Freebie from Starc and he cashes in, he was up on his toes and thrashing this on top of the bounce away to the rope;
36.3;?;Starc to Zaman, no run 139kph good length, middle stump line, he defends with the full face towards mid on;
36.2;?;Starc to Zaman, no run a hint of reverse shaping down leg, into the pads as he tries to whip and it rolls into the off side;
36.1;3;Starc to Sarfaraz, 3 runs good length outside off and he drives magnificently on the up with the angle through cover, this was sumptuous from Sarfraz;
35.6;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run firmly struck sweep from outside off, it hits the boot of short leg and rolls away to square leg;
35.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run around the wicket, leg stump, he tries to whip square, it scratches the edge onto pad but falls well wide of short leg;
35.4;1;Lyon to Zaman, 1 run a hint of turn outside off, he dabs it to cover-point with soft hands and a glance to Sarfraz sets them off for an easy single;
35.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run looped up on off stump, he reaches out and defends into the off side;
35.2;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run fuller length on off, he's back and cutting bravely off the stumps to point;
35.1;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run slightly shorter outside off, he late cuts with so much time to deep backward point;
34.6;4;Siddle to Zaman, FOUR runs glorious cover drive!This was imperious. Slightly full outside off, he got a huge stride in and drove through the line inside out and away to the cover fence. What a stroke. He's great to watch.;
34.5;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run short ball, over off stump, he drops his knees and lowers underneath it with his eyes watching the whole way past;
34.4;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run angled down leg, but he stays leg side trying to whip it away, he misses, strikes him on the pad but there's no appeal as it was going well down;
34.3;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run shorter length from around the wicket, off stump line, he stands up and defends off the back foot back to the bowler;
34.2;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run fuller length off stump, driven against the angle to point and Mitch Marsh makes an awkward but effective stop;
34.1;1;Siddle to Sarfaraz, 1 run strays to leg stump, full, turned away with ease to a wide fine leg;
33.6;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run looped up higher on middle, he pushes firmly with a straight bat back to the bowler;
33.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run tossed up, on off, he's forward to defend back to the bowler;
33.4;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run he's back to a ball that's not that short, cutting from close to the stumps straight to backward point;
33.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run tossed up on off stump, he defends back to the bowler;
33.2;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run he steps way outside leg before Lyon starts his run up, moves back to the stumps when he delivers, works with the spin wide of mid on.;
33.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run toosed up outside off, he defends on the front foot;
32.6;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run back of a length, 134kph, angled into leg stump, he tucks this to midwicket;
32.5;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run another bouncer, outside off, he arcs the back and sways underneath it easily;
32.4;2;Siddle to Zaman, 2 runs 129kph short ball outside off and he rides this nicely, getting on top of the bounce and running this past gully. Well played;
32.3;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run good length off stump, 136kph, he tries to drive off the length, grips a fraction hard with the bottom hand and drags it to mid on;
32.2;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run bouncer, 131kph, over leg stump, he ducked under it early and it flies through to Paine at waist high;
32.1;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run angled in towards off stump from around again, he drives with the angle and a flowing bat swing to mid on;
32.1;1nb;Siddle to Zaman, (no ball) he oversteps around the wicket, good length on off stump, he defends on the front foot;
31.6;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run nice loop and drop, 86kph, outside off, turning back, he's forward to smother the spin;
31.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run thrown up higher outside off, he reaches out positively and defends;
31.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run tossed up outside off, he defends on the front foot;
31.3;1;Lyon to Zaman, 1 run quite full on middle, again he's back and defending into the leg side to get one;
31.2;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run around the wicket, turning away from off, he defends from the crease;
31.1;3;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 3 runs slightly sort and he's back quick as a flash, making room and cutting past point for three more;
30.6;3;Siddle to Sarfaraz, 3 runs again caressed on the up through cover-point, lovely stroke, they run hard and he dives to get three;
30.5;2;Siddle to Sarfaraz, 2 runs flowing drive, nicely placed past point, fifty partnership for these two;
30.4;4;Siddle to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs edged trying to late cut but still four! Outside off, not that short, he trying to open the blade, but got a genuine edge and it flew through the vacant cordon and away;
30.3;?;Siddle to Sarfaraz, no run 134kph back of a length outside off, he's defending this into the off side, looking for one but it's not on;
30.2;4;Siddle to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs tickled fine down the leg side this time! He strays too straight and it is picked off with ease by Sarfraz who looks very good;
30.1;4;Siddle to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs delightful late cut past gully! Elegantly played here, this was wide and just a fraction short, he waits and dabs it away with a deft touch. It raced to the fence;
29.6;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run hammers a sweep hard from outside off, it hits Labuschagne on the side of the helmet! It bounces away safely behind square;
29.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run slightly higher and slower again on off, again he's forward and defending;
29.4;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run tossed up on off, he stretches out to defend;
29.3;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run shorter outside off, he bunts this against the spin into the off side;
29.2;4;Lyon to Sarfaraz, FOUR runs launches this two bounces over deep midwicket! Down the track again, lofted hard with the turn into the vacant expanses on the fence. Good stroke;
29.1;2;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 2 runs down the track and swings hard lofts it head height through a vacant forward square leg and forces the sweeper to come around;
28.6;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run fuller length 133kph, middle and off, he moves aggressively into a drive but holds his shape hitting it to mid on;
28.5;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run good length outside off, he plants his feet and barely moves them, just chops this calmly to backward point;
28.4;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run hits him on the pad but angling way down leg. The Australians abort the appeal almost as soon as it started to come from their throats;
28.3;?;Siddle to Zaman, no run around the wicket, 130kph, good length right at off stump, he's forward to defend towards mid on;
28.2;1;Siddle to Sarfaraz, 1 run full outside off, he droves fluently to cover and runs with the stroke as Starc is very deep at cover-point;
28.1;1;Siddle to Zaman, 1 run around the wicket, half-volley on leg stump first up and he clips this easily away to deep square leg;
27.6;3;Lyon to Zaman, 3 runs tossed up higher outside off, he plays a lovely square drive that really races away and Starc leaves his run late to just haul it in inches from the rope;
27.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run shorter and wider, cut straight to point;
27.4;2;Lyon to Zaman, 2 runs shorter, it sits up and he pushes firmly off the back foot through cover. Fifty on debut for Zaman!;
27.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run around the wicket, quicker, drifting into off, he defends off the pitch from the crease;
27.2;3;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 3 runs shorter length, he's back quickly giving room and cutting nicely through the space infront of point and they run well;
27.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run tossed up 82kph, off stump, he stretches forward to defend smothering the spin;
26.6;4;Holland to Zaman, FOUR runs too short and he punches this into the cover boundary to go to lunch on 49. He picked the length very early again, tired over this from Holland. That's lunch on day one;
26.5;1;Holland to Sarfaraz, 1 run drifts in short, onto middle and leg, worked with the angle to deep square leg.;
26.4;1;Holland to Zaman, 1 run punches this tossed up delivery down to long-on for an easy single.;
26.3;?;Holland to Zaman, no run sharp turn back into middle and leg, defended towards short leg.;
26.2;4;Holland to Zaman, FOUR runs drops short, he makes room and slaps this into the cover boundary. When runs are hard to come by, you need to take every opportunity and that's exactly what Fakhar is doing.;
26.1;?;Holland to Zaman, no run shortish on middle, Fakhar goes right back into the crease and defends.;
25.6;1;Lyon to Zaman, 1 run punches this shortish delivery down the ground.;
25.5;4;Lyon to Zaman, FOUR runs rocks back and punches this short ball to the cover boundary. This was short, asking to be hit and Fakhar put it where it belonged. Didn't hit this too hard, just pure timing and solid placement. Picked the length very early that time.;
25.4;2;Lyon to Zaman, 2 runs prods forward to get a thick outside edge, this races past short third man and they'll take two.;
25.3;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run rolls off a thick inside edge to short leg. Wanted a single but is sent back;
25.2;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run flight and turn from middle, he gets a long way forward and smothers this.;
25.1;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run drifts in and skids on to hit the pad as Fakhar attempts to work this into the leg side.;
24.6;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run gets forward a long way and blocks.;
24.5;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run mistimes this whip to mid-on. It was a full toss asking to be hit, scoring opportunity missed.;
24.4;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run sharp turn off a length on middle, defended.;
24.3;2;Holland to Sarfaraz, 2 runs driven inside-out with the spin into the gap at extra cover, back comfortably for the second.;
24.2;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run driven on the up to Khawaja at point, nearly beat him in the drive. Excellent bowling this;
24.1;?;Holland to Sarfaraz, no run steers this towards point, length on the shorter side.;
23.6;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run lunges a long way forward and smothers this.;
23.5;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run goes back into the crease and bunts this into the off side;
23.4;?;Lyon to Zaman, no run right behind the line in defence;
23.3;1;Lyon to Sarfaraz, 1 run makes a bit of room and bunts this into the covers looking for a quick single. Fakhar is late to respond but he has to really hare across as the throw is fired quickly to Paine. A direct hit may have had him. Fakhar's bat was in the air as he put in the dive but managed to graze the turf a split-second before the bails came off. Very very close, phew. Pakistan would breathe a sigh of relief.;
23.2;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run gets a long way forward and across as he smothers it.;
23.1;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run beats the forward prod to hit the pad, sharp turn.;
22.6;?;Holland to Zaman, no run fired full on the stumps, Fakhar shows the full face of the bat in defence.;
22.5;?;Holland to Zaman, no run whips this uppishly but on the bounce to square leg. He just shortened his length a touch;
22.4;?;Holland to Zaman, no run beaten by the skid, lobs off a leading edge but wide of the slip fielder. Wanted to work it with the spin into the midwicket region.;
22.3;?;Holland to Zaman, no run gets a long way forward and smothers this very nicely.;
22.2;?;Holland to Zaman, no run sharp turn back in to beat his forward prod and hit him high on the left pad.;
22.1;?;Holland to Zaman, no run pitched on middle and leg, defended from the crease.;
21.6;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and works this into the leg side.;
21.5;?;Lyon to Sarfaraz, no run gets a long way forward and defends with soft hands.;
21.4;W;Lyon to Babar Azam, OUT what a ball, they're imploding sensationally and this is a poor shot that isn't going to earn him any credit as he walks back. Mickey Arthur is furious. Perfectly pitched. There's a lot of flight from outside off, Babar steps out to drive inside out but is beaten by the dip and turn. He leaves a huge gap between bat and pad, the ball breaks in to beat his swing and crash into the stumps. Lyon can't believe what he's just seen. Sensational morning, a morning of madness. Pakistan are committing hara-kiri. Pakistan have now lost four wickets in six deliveries for no runs;Babar Azam b Lyon 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.3;?;Lyon to Babar Azam, no run gets well outside the line of the stumps and smothers this.;
21.2;W;Lyon to Shafiq, OUT has this lobbed off an inside edge to short leg? Australia have reviewed. S Ravi was firm in saying not-out. Let's see. There's turn, sharp one at that and there's a very slight deflection onto the pad off an inside edge, or so it appeared. Even before the catch was taken, Paine was pretty sure there was a thin edge. Snicko says there was clearly a spike and so Australia have three wickets in four balls. Excellent decision to go for the review. Could've been a tricky one considering they've already lost one, but they went with it and now stand vindicated. Real trouble for Pakistan.;Asad Shafiq c Labuschagne b Lyon 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.1;?;Lyon to Shafiq, no run lunges forward and defends towards short leg. Avoided.;
20.6;?;Holland to Zaman, no run driven but straight to extra cover. Nice flight once again from Holland. Much better start from him here than in Dubai. Pakistan have their backs to the wall and it will need a special effort to wriggle out of this. Who is out to save them?;
20.5;?;Holland to Zaman, no run shortens his length just a touch, but gives it plenty of revs. He's looking for some bounce and fizz, but there's not much this time. Defended.;
20.4;?;Holland to Zaman, no run gets right to the pitch of the ball and defends this with soft hands into the leg side.;
20.3;?;Holland to Zaman, no run nice flight, lands this on middle, Fakhar gets a long way forward and blocks;
20.2;?;Holland to Zaman, no run short delivery that drifts away and skids through, Fakhar is beaten on the cut shot.;
20.1;?;Holland to Zaman, no run tossed up on middle, Fakhar gets a long way forward and smothers this nicely.;
19.6;W;Lyon to Haris Sohail, OUT this is a sensational catch at silly point and Lyon is on a hat-trick. Sohail is gone for a first-ball duck. There's drift and bounce from middle, Sohail jabs at this, goes straight off the face of the bat and this is an excellent reflex-action catch by Travis Head. Trouble for Pakistan. What a morning this is turning out to be for Australia.;Haris Sohail c Head b Lyon 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;W;Lyon to Azhar Ali, OUT this time Azhar is gone, and it's flight from Lyon that has done him in! He was looking to step out and drive against the turn inside-out, didn't get to the pitch, defeated by the dip and only managed to get a thick inside edge as the bat face turned in his hand. Lyon wasn't going to miss that dolly. Azhar Ali's poor run continues. An opportunity went begging in the previous over, not this time around.;Azhar Ali c & b Lyon 15 (48b 2x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
19.4;?;Lyon to Azhar Ali, no run turns this from a length outside off to short leg.;
19.3;1;Lyon to Zaman, 1 run worked across the line towards mid-on for a quick single, touch short, the batsman had enough time to get onto the backfoot.;
19.2;2;Lyon to Zaman, 2 runs drifts in and spins away to roll off a thick outside edge past slip, they run two to bring up the half-century stand Things are happening here for the spinners, Lyon shouldn't be too disappointed.;
19.1;1;Lyon to Azhar Ali, 1 run gets outside the line of the stumps and sweeps with the spin to deep square leg.;
18.6;?;Holland to Zaman, no run length on the stumps, defended gently.;
18.5;?;Holland to Zaman, no run oh, dear. Labuschagne has put down a catch at midwicket. . Holland beat Fakhar in flight, got this to dip and it looked like the batsman checked his flick. This was just a simple lob and he should've done better than that. Straight in and out as it was dying on him. Should've been taken. Holland is pretty upset;
18.4;?;Holland to Zaman, no run are they going for a review? Sharp turn that defeats Fakhar's forward prod, the question was if it lobbed off an inside edge onto the pad and then to the keeper. They think about it for a while and decide against it;
18.3;2;Holland to Zaman, 2 runs tucked into the gap at deep square. Starc had to run in a long way from deep midwicket, better running this time. Sensed the opportunity rather than switch off seeing Starc.;
18.2;2;Holland to Zaman, 2 runs goes back into the crease, makes room and steers this into the gap behind point. Should've been three though, lazy running.;
18.1;?;Holland to Zaman, no run spins back in to roll off an inside edge to the leg side as Fakhar plays forward;

Spin from the other end as well. Here's Jon Holland with his left-arm spin.
 Innings Start
Australia's miserable innings comes to an end 137 behind Pakistan's first innings total. Abbas was superb and thoroughly deserved his five wicket haul. Sreshth Shah will take over the commentary when Pakistan resume.
Innings break
Career best figures in Tests for Mohammad Abbas. Australia all out.
50.4;W;Abbas to Starc, OUT brilliant yorker, he jams the bat down, there's a LBW appeal! Umpire says not out. Pakistan review. They think it hit the foot first. The slow motion replay has the ball sneaking under the bat. The third umpire confirms it has gone under the bat. It hit the back foot flush after that. Ball tracking has it crashing into the base of middle and leg. The decision will be overturned. Starc is out.;Mitchell Starc lbw b Mohammad Abbas 34 (45b 1x4 2x6) SR: 75.55;
50.3;?;Abbas to Starc, no run short ball, outside off, he rides the bounce and runs it away into the gully;
50.2;?;Abbas to Starc, no run short ball, 124kph, from around the wicket, he sways underneath it as it goes through to Sarfraz;
50.1;2;Abbas to Starc, 2 runs good length, driven on the up through cover, nice stroke and the sweeper comes around to collect it;
49.6;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run looped higher, he watches from the crease and drops the bat on the ball with soft hands to defend;
49.5;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run tossed up, back of a length, he defends from deep in the crease;
49.4;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run off break, pitching outside and spinning back, he's back to defend;
49.3;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run tossed up outside off, he stretches forward to defend;
49.2;1;Bilal Asif to Starc, 1 run shorter length, he's back and pushing this towards long on;
49.1;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run he tosses this up outside off and it's defended;
48.6;1;Abbas to Starc, 1 run back of a length outside off, 132kph, he caresses this from the crease out to deep point;
48.5;?;Abbas to Starc, no run he hits a length, back into off, he defends back to the bowler;
48.4;1;Abbas to Holland, 1 run good length, 136kph, he gets an inside edge that runs fine to fine leg;
48.3;?;Abbas to Holland, no run short ball, goes away off the seam, he drops his hands underneath it and lets it go through to Sarfraz;
48.2;?;Abbas to Holland, no run back of a length, 128kph, outside off, he's up on his toes and pushing away from his body to cover;
48.1;?;Abbas to Holland, no run 133kph, good length outside off, he pushes off the front foot to cover;
47.6;1;Yasir Shah to Holland, 1 run shorter outside off, he's driving off the back foot down to long off;
47.5;?;Yasir Shah to Holland, no run flatter outside off, he's back and defending into the off side;
47.4;1lb;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 leg bye huge appeal for LBW! Not out. Pakistan call for a review. This was a leg break, pushed through from around the wicket, he played from the crease, it zipped past the inside edge, ball tracking has it missing leg stump. Good decision. It ran off the pad and they did run a leg bye before the review was taken;
47.3;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run quicker and flatter, he's back and defending into the off side;
47.2;6;Yasir Shah to Starc, SIX runs slog sweep over deep midwicket! This was the wrong up outside off, he got a bit of the top edge on the slog sweep but it flies miles over the fence;
47.1;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run around the wicket, shorter leg break that stayed a touch low, he's back and defending with the bottom of the bat;
46.6;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run looped up outside off, he strides forward and defends on the front foot;
46.5;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run tossed up on off, he stretches forward to defend;
46.4;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run shorter and straighter, tucked to midwicket;
46.3;?;Bilal Asif to Holland, no run beaten playing for spin that wasn't there! It was outside off he was defending but it went straight on;
46.2;W;Bilal Asif to Lyon, OUT bowled him! Clean bowled, knocking off stump out of the ground! This was tossed up slower outside off, he was deceived for pace as he tried to sweep again off balance, he was through the shot, missed it and it crashed into off stump and flattened it.;Nathan Lyon b Bilal Asif 2 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
46.1;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run tossed up off break, on off, he turns it with the spin behind square;
45.6;1;Yasir Shah to Lyon, 1 run leg break outside off, he sweeps off the toe of the bat and it rolls to midwicket;
45.5;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run tossed up outside off, another slog sweep of sorts flat down to long on;
45.4;1;Yasir Shah to Lyon, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives to deep cover-point with the turn;
45.3;?;Yasir Shah to Lyon, no run drifting in to middle, not much turn, he pushes on the front foot to mid on;
45.2;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run big swipe at this with the turn and hits it hard and flat on the bounce to long on;
45.1;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run around the wicket, short outside off, spinning back, he's back and defending;
44.6;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run sweeps again from outside off, hits it straight into the man at short leg. No damage done.;
44.5;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run flatter and quicker and he defends from the crease;
44.4;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run full toss, he sweeps and gets a little bottom edge off the glove;
44.3;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run sweeps hard again but straight to the man at backward square;
44.2;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run tossed up outside off, sweeps hard but straight to backward square;
44.1;?;Bilal Asif to Lyon, no run tossed up off break, outside off, he's forward and defending to mid on;
43.6;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run around the wicket, looped up leg break, spinning, it hits him on the pad as he plays from the crease but the appeal is aborted as it was going down leg;
43.5;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run shorter length, leg break on middle, he's back and pushing back to the bowler;
43.4;W;Yasir Shah to Starc, OUT tossed up very full, driven back to the bowler, Yasir knocks it onto the non-strikers stumps and appeals, and there's a review for a run out. Yasir touched it onto the stumps and Labuschagne didn't ground his bat!! He might be out. He is out! What a mistake. It was driven back so slowly, he barely backed up, just needed to place his bat behind the crease, but didn't before it hit the stumps. That's incredible.;Marnus Labuschagne run out (Yasir Shah) 25 (49b 1x4 0x6) SR: 51.02;
43.3;1;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching with the vertical bat to deep cover-point;
43.2;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run tossed up on middle, he strides forward and defends with his eyes right over the ball;
43.1;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run over the wicket, leg break on middle, full, driven to long on;
42.6;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run flatter off break, on middle, he's back and defending from deep in the crease;
42.5;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run doosra, didn't pick, tried to turn the face to midwicket, leading edge falls safely on the off side;
42.4;1;Bilal Asif to Starc, 1 run yorker length outside off, he squeezes this with control through the vacant cover-point;
42.3;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run tossed very high and slower, reaches out in front of his pad and pushes off the thick outside edge to point;
42.2;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run flatter and quicker, on off, he defends from the crease;
42.1;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run flighted on off, not much turn, he's forward and defending with soft hands;
41.6;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run slightly shorter, it spins wide of off, he's back opening the face trying to run it fine of backward point but can't beat the man;
41.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run nicely flighted leg break, drifting into off, he's forward to defend with the full face;
41.4;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run slightly short and wide, he's back and cutting but straight to backward point;
41.3;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run lopped up again, he plays with control this time driving along the ground to long on;
41.2;6;Yasir Shah to Starc, SIX runs launches him over wide long on! Boom! Trademark from Starc. Tossed up high and his eyes lit up, he swung hard through the line and thumped it way over the boundary at wide long on. Serious hit;
41.1;2;Yasir Shah to Starc, 2 runs shorter outside off, he's back and waiting and punching nicely through cover against the spin;
40.6;1;Bilal Asif to Starc, 1 run drives uppishly but wide of cover out to the sweeper in the deep;
40.5;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run tossed up, outside off, he reaches out and pushes to cover;
40.4;1;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter length, spinning back to off, he's back on the back foot, waits for it and turns it with nice soft wrists through square leg;
40.3;1;Bilal Asif to Starc, 1 run looped up wide of off, he strides out and drives nicely to the man at deep cover;
40.2;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run tossed up, middle and off, he defends comfortably on the front foot;
40.1;3;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, 3 runs skips down and gets to the pitch and check drives inside out through the vacant covers. They run well for three. Great footwork from the youngster;
39.6;1;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 1 run tossed up and beautifully driven with the spin on the front foot through cover and Hafeez runs around again;
39.5;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run tossed up fuller, on off stump, he drives neatly down to long on;
39.4;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run lovely loop, drop and spin back from outside off, he's forward and defending off the inside half of the bat;
39.3;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run around the wicket, 79kph, leg break, full outside off, he drives easily to cover;
39.2;1;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter on middle, he's back and giving room and driving off the back foot through cover, splitting the two catching men;
39.1;2;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 2 runs short and wide again, he's back and cutting nicely through backward point and Hafeez has to run a long way from deep cover-point to make the sliding save;
38.6;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run flatter and quicker, just outside off, he's back and defending into the off side;
38.5;2;Bilal Asif to Starc, 2 runs tossed up high, tempting the drive, he is lured in, gets thick outside edge along the ground past second slip behind point;
38.4;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run good length, tighter to off, he defends from the crease;
38.3;4;Bilal Asif to Starc, FOUR runs short and wide and punched off the back foot to point and Abbas completely misses it! He ran straight over the top of it and it went for four;
38.2;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run shorter length, straighter one going on with the arm, he's back and working to mid on;
38.1;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run looped up on off, he strides out to defend on the front foot into the off side;
37.6;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run looped up on middle, he drives with ease towards cover;
37.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run tossed up on middle and off, he steps forward to defend;
37.4;1;Yasir Shah to Starc, 1 run slog sweep to deep square leg! This was tossed up and he got down on one knee and swung hard, didn't nail it and Hafeez fields on the rope;
37.3;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run shorter length, he's back and covering up in defence;
37.2;?;Yasir Shah to Starc, no run around the wicket, leg break spinning back in, he stretches out to defend;
37.1;1;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 1 run legbreak wide of off, he drives nicely out to a man stationed on the cover-point fence;
36.6;1;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, 1 run skips down the track to the length, turns it with the spin past midwicket;
36.5;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run shorter length, he props forward, rocks back and defends a ball that stays a touch low;
36.4;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run off break, pitching outside off, turning, hits the front pad but it's going well down leg;
36.3;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run flatter and full again, he works on the front foot to midwicket;
36.2;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run looped up on off, he stretches forward to defend, it spins off the thick inside edge to square leg;
36.1;1;Bilal Asif to Starc, 1 run off break outside off, pushed gently to cover-point and they pinch one to Abbas who is a slow moving to it. Sarfraz lets out some frustration at allowing one;
35.6;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run looped up on middle and off, full, he drives back to the bowler;
35.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run dragged down, on middle, he punches off the back foot to cover;
35.4;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run nice leg break, dipping on middle, he's forward and defending with his pad leg side of the ball;
35.3;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run looped up on middle, he drives with the turn to cover;
35.2;4;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, FOUR runs shorter and wider and cut away through point to the rope! Too short and wide, he was quick on his feet to get back and place it through point;
35.1;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run plays back to a full leg break, pushed with an open face to cover point;
34.6;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run shorter and it slides on with the arm, hits the pad and he plays back but it's sliding down leg;
34.5;?;Bilal Asif to Starc, no run tossed up outside off, he stretched forward to smother the spin;
34.4;W;Bilal Asif to Paine, OUT good length outside off, and spinning sharply into his pads! Extra bounce too, and Paine is trapped in front of the stumps. Ball hits his front leg, and the umpire raises his finger! Paine reviews after having a consultation with the non-striker. Definitely no bat. What does ball tracking say? It's clipping the outside of leg stump! So close, but Paine must make his way back.;Tim Paine lbw b Bilal Asif 3 (11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
34.3;?;Bilal Asif to Paine, no run extra flight outside off, and Paine walks down the ground to crunch a straight drive past the bowler's left;
34.2;?;Bilal Asif to Paine, no run full just outside off, and nudged off his pads to the leg side;
34.1;?;Bilal Asif to Paine, no run good length just outside off, and spinning into his body. Nudged off his pads towards the leg side;
33.6;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run flighted full on middle stump, and he drives with the angled bat to cover. Splices the shot actually;
33.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full on middle stump, and he lunges forward to defend;
33.4;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full outside off, and the straight drive is swatted back to Yasir. Mistimed on this occasion;
33.3;1;Yasir Shah to Paine, 1 run good length just outside off, and once again going straight through. Punched off the back foot to extra cover;
33.2;?;Yasir Shah to Paine, no run good length on off stump. Extra bounce from Yasir, and defended off the back foot;
33.1;?;Yasir Shah to Paine, no run full just outside off, and defended towards the bowler;
32.6;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off, and defended with the turn towards the non-striker;
32.5;1;Bilal Asif to Paine, 1 run full on off stump, and nudged off his toes to midwicket's right. Another run;
32.4;?;Bilal Asif to Paine, no run full just outside off, and defended off the front foot. Back to Bilal;
32.3;1;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, 1 run flighted on off, and he uses his wrists to flick it away to midwicket. No run;
32.2;1;Bilal Asif to Paine, 1 run full just outside off, and tapped with soft hands past the infielders on the off side. Gets off the mark;
32.1;?;Bilal Asif to Paine, no run good length outside off, and spinning away! Rocks back and cuts to Azhar at point;
31.6;2;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 2 runs full just outside off, and driven hard past Abbas at mid off. Chase for the fielder once again;
31.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full on off, and he tentatively plays this with the bat's open face. Defended past silly mid off;
31.4;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off, and turning away from Labuschagne. Defended;
31.3;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run good length on off stump, and he goes onto the back foot to cut this square to Azhar at point. A diving effort ensures the ball doesn't sneak through. Sarfraz runs to point to say 'good job';
31.2;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off, and pushed with the turn towards cover point;
31.1;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off, and pushed off the front foot to cover;
30.6;W;Bilal Asif to Finch, OUT taken at short leg! Finch is out. Full outside off, and he looks to nudge the incoming ball towards the leg side. Takes the glove, then hits his pads, and Fakhar dives to his left to complete the catch;Aaron Finch c Fakhar Zaman b Bilal Asif 39 (83b 5x4 0x6) SR: 46.98;
30.5;3;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, 3 runs flighted just outside off, and he caresses a drive past mid off. Chase for Haris as Labuschagne comes back for the third run;
30.4;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run full outside off, and he lunges forward to block off the front foot. Watchful;
30.3;?;Bilal Asif to Labuschagne, no run full outside off, but spinning inwards sharply! Comes forward with a big stride to defend;
30.2;1;Bilal Asif to Finch, 1 run full outside off, and turned with the spin to deep midwicket;
30.1;?;Bilal Asif to Finch, no run big appeal first ball! But not out says the umpire. Overpitched outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to sweep. The ball hits him near his toes, but impact was definitely outside off;
29.6;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run good length on off, and the straight ball is clipped off the back foot to midwicket's left. They jog across for a single;
29.5;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and this one skids into off stump. Defended after shuffling to his right;
29.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and defended away towards cover. Carefully played this time;
29.3;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run extra flight outside off, and Finch drives this hard off the front foot, but Babar at short cover gets a hand to it;
29.2;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full on middle, and he defends with the straight bat on this occasion. Firmly played;
29.1;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and defended with the turn towards the off side;
28.6;2;Mir Hamza to Labuschagne, 2 runs good length outside off, and he opens the bat's face to steer this past gully. Yasir gives the ball a chase;
28.5;1;Mir Hamza to Finch, 1 run full on middle, and tailing into his pads. Finch brings his bat down late, and he somehow manages to inside-edge a nudge onto his pads and down to deep square leg;
28.4;1;Mir Hamza to Labuschagne, 1 run full on leg, and worked off his pads to Abbas at fine leg. Just a single though;
28.3;?;Mir Hamza to Labuschagne, no run full on middle stump, and he covers his stumps to defend towards cover;
28.2;?;Mir Hamza to Labuschagne, no run full on middle, and he tentatively comes forward to defend. The ball rolls back towards the non-striker;
28.1;?;Mir Hamza to Labuschagne, no run length ball on leg stump, and defended off the back foot;
27.6;1;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, 1 run full on off, and his front-foot defense takes the inside edge and flies past short leg! Yasir's excited;
27.5;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off, and he mistimes a cover drive to mid off. Still not off the mark;
27.4;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full on middle, and Labuschagne takes a huge stride forward to block;
27.3;?;Yasir Shah to Labuschagne, no run full on off, and the skidder is defended off the front foot;
27.2;W;Yasir Shah to Marsh, OUT taken! First slip scoops that up. Full just outside off, and Marsh is tempted to get bat to ball. Defends off the front foot, but the legbreak takes the outside edge and then goes to Asad Shafiq's left.;Mitchell Marsh c Asad Shafiq b Yasir Shah 13 (37b 2x4 0x6) SR: 35.13;
27.1;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run good length on middle, and he shuffles onto the back foot to defend;
26.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full just outside off, and going across the batsman's body. Left alone;
26.5;1;Mir Hamza to Marsh, 1 run good length on off, and going across the batsman's body. He opens the bat's face and steers it own to deep point;
26.4;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run full on middle and leg. Marsh quickly gets onto his back foot, and then hammers his bat down to defend it back to Hamza;
26.3;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run good length on leg stump, and aimed at his pads. Worked off his hips to the leg side;
26.2;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run good length on middle, and tailing inwards! Marsh shuffles across his stumps, and defended off the back foot;
26.1;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run full just outside off, and blocked off the front foot to cover;
25.6;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and turning away once again. Blocked to see the over out;
25.5;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run overpitched on middle, and Finch tries to turn it towards square leg, but the ball takes a leading edge and whizzes past first slip!;
25.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and firmly driven with the spin to mid off. Straight to the fielder;
25.3;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run full just outside off, and staying low. Punched with the spin to deep extra cover;
25.2;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run full on leg stump, and spinning away from the batsman as he brings his bat down to defend;
25.1;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run overpitched on middle, and smothered with the straight bat before the ball could turn;
24.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full just outside off, and defended off the front foot to see the over out.;
24.5;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run back of a length on middle, and nicely bouncing onto Finch's backfoot defense. Firmly tapped away;
24.4;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full on middle, and he shuffles across to clip this towards the leg side. Played to midwicket;
24.3;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full just outside off, and going across the batsman's body once again. Left alone;
24.2;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full on off, and angling across Finch's body. Left alone;
24.1;2lb;Mir Hamza to Finch, 2 leg byes back of a length on leg stump, and Finch mistimes a leg-side flick. Nobody there at square leg, and the ball's rolling away so slowly that Australia manage to pinch a second run!;
23.6;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run length ball on middle, and this is the one that goes straight through. Rocks back to block;
23.5;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run full outside off, and spinning away. Big stride forward to defend;
23.4;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run overpitched on leg stump, almost on the batsman's toes. Marsh gets his feet out of the delivery's way, and drives straight back to Yasir;
23.3;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run good length outside off, and spinning away. He rocks back to cut, but can't find the gap past point;
23.2;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run flighted full outside off stump. Angling in slightly, and defended;
23.1;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run full on middle, and turning across the batsman. Defended off the front foot;
22.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full on middle, and angling down leg as he tries to flick square. Hits his front pad, but the muted lbw appeal is turned down;
22.5;1;Mir Hamza to Marsh, 1 run good length outside off, and cut square off the back foot. Well hit, but straight to the point fielder;
22.4;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run good length outside off, and Marsh covers his off-stump, before defending off the back foot;
22.3;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run full and wide outside off, and Marsh chooses to free his arms. Bends his knee and attempts to drive square, but toe-ends the shot to point;
22.2;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run full outside off, and going straight into Sarfraz's gloves. Marsh offers no shot;
22.1;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run length ball outside off, and angling into Marsh. Blocked off the back foot;
21.6;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run good length on off, and skidding right through. Tries to defend off the back foot, but the legbreak takes the delivery past the batsman's outside edge;
21.5;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run nicely flighted full outside off. Spins away, and defended;
21.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run full just outside off, and he gets to the pitch of the ball to defend;
21.3;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run overpitched right at the base of off stump. He carefully comes forward to block;
21.2;1;Yasir Shah to Marsh, 1 run full outside off, and spinning away. Driven confidently to cover;
21.1;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run full outside off, and pushed off the front foot towards the off side;
20.6;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run good length, off stump line, he defends on the front foot back to the bowler;
20.5;4;Abbas to Marsh, FOUR runs square driving on the up forward of point! This is some shot! Fraction of width, not a bad length, but he climbed into a drive on the front foot and smoked it forward of point.;
20.4;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run pushed well down the leg side and he can't clip it fine, Sarfraz makes the sprawling save;
20.3;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run good length, 130kph, tailing in a touch, he defends on the front foot;
20.2;3;Abbas to Finch, 3 runs too full angling into off and he clips this nicely between midwicket and mid on and they run well to get three;
20.1;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 130kph, good length, fifth stump line, he leaves this alone;
19.6;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run shorter length again, but tighter to off, he's back and driving with the vertical bat to the man at cover-point;
19.5;4;Yasir Shah to Marsh, FOUR runs cuts hard past point! Fractionally short and wide from Yasir and he pounced, back quickly, cuts very hard into the gap between point and backward point. Good shot;
19.4;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run tossed up, he strides forward and drives firmly to cover;
19.3;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run lovely leg break, pitches middle, a hint of turn here, he prods forward, it runs off the outside half of the bat to point;
19.2;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run looped up, on off, he pushes on the front foot to cover;
19.1;?;Yasir Shah to Marsh, no run fast leg break, he is back and defending into the off side;
18.6;1;Abbas to Marsh, 1 run good length, tailing into off, he gets an inside edge, defending forward that runs outside his pad and away to fine leg;
18.5;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run good length, off stump line, he's back and across and defending into the off side;
18.4;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 131kph, perfect length tailing back into towards off, he defends on the front foot off the inside half of the bat;
18.3;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run fuller length, 131kph, angled in to off stump, he drives firmly and it goes off the thick inside edge to forward square leg;
18.2;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run back of a length, 130kph, wide of off, he punches off the back foot to point;
18.1;W;Abbas to Head, OUT Edged to second slip! Brilliant from Abbas! Magic bowling from Mohammad. He goes around the wicket to Head, angles in, good length, draws the prodding blade, and angled the blade to mid on, nips away, takes the edge and it flies quickly to second slip and Shafiq pouches the catch easily.;Travis Head c Asad Shafiq b Mohammad Abbas 14 (22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
17.6;1;Yasir Shah to Head, 1 run looped up outside off, he skipped down and drives inside out to cover-point and in the gap;
17.5;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run slower leg break, he props forward and waits for the spin and plays around his front pad knocking behind square;
17.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run leg break, middle and off, not much turn, it's full, he stretches out and defends;
17.3;1;Yasir Shah to Head, 1 run leg stump line, not much turn, he clips it to the newly place man at deep midwicket, good batting;
17.2;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run flatter and quicker, off stump line, he defends off the back foot;
17.1;4;Yasir Shah to Head, FOUR runs advances and lofts with the spin over midwicket! Tossed up outside leg, he was down quickly and lofts it over the infield, didn't flush it but hit it well enough to reach the rope;
16.6;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length, 133kph, angled into off, he turns it midwicket;
16.5;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 128kph, very full on off, he drives firmly to mid off;
16.4;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length, 131kph, off stump line, he has to press forward again to defend;
16.3;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 132kph, good length, off stump he defends on the front foot;
16.2;3;Abbas to Head, 3 runs angled into the pads and he clips this through the vacant square leg, it's a long boundary there and a long chase for the man from midwicket;
16.1;3;Abbas to Finch, 3 runs lovely punch off the back foot through forward point, jumped on the width and got on top of the bounce and placed it well;
15.6;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run advances to one tossed up, he drives straight to mid off;
15.5;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run sweeps from off the stumps to short fine leg;
15.4;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run 86kph, flatter on middle, he's back and pushing into the leg side;
15.3;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run tossed up, he advances and clips it, not well timed past short leg;
15.2;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run leg break outside leg stump, he's back and working it to forward square again;
15.1;?;Yasir Shah to Head, no run outside leg, from over the wicket, he pushes this with the spin to forward square;
14.6;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 131kph bouncer that surprises Finch, but he reacts quickly and bails out of a pull, it got up very high and Sarfraz leaps up with one hand to take it;
14.5;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length tailing back into off stump, he's pressing forward to defend again;
14.4;?;Abbas to Finch, no run this nipped back off the seam and it hits the pad and flies to gully! Decent shout but a not out call and no review. This seamed back quite a way but hit him high and outside the line;
14.3;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length 132kph, he is forced to defend infront of middle to mid on;
14.2;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length, 129kph, angled into off, he defends on the front foot;
14.1;?;Abbas to Finch, no run angled into the pads, it hits the thigh guard and runs square, he wants a leg bye but Head sends him back;
13.6;?;Mir Hamza to Head, no run 133kph, full on off stump, he clips this towards mid on but doesn't time it well;
13.5;2;Mir Hamza to Head, 2 runs full angling into middle and he clips this away square of midwicket, they could have pushed for three but opted against it;
13.4;?;Mir Hamza to Head, no run fuller length, 131kph, angled into off, he defends on the front foot;
13.3;?;Mir Hamza to Head, no run good length, off stump line, he defends on the front foot to mid off;
13.2;2;Mir Hamza to Head, 2 runs good length, off stump angling in, he clips this wide of mid on and another misfield allows an extra run;
13.1;1;Mir Hamza to Finch, 1 run 129kph, bouncer that gets up, and Finch pulls awkwardly around to fine leg, wasn't completely in control;
12.6;1;Abbas to Finch, 1 run tailing into middle and off, he turns this with the angle to midwicket and a misfield allows one;
12.5;1;Abbas to Head, 1 run angled into the pads and he tucks this away neatly to fine leg to get off mark;
12.4;?;Abbas to Head, no run good length fifth stump line going across him, he presses forward confidently and defends to cover;
12.3;?;Abbas to Head, no run good length middle stump, he defends on the front foot to midwicket;
12.2;?;Abbas to Head, no run 129kph, middle stump line, he slices across this trying to drive to mid on, and it runs into the off side;
12.1;?;Abbas to Head, no run 128kph, good length, leaves him off the seam, but he follows and knocks it away to point;
11.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run fuller length, fifth stump line, again he leaves this alone;
11.5;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run 131kph, outside off, good length, Finch watches it go by again;
11.4;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run good length, 134kph, fourth stump line from around the wicket, he's forward and defending into the off side;
11.3;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run back of a length, off stump line, he's back and across and defending;
11.2;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run fuller length still wide of off, he lets this go this time;
11.1;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run 130kph, short and wide outside off, it leaves him off a length, he flashes and misses! Lazy stroke from Finch;
10.6;W;Abbas to Marsh, OUT edged at caught at first slip! Abbas does it again! This was a beauty, perfect length, drew the forward defence, got went on with the angle, took the edge and flew low to Haris at first slip and he took a good catch. He made it look comfortable.;Shaun Marsh c Haris Sohail b Mohammad Abbas 3 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
10.5;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 128kph, impeccable length, off stump line, again he defends on the front foot;
10.4;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 129kph, middle and leg, quick full, he clips it to midwicket;
10.3;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 126kph, good length, fifth stump line across the left hander and he lets it go;
10.2;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run good length, middle stump line, he defends on the front foot;
10.1;?;Abbas to Marsh, no run 125kph, beaten outside off! This was angled across, but tight enough to force him to defend, it just seamed away and kept a touch low as it bounced to Sarfraz;
9.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run 136kph, better length, off stump line, he defends with the full face to the straight cover;
9.5;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run around the wicket now, full just outside off and he drives to cover point;
9.4;4;Mir Hamza to Finch, FOUR runs square drive forward of point! Overpitched and well wide and he drives nicely with the angle well infront of point and it's sweetly timed to the rope;
9.3;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run shorter length, leg stump line, he's back and defending with the full face;
9.2;3;Mir Hamza to Marsh, 3 runs nearly chopped on! It was wide of off and short of a length, he tries to thrash a cut and chops it off the inside edge just past off stump! That was close, it ran fine;
9.1;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run 134kph, very full on off, not much swing, he drives back to the bowler;
8.6;?;Abbas to Finch, no run 128kph, fuller on off, angled in, he drives comfortably to mid on;
8.5;?;Abbas to Finch, no run shorter length fifth stump line, he raises his bat above his head and lets it go;
8.4;?;Abbas to Finch, no run back of a length, middle stump, he pushes forward to defend towards mid on;
8.3;?;Abbas to Finch, no run drags the length back, tighter to off, he defends from well out of crease on the front foot;
8.2;4;Abbas to Finch, FOUR runs another beautiful cover drive! Overpitched outside off and he drives elegantly past cover away to the rope.;
8.1;?;Abbas to Finch, no run good length, off stump, he tries to drive and mistimes off the inside half of the bat into the on side;
7.6;?;Mir Hamza to Marsh, no run good length, just outside off, he is forced to defend on the front foot into the off side;
7.5;1;Mir Hamza to Finch, 1 run full on middle and leg, 134kph, he clips this wide of mid on and Abbas has to dive to his right to stop it but they get one;
7.4;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run off stump line, good length, he defends with the full face on the front foot;
7.3;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run better length and tighter off, he presses forward and defends;
7.2;4;Mir Hamza to Finch, FOUR runs glorious cover drive! This is a superb start. A gentle half-volley outside off and he leans forward and with a lovely flow of the bat and he strokes it wide of mid off. Magnificent stroke;
7.1;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run good length angled across him, he lets it go through to Sarfraz who looks fine;
6.6;W;Abbas to Siddle, OUT Siddle was expecting this to be outside off, but is suddenly rushed into defending it as the ball comes back in a long way to pin him plumb in front of middle. Shocking decision to not give it out on the field by umpire S Ravi. The height was never in doubt and hawkeye confirms this would've smashed into leg stump. Siddle has to go and Pakistan end the day on a high. What an end for them, Abbas has been terrific. What a rockstar.;Peter Siddle lbw b Mohammad Abbas 4 (10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
6.5;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run decides to slip one in full, Siddle is solid in defence.;
6.4;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run short of length outside off, way outside off, left alone.;
6.3;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run confident forward push as he defends this incoming delivery solidly.;
6.2;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run bowls this much fuller, that teasing line outside off, inviting the batsman to drive. Siddle had already decided before the over, it looks like, that he'll leave.;
6.1;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run ripper of a bouncer from Abbas, don't go by the speedgun that will tell you it was bowled at 127.5kph. It seemed much faster, and Siddle did well to sway out of the way.;
5.6;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run drifts into middle and skids on, Finch right behind the line as he keeps it out.;
5.5;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run bunts this to point off the backfoot again.;
5.4;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run touch short on off stump, Finch punches to short cover.;
5.3;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run sharp turn from outside off, Finch lets this go. Some bounce for him this time;
5.2;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run drifting into middle and spinning away a wee bit, defended back towards the bowler.;
5.1;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run the short ball skids through outside off, left alone;
4.6;2;Abbas to Siddle, 2 runs squirts this off a thick inside edge to deep backward square leg. A feeble push from Siddle, he wasn't sure of the line;
4.5;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run solidly behind the line of this length delivery angling in, kept out.;
4.4;2;Abbas to Siddle, 2 runs squeezed this away into the gap between point and gully, they'll steal two runs. Sarfraz shouldn't mind that.;
4.3;?;Abbas to Siddle, no run full and angled in from wide of the crease, Siddle is half forward as he blocks;
4.2;W;Abbas to Khawaja, OUT the decision to continue with Abbas has worked and Pakistan have a huge wicket, of the man who tormented them, who stonewalled them in Dubai. This is a length ball slipping down leg, Khawaja looks to tickle it fine and in the process gets some bat on it. Sarfraz instinctively moves to his right and dives full stretch to complete this one-handed grab. This is a big wicket, make no mistake. It's that superhero Abbas, 50th Test wicket for him.;Usman Khawaja c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Mohammad Abbas 3 (13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 23.07;
4.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run angles one in full on off stump, driven to extra cover.;
3.6;4;Yasir Shah to Finch, FOUR runs sees the ball in his arc and belts this up and over the bowler's head. Made sweet sound as it made contact with that broad blade of his.;
3.5;?;Yasir Shah to Finch, no run pushed through quicker outside off, he lunges forward and blocks.;
3.4;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run driven straight back past the bowler, Hamza runs to his right from mid-on and then puts in a dive to stop that;
3.3;1;Yasir Shah to Finch, 1 run squeezes this off a thick inside edge into the leg side.;
3.2;1;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, 1 run steps out and whips this into the gap past square leg.;
3.1;?;Yasir Shah to Khawaja, no run full and flat, lands this on off stump, Khawaja defends from the crease.;
2.6;?;Abbas to Finch, no run gets a good stride in as he defends this incoming length delivery into the off side.;
2.5;4;Abbas to Finch, FOUR runs flicks this to the fine leg boundary. Too easy. Wrong line from Abbas;
2.4;?;Abbas to Finch, no run turns this full delivery on middle and leg to the leg side with soft hands.;
2.3;?;Abbas to Finch, no run raps him on the pad. Finch was playing for the one that goes away perhaps but this one angled back in to beat the inside edge by a long way and hit him on the thigh pad. Big, big appeal but height was always going to be an issue. Superb from Abbas.;
2.2;1;Abbas to Khawaja, 1 run shortens his length and angles it across, Khawaja goes back and across as he pats this into the off side for a quick single.;
2.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run slips one full again around middle from wide of the crease, Khawaja defends solidly.;
1.6;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run defends this short of length delivery from the crease to the leg side.;
1.5;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run worked off his hip to square leg, good stop by Bilal Asif.;
1.4;2;Mir Hamza to Finch, 2 runs beaten for pace as he hops back to pull, lobs off the glove and rolls towards fine leg. Finch was ambling back for the second and had to suddenly hurry as a direct hit came in from fine leg. But there's no reason to worry, he was comfortably in. Not sure what the need was to go upstairs.;
1.3;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run full and moving away from middle stump, Finch covers the line of the delivery as he pushes this towards mid-on.;
1.2;2;Mir Hamza to Finch, 2 runs Finch is away with a neat little drive into the gap at extra cover, Australia are away too.;
1.1;?;Mir Hamza to Finch, no run length ball on middle, Finch is right on top of the bounce as he defends.;
0.6;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run floats this full on off stump, defended back gently. Could've yet been a run had Abbas not put his right hand out on his followthrough to stop that.;
0.5;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run gets the edge but plays it with soft hands, lands short of second slip.;
0.4;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run shortens his length just a touch and bowls it across, towards off, defended again.;
0.3;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run invites the drive by pitching this up, Khawaja doesn't bite the bait. Left alone again.;
0.2;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run full and angling away, Khawaja lets it go. He'll keep bowling it there all day.;
0.1;?;Abbas to Khawaja, no run full on off, Khawaja squeezes this into the leg side;

Welcome back. Australia have resisted temptation to send in two nightwatchmen! Okay, Finch and Khawaja it is who will open. They'll have to get past a probing burst from Mohammad Abbas, who is one shy of 50 Test wickets. It'll make him the fastest Pakistan bowler to get there.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd Test, Abu Dhabi, Oct 16 - 19 2018, Pakistan v Australia
282 &
145 &
Player of the match is Mohammad Abbas, PAK
Pakistan won by 373 runs
