Data
6.25pm Not sure how both sides will feel about this innings. At one stage, 200 looked a long way off but Sri Lanka's middle order fought their way past that score. Australia's bowlers were typically accurate, pace off the ball working well on this surface. This is not an easy pitch to score runs, that's why this could make for an interesting chase with Sri Lanka's bowling attack loaded with spin options. Back soon.
adhithya: "This is what inspiration means. I remember Smith coming out with a broken hand and trying to save the test with a painfilled innings. That definitely galvanized the SA team and Smith earned the respect of one and all. I believe what Matthews has done today is similar. If SL do pull a victory out of the hat I think Matthews would have earned the respect of every1 in the dressing room and outside as well. "
49.6;W;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, OUT taken at backward point. Hastings gets six. Mathews' brave effort ends. Could be a crucial 12 runs these. Short delivery on off, very high. Mathews shuffles across and goes after that but only ends up splicing a skied catch to Bailey. Mathews hobbles off.;Angelo Mathews c Bailey b Hastings 40 (95m 71b 4x4 0x6) SR: 56.33;
49.5;2;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs overpitched outside off, Mathews walks across and chips this over cover. Almost makes the boundary, head prevents it by running across but Mathews gets back for two.;
49.4;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run looks for the upper cut. Short delivery on leg, Mathews knows what's coming, backs away and misses his upper cut. A cry of anguish because third man was up;
49.3;4;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs four more. A slow short bouncer on middle and leg, sits up for Mathews to dispatch through midwicket. Mathews backs away, and hammers his pull through midwicket. Great batting;
49.2;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run another bouncer on off, Mathews tries to pull but is way too late on it. Hastings stares at Mathews, Mathews writhes in pain;
49.1;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run short delivery on leg, pulled into the ground to deep midwicket. Mathews opts not to run.;
48.6;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run not a bad over at all for Sri Lanka. Six crucial runs. Another slower ball on middle, carved out to long-on. He gets across just in time;
48.5;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run shortish delivery outside off, slapped away to point;
48.4;4;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs he gets four. Sloppy fielding from Finch at long-on. Overpitched on middle and leg, Mathews backs away and belts one down the ground, Finch scurries across but the ball goes underneath his hands;
48.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run 117 kph, good length and straight, blocked out to cover;
48.2;1;Faulkner to Aponso, 1 run full delivery outside off, Aponso drives to long-off. Mathews limps across to the other end . This could be a telling stand if they could cobble up something;
48.1;?;Faulkner to Aponso, no run slower ball on off, blocked;
27.6;?;Boland to Angelo Perera, no run 129 kph, full and straight. Perera blocks towards midwicket;
27.5;?;Boland to Angelo Perera, no run good length on off and middle, 127 kph. Blocked;
27.4;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run full and wide, de Silva nails a languid cover drive to deep cover. Lovely shot, uppish but safe;
27.3;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run good length outside off, comes back in gently. Carved to point. De Silva's innings gets more important;
27.2;1;Boland to Angelo Perera, 1 run nice start. Push and run to mid-on. Rather full from Boland, looking for the lbw.;
27.1;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run beaten. Fuller than a good length just outside off, Mathews wafts and misses, his feet nowhere near the pitch;
26.6;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run superb stroke. A half-volley outside off, crisply creamed to cover. Straight to the fielder. Languid drive;
26.5;1;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, 1 run oh no, what has Mathews done? He may have done some damage to his right calf, big moment in the game. Clipped a straight delivery towards square leg and immediately hobbled towards the other end -limping and clutching his calf Mathews needs some treatment.;
26.4;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run good length on middle and leg, not much movement. De Silva walks across and nudges one to square leg;
26.3;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs too straight this time and DdS helps it down to fine leg. Played that well, shuffled aross;
26.2;3;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, 3 runs goes for it and clears mid-off. Mathews scampers down and mis-times his heave down the ground. Cross-seam from Hastings, extracting some extra bounce. Off the upper half of the bat. Mid-off tracks it down;
26.1;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run gentle but accurate start. 126 kph, fullish outside off. Some inward movement, solidly blocked;
47.6;W;Hastings to Pathirana, OUT gone. Pathirana holes out to long-off. Not a good shot again. Slower ball outside off, Pathirana goes back in his crease and chips a catch to long-off. Hastings gets five, his best ODI bowling figures;Sachith Pathirana c Faulkner b Hastings 24 (66m 39b 2x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
47.5;?;Hastings to Pathirana, no run slower ball on middle and leg, carved to backward point. Bailey is close, he needn't be;
47.4;1;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, 1 run slow short delivery on middle and leg, helped along to deep square leg. Mathews hobbles up to the other end. 200 up.;
47.3;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run short, slower ball on off. Pulled to midwicket, Mathews can't run;
47.2;?;Hastings to Angelo Mathews, no run slower bouncer on leg, Mathews misses his pull.;
47.1;W;Hastings to Perera, OUT gets him. Hastings bangs one in with a cross-seam delivery banged in on a short length. Dilruwan was through the stroke too early and gets a thin outside edge to Wade. More signs of the slow surface as Dilruwan was through his pull early;Dilruwan Perera c ?Wade b Hastings 18 (23m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
46.6;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run another slower delivery outside off, squirted to long-on for one. Another good over for Sri Lanka;
46.5;1;Faulkner to Pathirana, 1 run another slower ball outside off, 104 kph. Pathirana plays too late, mis-times a powerful drive to long-0off;
46.4;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run nice, clipped to deep backward square leg for one. Too straight from Faulkner;
46.3;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run 107 kph, slower delivery outside off, Dilruwan swings across the line but misses. Shadow practices the drive after the fact;
46.2;1;Faulkner to Pathirana, 1 run slower delivery outside off, 111 kph. Pushed towards cover for one, excellent batting. Bat on ball gets one;
46.1;3;Faulkner to Perera, 3 runs gets it through cover point for more runs. Slower ball outside off, Dilruwan chips it into the off side and the ball falls in a safe place behind point. Surely did not intend that but he won't care. Gets one;
25.6;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run 142 kph, rather full and wide outside off, a calm drive towards deep cover gets Mathews one. Nine off the over;
25.5;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run better. Experience. Full and straight, dead-bat block. Play out the opposition's best;
25.4;3;Starc to Dhananjaya, 3 runs just over cover. I'd still say that ain't great batting. Full outside off, the ball moving away ever so slightly. It was quite full so DdS goes through with a lofted drive and clears cover. Warner trots back from mid-off, but a fumble allows the third;
25.4;1w;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 wide wayward stuff again. Strays down leg at 140 kph to give SL a free run;
25.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run looking for the yorker outside off, jammed out towards point.;
25.2;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs not sure that is the best strategy but the exuberance of youth, or something like that. Rather overpitched outside off from Starc, DdS stays in his crease and lofts the ball over the bowler. Not great timing but enough to beat mid-off;
25.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run lovely channel just outside off from Starc. Has kept it there more often than not today. Solidly behind the line of that;
24.6;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run well tossed up just outside off, Mathews blocks it;
24.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run flighted outside off, driven to long-off;
24.4;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped to deep point;
24.3;4;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs drags it down and the long hop has been pulled to the square leg boundary, off one knee.;
24.2;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run beaten by the dip a bit. Mathews had come forward, but has to extend his arms to make sure he defends well;
24.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run gets down the track and drives to long-off;
23.6;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run steered behind point. No one looking for a single. De Silva is on one knee, pushing his bat back in his crease. It was well inside when the fielder decides to throw and make a direct hit;
23.5;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run leans into a flowing drive through the covers. Took it on the up and caresses it through the gap;
23.4;4;Starc to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs excellent shot! Australia seem to be plying him with balls on the stumps, and he keeps tucking in. Might be because his back foot moves across in front off stump. But here de Silva is able to drag it back and flick the ball away fine of the man at long leg;
23.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run goes wide of the crease for a yorker on off stump, de Silva digs it out easily;
23.2;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run lands it really full and just outside off, steered towards point for a single;
23.1;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run good length ball on off stump, defended firmly;
22.6;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run good length ball on off stump, defended into the covers. Mathews sets off for a quick single, and is made to stretch because of a direct hit. Travis Head, the fielder. But the batsman is well home;
22.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run flighted on leg stump, clipped to square leg;
22.4;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run a little short, Mathews jumps back and pulls. Mistimed to long-on;
22.3;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up on middle, Mathews moves to the leg side and pushes down the ground;
22.2;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted outside off, driven into the off side;
22.1;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run big appeal for lbw, but that was sliding down leg, I think. Zampa and Wade come up to have a chat and Warner goes for a reivew. That's the googly. Mathews is down the track, but his little flick comes out down the wrong line, is hit in front of leg stump, with the ball seeming to go further down. Review lost because Mathews had been down the pitch - more than 3 m - that means umpire's call and we don't have to look for the ball hitting the stumps. That's the rules, by the way. If the impact of ball on pad is more than 3 m from the crease, umpire's call is immediately upheld;
21.6;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run high, for the lbw appeal. Boland had pinned de Silva on the crease, and he was up on his toes as well, trying to play a flick. Struck on the pads, Warner waits, chats with everyone important and then chooses not to review;
21.5;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run beaten, as he was looking to dial up third man again. Could easily have nicked off, looking for at best a couple of runs;
21.4;2;Boland to Dhananjaya, 2 runs lovely work from de Silva. Read the line and length beautifully. Waited just that extra second longer and plays a beautiful late cut to third man;
21.3;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run length ball, wants to slap it over extra cover, ends up being beaten. For once, he looks a bit ugly;
21.2;1;Boland to Angelo Mathews, 1 run shortish on off stump, runs it down to third man;
21.1;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run good length, outside off, de Silval is so confident in his hand-eye abilities that he waits on the back foot and glides it to deep third man. Wanted a second, his captain was nowhere near interested.;
20.6;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted on middle, blocked;
20.5;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run looped up on off stump, defended;
20.4;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run drifts it in on the pads, clipped away towards fine leg;
20.3;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run that's well bowled, and equally well played. Zampa seemed to beat him in the dip on off stump, Mathews lunging forward, has to adjust with his hands. Defends gently and pinches a single;
20.2;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run shortish and outside off, cut towards cover;
20.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run tossed up outside off, serenely driven to long-off to bring up his first ODI half-century. A handshake from his captain, a standing ovation from the dressing-room. He's got 50 of Sri Lanka's 76;
19.6;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
19.5;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run pushed past mid-on;
19.4;1;Boland to Angelo Mathews, 1 run on the pads, flicked away to long leg;
19.4;1w;Boland to Angelo Mathews, 1 wide banged in short on off stump, Mathews was thinking about a pull, then realised the ball was way over his head and he could get a wide for it if he leaves;
19.3;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run defended on a good length;
19.2;4;Boland to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs bang he goes, running at the fast bowler and flicking him over his head. Back of a length ball turned into length, and then a whippy flourish gives it all the power it needed to soar over mid-on and mid-off;
19.1;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run clips a shortish delivery from outside off to deep square leg;
18.6;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run nearly beat him in flight. Mathews was lunging forward, but the tossed up ball dips on him and he has to roll his wrists on the ball to keep it down;
18.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run quicker and flatter on off stump, pushed to long-on;
18.4;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run leans into a drive as a tossed up ball pitches just outside off. Lovely accuracy from Zampa;
18.3;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run flighted outside off, drilled at Warner, who misfields at short cover;
18.2;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run "down, down" yelps Wade and Hastings at backward point does so. Mathews had gone deep in his crease for a cut shot. Just enough room for that, and he plays so late.;
18.1;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted outside off, driven to cover;
17.6;4;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs shot! It's back of a length on middle and leg, de Silva moves across to roll his hands on top of the ball and glance it to the right of short fine leg.;
17.5;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run good length ball on off stump, nudged effortlessly towards mid-on.;
17.4;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pushed to mid-on, and as he was hurrying to make his ground at the non-strikers' end, the throw comes in straight at his head! Unintentional, I think;
17.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run full and straightening on middle and off, defended cautiously;
17.2;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run fuller ball on the stumps, pushed down the ground;
17.1;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run good length ball just outside off, defended as late as he could.;
16.6;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run gets a little turn after bowling it quicker - 86 kph - and flatter. Defended into the covers;
16.5;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run went wide of the crease to bowl a loopy one on middle, Mathews gets inside the line and drives back to Zampa;
16.4;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up on leg stump, Zampa moves across and just about stops it;
16.3;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run flighted outside off, defended;
16.2;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run driven through the covers;
16.1;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run defended into the coveres, Warner is electric there, runs in, but began concentrating on the throw a touch too early. Can't pick up the ball one-handed and then his diving under-arm flick is in vain. Only ends up landing awkwardly;
16.1;1w;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 wide went a little too far down leg, looking for some extra turn. Or maybe he underestimated the drift he's been getting;
15.6;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run de Silva wanted to glide it to third man, off the back foot, but it was just a touch too full. Beaten.;
15.5;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run looks for the same magic as he spears it in on middle stump, but this time there is no movement and Mathews flicks to long leg;
15.4;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run ripper! All that needed was the outside edge. Was pitched in the best spot to snag it too - on a good length, angled in from around the stumps, and then it straightens past the bat. Mathews made to play at an unplayable delivery;
15.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
15.2;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run good length ball on middle and leg, clipped to square leg;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
14.6;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run driven to mid-off;
14.5;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run pushes at a tossed up delivery on leg stump, playing for the angle in at him, and gets a little leading edge to point.;
14.4;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run good bowling again. "Just bowl there," says Wade. Pitched full on off stump, de Silva defends with an open face to account for the turn;
14.3;1;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, 1 run moves inside the line of the ball and drives to long-off. Lovely flight again;
14.2;?;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, no run lovely bowling. Loops it up at 73 kph, gets it to pitch on middle and spin just enough to make Mathews cautious;
14.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run starts with a full toss on leg stump, driven to long-on;
13.6;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run short of a length on off stump, defended;
13.5;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run fuller ball on off stump, defended;
13.4;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run powerful drive down the ground, Faulkner does well to dive across to his right in his followthrough and help mid-on field it;
13.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run held its line and beats the edge! Faulkner had moved around the wicket for a back of a length ball outside off. Mathews attempts a lazy waft and comes up with nothing;
13.2;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run solid hit down the ground, between the stumps and the non-striker. It's a short ball on off stump, met with a firm and straight bat;
13.1;2;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 2 runs back of a length on leg stump, de Silva nudges it off his hips to long leg. Played late, played well;
12.6;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run that was bound to happen. Another short ball from Boland, this one is banged into the middle of the pitch, so Mathews is able to see it early and duck;
12.5;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run hit on the helmet and those back flaps protecting his neck fly off! Didn't spot the short ball early enough, and Boland lined it up well. On off stump, which is fine with Mathews moving back and across and covering all his stumps. Hit him flush, because he took his eyes off the ball while taking evasive action. Needs a little breather. Feels it against the side of his head.;
12.4;1;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 run short, outside off, carved to deep third man.;
12.3;4;Boland to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs gentle little touch to fine leg. Boland loses his line, targets the pads, de Silva gives it just a little bit of direction;
12.2;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run a little late in bringing his bat down against the back of a length delivery, a shade outside off. Seemed to deck in off the seam. And plenty more bounce than de Silva thought. Inside edge while cutting, goes back to the keeper;
12.1;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
12.1;1w;Boland to Dhananjaya, 1 wide good bouncer from Boland, but it appears that took off a little too high for the square leg umpire's liking. Well over head height. Good call from Gough;
11.6;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run shortish on off stump, de Silva moves across to it and hacks an open face down to run it through to third man;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run clips it off his hips to deep square leg;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
11.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run full on off stump, defended well;
11.2;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length on off stump, kept out;
11.1;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run Whoa, what happened there? Mathews was pulling out of his stance, asking the bowler to stop. Faulkner doesn't. And Mathews plays a perfect little block in front of off stump;
10.6;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run fuller ball outside off, defended into the covers;
10.5;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the front foot;
10.4;4;Boland to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs he has flicked it pretty much to oblivion! Picked it up off a length and the roll of the wrists gives the ball so much power. Doesn't quite move his feet too much, but that somehow works in his favour. Great hand-eye coordination;
10.3;4;Boland to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs shot! Goes a little too full, a little too straight, possibly the same ball that Mathews flicks, de Silva smears down the ground.;
10.2;?;Boland to Dhananjaya, no run good length ball outside off, stands still, waits for the ball to come to him and drills it to mid-off;
10.1;1;Boland to Angelo Mathews, 1 run full, straight, given a home in the vast open spaces at square leg. Lovely wristwork from Mathews;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run good length ball on off stump, defended. Back-to-back maidens;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run full and outside off, driven to mid-off;
9.5;1w;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 wide slides down leg, attempts a flick and misses;
9.4;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run firm push off the back foot, and it had enough power to beat short cover, not mid-off.;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run good length ball, pushed to mid-on;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run appeal for lbw from Faulkner, as de Silva goes for a flick and misses. Umpire Gough knows that had pitched well outside leg stump;
9.1;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run 126 kph, gets back and across to punch to cover;
8.6;?;Boland to Angelo Mathews, no run 138kph, on target to the new batsman, Mathews defends and protects off stump.;
8.5;W;Boland to Chandimal, OUT won't be saving Sri Lanka this time. It's a length ball outside off, Chandimal wants to paste it through extra cover. Wasn't supposed to play it off the front foot with the length being reasonably short. The bounce does him, takes the edge and goes through to the keeper;Dinesh Chandimal c ?Wade b Boland 5 (16m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 35.71;
8.4;?;Boland to Chandimal, no run man right on the edge of the circle at cover point - and this short ball outside off is cut straight to him;
8.3;?;Boland to Chandimal, no run moves it closer to off stump, Chandimal goes forward and blocks with a closed face;
8.2;?;Boland to Chandimal, no run fluent drive to cover. Takes the outside-off-stump ball on the up;
8.1;?;Boland to Chandimal, no run fuller all on off stump at 134 kph, defended;
7.6;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run gets across to a shortish delivery outside off and punches it to mid-off;
7.5;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs takes on the short ball, even if he didn't quite have the room to free his arms. Forces the pull away to deep midwicket;
7.4;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on off stump, blocks it with soft hands, looking for a single. Can't find it;
7.3;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs a little uppish, but he has managed to keep the flick away from the vicinity of short fine leg. Went back, exploited the short ball on his pads;
7.2;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run "will you take that one over the top," someone chirps at de Silva as he gives a good length ball the respect it deserves;
7.1;4;Hastings to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs 127 kph, carves it over point! Didn't quite time it perfectly, think it went off the high part of the bat, but he made sure it give it his all and hit it over the infield. There was no one there on the boundary;
6.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full on leg stump at 142 kph, driven to mid-on;
6.5;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs excellent hit. It was a shortish delivery, forcing him up off his feet, but that doesn't rob him of balance. Head over the ball, bat close to the body, perfectly executed punch through the covers;
6.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run 142 kph, goes for the big, booming drive outside off, but the fuller ball goes on with the angle and beats the outside edge. Doesn't quite have the outswinger, but he does use his natural left-armer's angle superbly;
6.3;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run 145 kph, full, straight, looking to bully middle stump. Chandimal's straight bat comes through just in the nick of time.;
6.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run goes short on a fifth stump line. Chandimal sways away;
6.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full, wide outside off at 146 kph, left alone;
5.6;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
5.5;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run moves forward to the length ball, takes it from off stump and flicks it through midwicket;
5.4;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run good length on off stump, defended;
5.3;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run beats him again. Beautiful line from Hastings. It's just back of a length, outside off, has Chandimal, the new batsman, reaching away from his body without much footwork;
5.2;W;Hastings to Mendis, OUT big appeal for caught behind from the keeper, Wade wants to review, it but the bowler has no clue. Australia have gone for a check with the third umpire. There seems a noise, and a deviation as well when the ball passes the outside edge. I'm not sure they use Snicko here as part of the DRS. But even without it, Mendis has been given, fair call from Aleem Dar. It was a good length ball in the off stump corridor. Had Mendis pushing at it. Held its line just enough to get the nick;Kusal Mendis c ?Wade b Hastings 1 (23m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
5.1;?;Hastings to Mendis, no run allows a back of a length ball outside off to go through to the keeper;
4.6;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run beaten for pace there. It was a wide yorker at 141 kph, de Silva sought to slice it through point and misses;
4.5;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run drilled into the covers. Starc was looking for the yorker on off stump, de Silva is confidently behind it.;
4.4;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run gets up on his toes to blunt a short delivery at 138 kph and on off stump;
4.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run lines up the back of a length ball at 142 kph and slides it off the open face towards point;
4.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run full on off stump at 144 kph, de Silva keeps it out well. Seemed to have a lot of time to play that one. Getting used to conditions, perhaps;
4.1;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run short, moving across the right-hander, Mendis guides it over point;
3.6;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on off stump, defended towards gully;
3.5;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs back of a length on middle and leg, de Silva lets it come on and flicks it behind square leg.;
3.4;4;Hastings to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs his hair's already been torn out, so what could Hastings do now? genuine outside edge, but no slips. Good length ball, in the corridor, lazy drive, little reprieve;
3.3;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on fourth stump, defended;
3.2;2;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 2 runs width on offer and de Silva stands and delivers with a cut shot. He has a little back and across movement before the ball is bowled, which helps when the ball is short. Might make it a problem if the ball swings back in;
3.1;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run gets forward to a good length ball outside off and blocks it well;
2.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run dug in short at 139 kph, on middle and leg, forces Mendis to duck underneath;
2.5;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run sweet little flick to the right of mid-on. Khawaja had to dive, got to the ball, but couldn't hold on. Full, straight and de Silva plays one of his favourite shots;
2.4;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run fuller ball outside off, pushed towards mid-off;
2.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run falls short of the wicketkeeper. Faint under edge as de Silva cuts standing still. Misjudged the length there, wasn't there for the cut.;
2.2;1lb;Starc to Mendis, 1 leg bye thuds into his thigh pad before he was ready for it. 143 kph, shortish, angled into the body. Mendis tries a flick but he wasn't quick enough;
2.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run good length ball outside off, teasing the drive, Mendis obliges and Starc beats the outside edge;
1.6;4;Hastings to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs shot! Now that was off the middle. And it was probably the hardest ball to hit off the middle on account of the extra bounce. Hastings digs it in and offers just a hint of room. De Silva gets up on his toes and slaps it through the covers.;
1.5;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run that one seemed to stay low. Back of a length, outside off, wafts at it with very little footwork, mistimes to cover;
1.4;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run another inside edge as the Duke bowls back of a length and just outside off. De Silva attempted a cut through cover.;
1.4;1w;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 wide slips down leg as de Silva tries a flick. Can't quite reach that far;
1.3;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run a bit of an inside edge to square leg as he blocks in front of off stump. Stark difference in pace - this at 125 kph.;
1.2;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run shortish and outside off, de Silva chops it into the covers;
1.1;?;Hastings to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length on and around off stump, de Silva taps it towards mid-on.;
1.1;1w;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 wide length, too far outside off, de Silva collects an extra;
0.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run beats him with a peach at 146 kph! Hits the deck, makes it bounce handsomely past the outside edge as Mendis tries his best to poke at "white thing," as Starc once called it;
0.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run back of a length and outside off, at 145 kph, shoulders arms;
0.4;W;Starc to Fernando, OUT got him! Duck on debut, Starc's got his customary wicket in the first over. Pitched on off stump at a good length, veered back in, hit high-ish on the pad, but that looked quite adjacent. Fernando was pinned to the crease, playing around his front pad, slow in doing so as well.;Avishka Fernando lbw b Starc 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;?;Starc to Fernando, no run 145kph, right on the money - and it was swinging in towards off stump as well - tough ball to face for your first in international cricket. Fernando blocks superbly;
0.2;1lb;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 leg bye full, straight, flicks, misses. Too pacy - 146 kph - for de Silva. Appeared a little lazy there as well. Works for him when he times the ball, not so much now;
0.1;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run good length, outside off at 143 kph, de Silva picks the line early and leaves;

2.25 pm The umpires are on their way out. Australia huddle up. Sri Lanka's "surprise" is on its way - Dhananjaya de Silva, who top-scored in his debut Test series, and debutant Avishka Fernando, who has been breaking batting records in Sri Lanka since he was 14 years old. Wonder how he'll go against Mitchell Starc
"Really happy with the way I played, Had a tough time, every time I went in to bat we are two down. Myself and Mendis, we just tried to put a partnership and give others a free hand. But most of the time in the middle overs also we lost wickets and thats why we haven't been able to make 250," says Chandimal, the vice-captain. "Pressure is always there. we just want to win this game and move forward. We are going to put our heart and soul into this"
"Have had a couple of tours here. Conditions are suiting me. It's good," Adam Zampa says, "Bounce is a little bit better here than in the Caribbean. I try to go slow as a legspinner, get equipped about the surface and then go for the googly. Mostly just try to hit the stumps. The dangerous one is the one that hits the stumps"
Aashish Calla: "Seekuge Prasanna had started to look quite threatening with the ball towards the end of the last game, as was a revelation with the bat in England. Not sure why you'd drop him here instead of trying to bat him higher up in the order!"
Shakeena: "Just imagine if debutant Avishka Fernando does what hales did yesterday and Sri Lanka reclaiming the ODI record that they lost.. Just imagine :) " Hasn't played any first-class or List A cricket.
Will: "Boland!? Where did he come from? He's not even in the squad! What's wrong with Hazelwood?" Rotation, perhaps. And Boland is part of the T20 squad and was already in Sri Lanka. Course that means no place for Nathan Lyon. Adam Zampa's the lone specialist spinner
Damien: "Toss in ten minutes huh? I reckon no need of that. Obviously Dave is not gonna call it right! " And he's lost this one too. Sri Lanka are going to bat first "Playing on the same track, will get slower and slower," says Mathews, "Not really sure about a par score. It's going to be a surprise! [about the openers]"
"Seems a dry wicket, second match on it," says Warner. "Boys adjusted very well to the wicket [in the last match], bowled short of a length and didn't allow them to drive. Very good at the back end as well."
1.50 pm Ten minutes to go to the toss. A few little pointers from Andrew Fernando in the preview. It is going to be the same pitch that was used for the third ODI. Looks worn, dry and ready to take spin.
Prashant: "Can we expect high scoring fest in Dambulla? Yet to recover from last night show in Eng, hence expecting the big show again here in SL." Doubt anyone could recover from a team positing 444 for 3... and scoring almost 250 in the last 20 overs! Pakistan's bowlers are going to be waking up in cold sweats screaming "Alex Hales, don't hit me!" Wahab, of course, would be kicking his front foot until it learns not to stray
"Sri Lanka going into this ODI without veteran Dilshan and the ODI record score 443," DanielAlexander bemoans. For those who haven't been keeping an eye on how one-day cricket has been turned on its head since the 2015 World Cup, here's a slice.
Daniel also informs that, "18-year-old Avishka Fernando to make debut today, handed his ODI cap by the master blaster Sanath himself" Seems Fernando is a bit of a blaster himself - hit back-to-back centuries for the U-19 team against England in England. Things a-happening in Sri Lanka.
Zameer Arif: "Finally Usman will get the chance he deserves. If you don't play an inform player nature will arrange his comeback. Hope he deliver today." Captain Warner said he's been working his backside off.
1.35 pm Injuries, the captain going home, the new captain still searching for form, a middle order that doesn't quite instill fear, seems almost improbable that Australia are leading the series 2-1.
Abdul Muhaimin : "Given the performance of Bailey and Wade, they can easily be included in the middle order of Aussie Test squad for India! wade not as wicketkeeper, but as a batsman! But they still instill fear by the way!"
 Innings Start
9.00pm What a chase this has been. 213 was never going to be easy, it wasn't but Australia made it look like a canter. Finch first blitzed an 18-ball half-century, equalling the fastest by an Australian. Sachith Pathirana picked up three wickets in five balls but the damage was done. The surface was spinning viciously but George Bailey controlled the chase thereafter, reverse sweeping and sweeping Australia to the target. A sublime chase from Bailey and Australia means the visitors take an unassailable lead in the series.
Presentation time.
John Hastings, Man of the Match: "Not an easy place to bowl, it's hot and sticky, and uncomfortable. For me, it's very simple, hit a really good area, use the long boundaries and the wind. Had an absence in the one-day side, but happy now with what I provide. Was not the best I've ever bowled, the rhythm was a lot better as the game went on. Means a lot to the boys after losing the Test series."
David Warner: "Very very pleasing. Thrilled to win the series, hard-fought effort. Conditions here are quite challenging. We want to put on a spectacle for the crowd, that's the way we play. It's our way of playing, whether we play on these wickets. We try to put on a clinic if we can. The hard ball was going to be the key. Tough to muscle your way out of a form slump. Couldn't be happier for George, has had to play out of his skin. He's been innovative, he's been our backbone and rock in the middle.
Dinesh Chandimal: "Really disappointed with the way we played, didn't click as a batting unit through the series. We didn't do well. Before the game started, we wanted 260-270 plus, if we don't get that the bowlers can't do anything. He's (Mathews) a big loss, he got a calf strain. We miss him. Looking forward to seeing him in South Africa. No, he's not fit for the last game. Has a scan tomorrow. It was a turning point, if we got that wicket we would have had a great chance. Credit to their batters, especially Bailey.
30.6;6;Perera to Wade, SIX runs there it is. Australia complete the series win Flight from Dilruwan, Wade gets underneath the length and lofts the ball way over long-on. Wade is pumped, hugs Bailey, who has played an absolute blinder. Bailey picks up a couple of stumps. Wade does so too.;
30.5;?;Perera to Wade, no run blocked off the front foot;
30.4;1lb;Perera to Bailey, 1 leg bye false shot, but he gets away with it. The right idea, but Dilruwan pulled his length back, Bailey dances down but doesn't get there. Clips the pad, and then past the keeper;
30.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run reverse swept to third man;
30.2;4;Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs shot! Four more. Sublime batting, gets low and Bailey hammers it through backward square leg. Placed that beautifully. Knew what he was doing all along;
30.1;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run short and wide outside off, scythed to deep point for one;
29.6;2;Aponso to Bailey, 2 runs nice again, dances down and gets to the pitch and drives to long-off, wide long-off for a couple more;
29.5;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run flat on off, Wade gets low and sweeps to fine leg;
29.4;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run flat on middle, thick inside edge towards midwicket;
29.3;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run oh, ripping turn. Pitches on off, draws Bailey forward and then spins viciously away. Even Bailey claps him;
29.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run flat on middle, skids on. Blocked;
29.1;4;Aponso to Bailey, FOUR runs another reverse lap for four. Premeditates the reverse, gets a wide delivery and bailey just helps it along to the third man boundary. Easy.;
28.6;?;Perera to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, no turn. Wade strides forward to block;
28.5;W;Perera to Head, OUT gone this time! Head is lbw, trapped plumb in front. This one doesn't spin, Head plays for some. Flat through the air on off, the ball skids on and beats Head on the inside edge. No hesitation at all, gone.;Travis Head lbw b MDK Perera 40 (77m 60b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
28.4;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs shortish and wide outside off, slapped past cover for more runs;
28.3;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run gets down for the conventional sweep and hammers his pull to deep backward square leg;
28.2;?;Perera to Bailey, no run shapes for the reverse, this one pitches on leg and goes on further down. Bailey reverse slaps to cover;
28.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run short and wide, plenty of spin but easily cut to deep point. Got on top of the bounce there;
27.6;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run 84 kph, yikes. How did that miss? Another one for Bailey. Shortish outside off, most of those have been turning in all evening but this one skids on. Almost takes out off stump. Misses by not too much;
27.5;1;Aponso to Head, 1 run slow through the air, short. Turned to short leg who fires a throw to the non-strikers end. The bowler fumbles and allows the one;
27.4;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run uses his feet, drives to cover who fumbles and allows the run;
27.3;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run slow on off, spin. Good pace, good direction. Forces Bailey to respectfully block;
27.2;1;Aponso to Head, 1 run sees the flight early, steps down and drills a run to long-on;
27.1;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run nice, flight, loop and drift on middle, the perfect mix. Skids on with the arm and takes the inside edge towards fine leg;
26.6;?;Angelo Perera to Head, no run flight on middle and off, played with the turn to midwicket;
26.5;1;Angelo Perera to Bailey, 1 run poor delivery again, short and wide outside off. Sits up, Bailey stretches out and slaps to deep cover;
26.4;?;Angelo Perera to Bailey, no run the slider, Quick through the air, short and wide. Scythed but straight to point;
26.3;?;Angelo Perera to Bailey, no run flight outside off, bailey comes down and drives towards cover;
26.2;?;Angelo Perera to Bailey, no run flat and wide, a hint of turn. Left alone;
26.1;4;Angelo Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs tripe. A terrible start, a rank long-hop on off. Bailey picks up the length early, goes back in his crease and hammers the pull to deep midwicket. The fielder runs across from midwicket but can't haul it in;
25.6;?;Aponso to Head, no run good fielding, Head comes down and drives towards midwicket who prevent the run with a dive;
25.5;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run pushed towards cover for one;
25.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run ooh, gets low for the reverse but the ball isn't full enough, has enough of space to bounce over Bailey's reverse;
25.3;1;Aponso to Head, 1 run nice, runs down to the pitch and drives to long-on with the spin;
25.2;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run runs to the pitch of the ball, gets there but the ball still spins enough for the ball to squirt to deep cover off the outside half;
25.1;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run flight outside off, a hint of turn, skewed into the off side;
24.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
24.5;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run flighted on middle, whipped to midwicket again, off the front foot;
24.4;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs short, and Bailey picks it up early and tonks it through towards the midwicket boundary. Needed a great effort from the man there, running hard and diving to his right to stop the boundary;
24.3;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run;
24.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run short and wide, Head slaps it down to long-on. Not perfectly timed, but that's okay;
24.1;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run overpitched on off stump, Bailey knocks it down to long-on;
23.6;?;Aponso to Head, no run tossed up on off stump, driven back at Aponso;
23.5;?;Aponso to Head, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
23.4;?;Aponso to Head, no run;
23.3;?;Aponso to Head, no run extra bounce, but Head handles it well. Pitched outside off, had the batsman moving back for a flick. Does well to soften his hands and jam it down to the ground;
23.2;?;Aponso to Head, no run comes down the track and slaps it back at the bowler;
23.1;?;Aponso to Head, no run drilled back down the pitch, Aponso tries to get down to it, but can't quite hold on. Misfield doesn't cost him;
23.1;1w;Aponso to Head, 1 wide flighted down the leg side, Head looks to nudge it fine, doesn't connect;
22.6;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run looped up outside off, firmly defended;
22.5;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs now for the conventional sweep, and he does it gently to make sure the ball runs away fine;
22.4;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run goes for the reverse sweep, but finds point;
22.3;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run goes back and punches to long-off;
22.2;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run ooooh, almost knocks it back at the bowler! The ball held in the pitch and though he checks his shot. Couldn't do so quite as well as he would live. De Silva moves to his right, dives forward but couldn't get his hands underneath it in the end. Tough chance;
22.1;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs hit in the air, towards short midwicket. The fielder dives across to his left, but had no chance in reaching that.;
21.6;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run stays back, seems fine even when the ball darts back in at him from the left-arm orthodox spinner, drills it to long-on. Bailey playing a knock he would remember for a while yet;
21.5;1;Aponso to Head, 1 run flighted on leg stump, worked away to long-on;
21.4;?;Aponso to Head, no run goes back and hurriedly punches one that goes straight;
21.3;?;Aponso to Head, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
21.2;?;Aponso to Head, no run seems keen to step down the pitch, but Aponso doesn't allow that. Makes him defend on off stump;
21.1;?;Aponso to Head, no run flighted on leg stump, turned to midwicket;
20.6;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run beautiful drive! Head over the ball, body to the leg side to open up the region he was looking for and the angled bat threads the ball through the covers;
20.5;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run goes back and pats it to long-on;
20.4;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs poor fielding. Bailey could not time the reverse sweep because he had premeditated the shot and the bowler had pulled his length back. Had to get over the bounce, couldn't do so well enough. Mistimes it, and yet the point fielder can't do much about it;
20.3;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run comes down the track and hits mid-on;
20.2;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run goes for the reverse sweep and pulls a lot of dust out of the pitch. Also makes sure to hit the ball to point;
20.1;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run flighted outside off, defended;
19.6;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run short and outside off, cut to deep cover;
19.5;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run good length ball outside off, left alone;
19.4;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run plants his bat in front of pad and defends the flighted delivery on middle;
19.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run digs out this loopy ball on middle;
19.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run strides down the pitch, but once he realises he can't get to the ball on the full, he makes sure to defend with bat and pad close together;
19.1;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run tossed up and drifting in onto off stump, Bailey lashes a cover drive and gets a bottom edge;
18.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run flighted on middle, defended gently;
18.5;2;Dhananjaya to Head, 2 runs goes for a push into the covers, but the ball dips on him, goes on with the angle and wanders to long leg;
18.4;2;Dhananjaya to Head, 2 runs goes back and punches the short delivery to long-on;
18.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run rocks back and punches the flatter ball back and the bowler;
18.2;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run sweeps a good length ball on middle stump to long leg. That time he did not premeditate. Read the line, length and played it well;
18.1;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run goes back and punches to long-on;
17.6;4;Pathirana to Bailey, FOUR runs that's what he's done so well all innings. Getting those boundaries away. This is short, begging to be hit and Bailey puts it out of its misery through midwicket;
17.5;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run goes back to a length ball, lets it turn into him and flicks it behind square leg;
17.4;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run comes down the track, takes it on the full and drives to long-off . That's his half-century as well, off 40 balls. Superb knock;
17.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run gets forward to block, but he couldn't get to the pitch of the ball and ends up with an outside edge;
17.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run flighted on middle and leg, defended;
17.1;2;Pathirana to Bailey, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Bailey backs away and cuts to deep third man;
16.6;?;Perera to Head, no run opens the face to a good length ball outside off and finds point;
16.5;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run flat in trajectory, short in length, turning down leg. One of the easier deliveries Bailey has to face on tour. Pulls it to long leg;
16.4;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flighted outside off, Bailey comes forward to block;
16.3;1;Perera to Head, 1 run flighted on off stump, driven firmly to long-off. That's the fifty partnership;
16.2;4;Perera to Head, FOUR runs jumps back to a ball only slightly short, hurries into a cut shot, and he somehow manages to slice the ball past short third man;
16.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run goes for the reverse sweep, takes it from well outside leg stump. He's doing this really well. The spinners, though there is plenty of help, are not allowed to hit the lengths they want;
15.6;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run sweetly driven to long-off. Bailey's getting more and more comfortable at the crease. Getting to the pitch of the ball more often than not;
15.5;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run moves back to a length ball, looking to flick, but is put in a little trouble while doing so because of the sharp turn;
15.4;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flighted outside off, comes down the track and blocks;
15.3;1;Pathirana to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and outside off, punches through the covers;
15.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run presses forward to block in front of off stump;
15.1;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run flighted on off stump, drives to cover;
14.6;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs again, follows the ball as it turns sharply past him. Gets an outside edge past slip. Manages to keep it down nonetheless. That's drinks;
14.5;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run takes a flighted delivery outside off and whips it to long-on;
14.4;1;Perera to Head, 1 run flighted on off stump, Head follows the ball with his bat and gets the outside edge towards point;
14.3;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up on middle and off, defended firmly;
14.2;?;Perera to Head, no run good length ball on off stump, doesn't turn much. Head defends cautiously, waiting for the pitch to do its bit;
14.1;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs comes down the track, Dilruwan drags the line further outside off, makes the batsman reach. Head slaps it down to long-off, who misfields and Bailey is ready to capitalise on it. Great running;
14.1;1nb;Perera to Head, (no ball) bowled him! natural variation! Oh wait, he's overstepped! Had hurtled down the pitch, making room to hit the offspinner inside out. But the ball squirts in through the bat and pad gap to topple middle stump. Apparently that is the first no-ball of the series. A quick drink for the two batsman while the third umpire was checking on the front foot. Bailey pats Head on the arm, to get him going again.;
13.6;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run pushes down the track, Pathirana darts the ball wider, Bailey manages to push his bat in line with the ball and avoid being stumped;
13.5;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run lunges forward on off stump, defended;
13.4;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run gets down the track and drives back to the bowler;
13.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run beaten, can't do much with that. He plays the original line of the ball, pushing forward to block. He won't be able to reach the pitch, but the thing he does well is not follow the turn.;
13.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run turn, bounce, beaten. It was a touch short, Bailey went back to try and push it through the covers, then he sees the turn and tries to check his shot. Doesn't succeed;
13.1;4;Pathirana to Bailey, FOUR runs drags it short, and Bailey makes sure he picks the gap. Cracking cut shot to the left of the man in the deep. And despite the fielder's big dive, the ball trickles away;
12.6;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs flighted outside off, serenely driven to the right of long-off;
12.5;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs outside edge past slip! Slowed it down nicely, got it to drift in on leg stump, made Head prod in front of his body and the turn does the rest;
12.4;?;Perera to Head, no run stays back to a flatter delivery on off stump and gets an inside edge as he decides between attack and defence;
12.3;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run picked the shorter length early and clips it through to deep midwicket;
12.2;?;Perera to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, Bailey pushes forward and pads it more or less;
12.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to deep point;
11.6;4;Pathirana to Bailey, FOUR runs excellent strike! It was tossed up on off stump, Bailey runs at it, takes it on the full and hammers it over mid-on. Picked the spot where the fielder wasn't there, toyed with the bowler's length after Pathirana had previously toyed with his judgment of line. Revenge is sweet;
11.5;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
11.4;2;Pathirana to Bailey, 2 runs tossed up on middle, swept to the right of deep square leg;
11.3;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run a little short in length which allows Head to go back and flick to deep midwicket;
11.2;?;Pathirana to Head, no run huge appeal, Kusal Mendis is right in front of the umpire's face, yelling and flinging his hands up in the air for a catch at short leg. Palliyaguruge says no, Chandimal goes for a review. He will lose it. It's a good length ball to which Head had come down the track for a flick. The turn beat the inside edge, no glove, straight off the pad. Now they look to check the lbw. Impact was in line, but the turn would have taken the ball down leg;
11.1;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
10.6;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run appeal for a stumping, and umpire Palliyaguruge asks for some help. Poor appeal from Kusal. Bailey's back foot was perfectly ground and perfectly safe. Big turn again from a left-arm spinner, and the off stump somehow manages to avoid its wrath. Bailey defending down the wrong line again;
10.5;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run falls short of the bowler! Bailey had gone back and slapped this straight at Aponso, who dives forward, hoping to redeem himself, but can't quite get under the ball;
10.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run shortish delivery, turning sharply outside off, Bailey set up for the cut and ends up leaving it;
10.3;4;Aponso to Bailey, FOUR runs beats point with the reverse sweep! Tossed up on off stump, blitzed away. So much power in the shot that the fielder barely had the chance to see the ball;
10.2;1;Aponso to Head, 1 run came forward on off stump, but the length wasn't there, so he goes back and nudges it behind square leg;
10.1;?;Aponso to Head, no run flatter delivery outside off, hacked to mid-off. Wanted to cut, but there was too much turn and the bat face turned in his hand;
9.6;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run pushed into the covers, fairly gingerly;
9.5;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run pushes forward, this time he gets to the pitch, blocks it;
9.4;4;Pathirana to Bailey, FOUR runs poor ball there... Drags it short, Bailey is good enough to jump back and hammer it through the covers;
9.3;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run again, him batting on leg stump against Pathirana will not work. Pushes at the ball, guessing where it would be, but it turns wildly past the edge;
9.2;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run how did that miss the off stump?! Bailey was batting on leg stump, he lunges forward blindly, is beaten for the turn. Looked ripe to topple the stump, it looks worse in slow motion...;
9.1;?;Pathirana to Bailey, no run flighted onto leg stump, Bailey moved to the leg side for a cover drive, but the dip beats him. Makes the ball pitch on this worn surface, makes it turn and take the outside edge;
8.6;?;Perera to Head, no run beaten on the outside edge as Head goes for a cover drive on the up;
8.5;?;Perera to Head, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
8.4;?;Perera to Head, no run good length and outside off, clunks it to point;
8.3;4;Perera to Head, FOUR runs top shot! Flays at the width on offer - and it was short as well - all he had to do was pick the gap at point;
8.2;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run stays put on middle, clipped through midwicket;
8.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run goes back and cuts to deep third man. That's Australia's hundred, in the ninth over. May well be their fastest in one-day cricket;
7.6;1;Pathirana to Head, 1 run tossed up on middle, comes forward and nudges it through midwicket;
7.5;?;Pathirana to Head, no run slow, a little short, Head can hang back and work it behind square leg;
7.4;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flighted outside off, driven into the covers, excellent work with Chandimal diving to his right;
7.4;1w;Pathirana to Head, 1 wide pitches a little short and just outside off, Head waits in his crease and watches the ball turn big down the leg side;
7.3;?;Pathirana to Head, no run flighted on off stump, clipped to short leg;
7.2;?;Pathirana to Head, no run goes back and flicks to short leg, great work from Mendis, moving quickly to his left and dives to prevent the single;
7.1;W;Pathirana to Warner, OUT that is superb! Warner steps down the track, but he can't get to the pitch of the ball. Lovely flight, and then it dips on the batsman. So beautiful Warner tries to push at the ball, having originally planned to slam it down the ground. He doesn't know how much it would turn. He doesn't know what to do. Ends up defending inside the line and the ball beats his outside edge to crash into his stumps;David Warner b Pathirana 19 (36m 16b 3x4 0x6) SR: 118.75;
6.6;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs pushed through on leg stump, Bailey was almost tumbling over when he manages to thrust his bat in line with the ball with one hand and dab it away to fine leg;
6.5;6;Perera to Bailey, SIX runs down the track this time over long-on! Dilruwan had pulled his length back, but the batsman must have guessed that. Hared at him and flicks him away;
6.4;4;Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs another reverse sweep, this one from leg stump, the bat comes down in a punishing arc, meets the ball almost at the pitch and the power in the stroke is good enough to hit the point boundary again;
6.3;4;Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs reverse sweeps to the cover point boundary! How has he timed that? It pitched well outside leg, it would be turning further down that direction. Hit against the turn, hit with very little leverage to work with;
6.2;4;Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs goes down for the sweep, rolls his wrists over the ball and picks the gap past short fine leg. Australia are sticking to that shot;
6.1;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run bends his leg to get low to the flatter ball on leg stump and taps it into the covers. Quick single taken as the fielder doesn't pick up the ball;
5.6;2;Pathirana to Bailey, 2 runs nudged away through cover;
5.5;W;Pathirana to Khawaja, OUT two in the over! Khawaja stands, looks down, and walks off forlornly. This is tossed up on off stump, beats the inside edge of the prodding bat and thuds into the front pad. Right in front of middle, should be hitting leg, Pathirana screams, but no one can here him because all of Dambulla are screaming as well. Oh wait, HawkEye says that would be missing. There is plenty of turn out there, but that looked out to the naked eye...;Usman Khawaja lbw b Pathirana 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.4;?;Pathirana to Khawaja, no run good length ball, Khawaja goes back and clips to short fine leg;
5.3;W;Pathirana to Finch, OUT Pathirana pleads and pleads and pleads and finally umpire Palliyaguruge says yes. Finch given lbw, but he reviews. Pushed through on middle, Finch went for the premeditated sweep, his front foot was across, and he was hit on the edge of his front pad. Hit well in line. But would that go on to knock over leg stump? Oh, HawkEye says it would just clip it! The ball and the stump are almost tangential! The finest of margins, working in Sri Lanka's favour;Aaron Finch lbw b Pathirana 55 (26m 19b 8x4 3x6) SR: 289.47;
5.2;6;Pathirana to Finch, SIX runs has equalled the fastest fifty by an Australian! Took on a length ball on middle and swept it away over deep square leg. Massive strike.;
5.1;?;Pathirana to Finch, no run moves back to the leg side and punches into the covers;
4.6;1b;Perera to Finch, 1 bye missed it! He won't have the fastest fifty in ODI cricket, but he might have a shot at the Australian record - that is 18 balls. Loopy delivery on off stump, just the kind he had bashed before, but here I think his weight was a little on the back foot, as he tries to heave the ball over extra cover. The ball beats the inside edge and wanders past the keeper;
4.5;6;Perera to Finch, SIX runs he's on course for the fastest fifth in ODI cricket! Made room, took the half-volley and biffed it over long-off;
4.4;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run would have been out if that had been a direct hit. Hit to mid-off, ran with the shot, though he was at full-stretch, he wouldn't have made it;
4.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run goes back and cuts to cover;
4.2;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs beautiful reverse sweep. There was barely any room for him to use his hands. It was full and angled in from around the stumps on middle. He has such good hands and had kept his eyes firmly on the ball to set himself up;
4.1;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs skewed off the outside half of the bat, the 18-year old Avishka is running after it from point, trying to get under it, but he can't. Came down the track too early and Dilruwan pushed the ball wide of his reach;
3.6;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs seemed to make room on the leg side, so Aponso speared it into the pads, by which time Finch had magicked himself outside off and swept it away to the fine leg boundary. Moves to 43 off 14 now. the fastest ODI 50 is in 16 balls;
3.5;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs heaved away over long-on! That's the Australian 50 up in the fourth over! Lurches down the track, met the ball at its pitch on a good length, and simply demolishes it;
3.4;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run three men at point on the edge of the circle, so the cut shot, no matter how late he played it, wouldn't have beaten the ring;
3.3;2;Aponso to Warner, 2 runs steps down the track to a good length ball on off stump, moved himself outside the line of it so he could exploit the gap at midwicket;
3.2;4;Aponso to Warner, FOUR runs gets down the track, reaches the pitch of the ball, and slices it over cover. In the gap, so he could hit it in the air if he likes;
3.1;4;Aponso to Warner, FOUR runs reverse swatted him! A fairly decent delivery - tossed up outside off - but Warner bests it with a spurt of unorthodoxy;
2.6;?;Perera to Finch, no run stands and delivers a slap into the covers. Went short and wide there, Thisara, but the lack of pace helped him;
2.5;2;Perera to Finch, 2 runs deftly turned around to deep square leg. And the throw is awful. Doesn't have any power on it. Comes dribbling into the wicketkeeper and a risky double becomes oh so easy;
2.4;6;Perera to Finch, SIX runs deal with that if you bowl me a half-volley! Australia know when the ball gets soft, and the spinnes take over in the middle overs, run-scoring will be hard. So Finch takes on everything. Massive hit, straight as well;
2.3;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs full on off stump, Finch strides forward and hammers the ball down the ground. Loves the ball coming onto the bat. Beefy hit;
2.2;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs outside edge as he slashes outside off stump, carries to the third man boundary;
2.1;2;Perera to Finch, 2 runs on the pads to the right-hander, Finch clips it to deep square leg;
1.6;1;Aponso to Finch, 1 run backs away, gets a flat, quick delivery on leg stump, thumps it to long-off;
1.5;?;Aponso to Finch, no run good work from short fine leg as Finch goes for a sweep - concentrates on placement, nearly got it through the man.;
1.4;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs bang! Positions himself beside the ball, which pitched on middle and leg, and carves it over extra cover. High, handsome, powerful;
1.3;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs jumps back and laces the backfoot punch through point. Good on Finch to keep the bat straight with Aponso's ability to bowl a very accurate arm ball;
1.2;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs got a hand on it, was that Thisara? Sprinted to his left, then realised he has to backtrack, leaps up with one hand, but ends up palming it away. Misjudged it, just for a few seconds and that's all it needed to give a life. Probably had a little more time than he thought too. Finch went for the booming hit over extra cover, skews it in the other direction;
1.1;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs goes for the sweep immediately, huge appeal for leg before from the bowler and the wicketkeeper. Impact well outside off. The ball wanders away, no one looking after it, to the third man boundary;
0.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run has him falling over as he bowls full on middle, the angle of the ball makes sure Warner's flick results in a leading edge to point;
0.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run beaten on the inside edge! Lovely bowling from Thisara. Threw it wider for the drive, but the movement he manages to extract makes sure Warner is trumped;
0.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run checks his shot - he was looking for the punch through cover, but held back;
0.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run the line goes wrong here, and Warner would feel aggrieved that he couldn't put that away. The length was juicy for the flick, but Warner misses it and it flicks the pad;
0.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run good bowling. He's targeting middle stump, angling the ball away. Warner closes the face of his bat a touch and gets a bit of a leading edge;
0.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run 132 kph, that's not a bad start. Thisara goes full and straight, Warner digs it out of the blockhole;

6.50 pm We're back for the chase. SL need early wickets. Australia don't. The rain has all passed long ago. Covers had to be brought on at the break, but they've all been banished from view. Clear skies now. Thisara Perera has the new ball in hand. David Warner is not amused by everything behind the bowler's arm. Makes us all wait.. and wait... and... here we go
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
4th ODI (D/N), Dambulla, Aug 31 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
212
217/4
Player of the match is John Hastings, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 114 balls remaining)
