Data
Lovely moment for Nathan Ellis and he helps Australia finish strongly. It was a solid bowling and fielding display throughout. Mahmudullah held it together for Bangladesh with a run-a-ball half-century but it was hard work with the bat after Afif Hossain departed. Josh Hazlewood and Adam Zampa also excellent with the ball. Can Australia keep the series alive? Himanshu will be with you for the start of the chase
19.6;W;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, OUT and he's done it! A hat-trick for Ellis. Dropped in short, he went for the pull and it's safely held at deep square;Mahedi Hasan c Agar b Ellis 6 (22m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
19.5;W;Ellis to Mustafizur, OUT big swing to the leg side, taken at deep midwicket. He's on a hat-trick! Full outside off, swing or bust at this stage, Mustafizur couldn't get the power and distance needed;Mustafizur Rahman c Marsh b Ellis 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;W;Ellis to Mahmudullah, OUT but he's cleaned up now! A first wicket for Ellis. Full at the stumps, a rather weary-looking Mahmudullah misses his swing;Mahmudullah b Ellis 52 (87m 53b 4x4 0x6) SR: 98.11;
19.3;4;Ellis to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs that's effective! A short-of-a-length slower ball, he swings to the leg side and the bottom comes off the bat but it's placed perfectly behind square. Fifty for the captain. He's held things together;
19.2;1;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full outside off, gets a big inside edge as he swings hard, bobbles down by his feet and then run...Ellis sprints from his follow through;
19.1;?;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, no run a slower-ball bouncer, he swings through a pull and is beaten...he wants the wide call;
18.6;?;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, no run charges down the pitch to another short delivery, swings hard and doesn't' connect;
18.5;4;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs superbly played! Moves across the crease and scoops a short-of-a-length delivery down to fine leg;
18.4;?;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, no run swings across the line at a good-length slower ball, he's through his shot and nearly cleaned up;
18.3;1;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run a straight full toss, drilled to long-on;
18.2;1;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, 1 run full at off stump, connects pretty well with a swing down the ground but it's one bounce to long-on;
18.2;1nb;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, (no ball) oh dear, that's come out wrong! It's a head-high full toss...a slower ball that slipped out, attempt at a knuckle ball;
18.1;1;Hazlewood to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run full and straight, clipped off the pads to long leg;
17.6;4;Ellis to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs gets this one away, strong shot, Ellis just misses his yorker from round the wicket and it's a half volley that is driven firmly over cover;
17.5;2;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 2 runs round the wicket, full at the stumps, swings firmly across the line to deep midwicket;
17.4;1;Ellis to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run back of a length at off stump, 111kph, worked into midwicket...no big damage being done at the moment;
17.3;1;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 1 run a short delivery, he's advancing down the pitch and swats a pull to deep square;
17.2;?;Ellis to Mahmudullah, no run terrific yorker, all he can do is jam down on it;
17.1;2;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 2 runs a slower ball, back of a length, played square through the off side;
16.6;?;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, no run that looked a slightly more round-arm delivery, full at the stumps, can't get it away. Tidy over;
16.5;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run this one is worked off the face to short fine leg;
16.4;1lb;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 leg bye full into the pads, tickled very fine past the keeper...came off the pad;
16.3;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full at off stump, pushed into point;
16.2;2;Agar to Mahmudullah, 2 runs brings out a reverse scoop, lands short of a sprawling Hazlewood and short third man...he played about three shots to that delivery;
16.1;1;Agar to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run round the wicket, bowled quickly into the surface, pulled to deep midwicket;
15.6;1;Christian to Mahedi Hasan, 1 run low full toss at the stumps, played down to long-on;
15.5;?;Christian to Mahedi Hasan, no run good length, cutter, defended to cover;
15.4;W;Christian to Mahmudullah, OUT another direct hit! Australia on target tonight. Henriques this time. A full delivery driven straight to cover, he sets off with the shot, it's a clean pick and he had time to take aim;Nurul Hasan run out (Henriques) 11 (9m 5b 0x4 1x6) SR: 220;
15.3;2;Christian to Mahmudullah, 2 runs length delivery angled into the pads, clipped backward of square and placed nicely for the second;
15.2;1;Christian to Nurul, 1 run slower ball, full and straight, tapped into midwicket and Christian chases it himself;
15.1;1;Christian to Mahmudullah, 1 run good length outside off, nudged into backward point;
14.6;?;Zampa to Nurul, no run drags the length back a touch, on off stump, square cuts to backward point;
14.5;6;Zampa to Nurul, SIX runs that's big! Not messing with dabs and paddles this time, stands in the crease and swings powerfully through the line well over long-on;
14.4;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run full at leg stump, dug out through midwicket;
14.3;3;Zampa to Nurul, 3 runs blimey, he went down into a scoop position before Zampa let that go, manages to paddle towards short fine leg..."how did he hit that past the stump," asks Wade. It went through his legs past leg stump!;
14.2;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run clubbed down the ground to long-on;
14.1;1;Zampa to Nurul, 1 run flicks a full delivery into midwicket;
13.6;?;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, no run another good delivery, good length and nips back to cramp him for room, played to backward point. It's been high-class from Hazlewood tonight;
13.5;?;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, no run good length at off stump, a Test match length, defended back to the bowler;
13.4;W;Hazlewood to Shamim Hossain, OUT a bit of an ugly heave! Short of a length, goes for a cross-batted swipe and it skews into the midwicket area where McDermott makes good ground and stretches to grab it;Shamim Hossain c McDermott b Hazlewood 3 (9m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
13.3;?;Hazlewood to Shamim Hossain, no run drives a full delivery and gets a thick inside edge into his boot;
13.2;1;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, 1 run whipped strongly off the stumps to deep square leg;
13.1;1;Hazlewood to Shamim Hossain, 1 run over the wicket, full at off stump, driven just to the left of mid-off inside the circle;
12.6;1;Zampa to Shamim Hossain, 1 run goes back in the crease and taps a length delivery into midwicket;
12.5;?;Zampa to Shamim Hossain, no run square drives and finds backward point;
12.4;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run full outside off, comes forward and drives to the sweeper;
12.3;1;Zampa to Shamim Hossain, 1 run driven down to long-on;
12.2;?;Zampa to Shamim Hossain, no run touch shorter, worked to the leg side and he's wisely sent back;
12.1;?;Zampa to Shamim Hossain, no run full at middle and leg, defended to cover;
11.6;W;Christian to Afif, OUT direct hit! Excellent work from Carey at cover. Was a full delivery driven straight the fielder and he's well short. Carey was side-on, so only had about one stump to aim at;Afif Hossain run out (Carey) 19 (21m 13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 146.15;
11.5;1lb;Christian to Mahmudullah, 1 leg bye squared up, huge appeal for lbw, the ball rebounds away wide of the keeper and the review is called. Was a good-length delivery, a leg-cutter, it gripped and straighten to beat the edge and take the back leg. Outside the line? Umpire's call on impact and hitting;
11.4;1;Christian to Afif, 1 run round the wicket, dabs a wide delivery to short third man for a sharp single;
11.3;1;Christian to Mahmudullah, 1 run full and straight, worked backward of square;
11.2;2;Christian to Mahmudullah, 2 runs a straight delivery, back of a length, seems to keep a little low and it's worked off the pads to long leg...another cutter/slower ball with the fingers rolling across it;
11.1;?;Christian to Mahmudullah, no run full outside off, runs it to short third man with an open face;
10.6;2;Ellis to Afif, 2 runs slower delivery, full and straight, worked through midwicket and the pace on the shot allows them to hurry back for the second. Good batting;
10.5;4;Ellis to Afif, FOUR runs short of a length and that's very nicely put away, pulled off the hip backward of square. Superb timing and placement;
10.4;2;Ellis to Afif, 2 runs another slower ball, full outside off, sweetly driven through the covers...out of the back of the hand that time;
10.3;1;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 1 run very full at off stump, 114kph, flicked to deep midwicket;
10.2;1;Ellis to Afif, 1 run a slower ball outside off, chopped into the off side;
10.1;1;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 1 run full outside off, driven to the cover sweeper;
9.6;?;Agar to Afif, no run another full ball on off, and driven back to the bowler slightly in the air;
9.5;2;Agar to Afif, 2 runs just beats the man at deep midwicket. Swings his bat to this full ball on middle and off, and just about gets it to the left of the fielder, who goes down to pull back the ball;
9.4;?;Agar to Afif, no run full ball on middle and off, blocked back;
9.4;1w;Agar to Afif, 1 wide sharp turn down the leg side. Fullish ball on middle and off, and Wade collects it outside leg. Wide given;
9.3;6;Agar to Afif, SIX runs slogged over deep midwicket! Comes down the track to this full ball on off, and goes down on his back knee to swing that away for the maximum. The first six of the innings;
9.2;?;Agar to Afif, no run skips down to play this like a full-toss on off, but pushed back to the bowler;
9.1;1lb;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 leg bye goes for sweep pretty early and goes across off stump as well. But this ball is full on middle and leg, and takes his pad toward the off side;
8.6;?;Zampa to Afif, no run beaten by the quicker ball. Full and just outside off, as he goes for the drive but the ball beats his outside edge;
8.5;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run this full ball on middle and off turns into him. Clipped toward fine leg;
8.4;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run gets an inside edge to this push, as Zampa goes full on off. He wants a run, but is denied by Afif;
8.3;1;Zampa to Afif, 1 run very full on off, and pushed to deep point slightly in the air;
8.2;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run short of a length on off, and a hint of turn away from the right hander. Cut away to deep point;
8.1;W;Zampa to Shakib, OUT taken by long-off running forward! Zampa strikes first ball of his second over as well. Tosses it up full and outside off, as Shakib makes room to try and loft that over the bowler's head. Agar at long-off runs forward, and completes a good take while bending low as well;Shakib Al Hasan c Agar b Zampa 26 (29m 17b 4x4 0x6) SR: 152.94;
7.6;1;Marsh to Shakib, 1 run slower delivery on middle and off, and he clips toward deep square to round off the over with 15 runs;
7.5;4;Marsh to Shakib, FOUR runs cut away to the right of deep point this time. Short and wide of off, and he cuts powerfully to find the gap. Two boundaries in a row here;
7.4;4;Marsh to Shakib, FOUR runs scoops over the keeper's head. Short of a length and outside off, and he is back and across off to loft that with both fine leg and third man inside the circle;
7.3;1;Marsh to Mahmudullah, 1 run taps this full ball on off to point from deep in his crease;
7.2;4;Marsh to Mahmudullah, FOUR runs juts about finds the gap between long-on and deep midwicket. Full ball and in the slot on off, and he swings his bat through to hit in the air. The ball just bounced before the rope though, as both fielders rushed in in vain;
7.1;1;Marsh to Shakib, 1 run slower ball on a good length ball on middle and off. Cut away to deep point;
6.6;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run down the pitch, and clips this full ball on middle and off to fine leg;
6.5;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run full ball on off, and keeps low. Tapped toward midwicket, as they complete a quick single;
6.4;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run another full ball on middle and leg, pushed toward square leg. Shakib is off for a run, but is sent back;
6.3;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run full ball just outside off, and driven to the right of extra cover with the full face of the bat;
6.2;1;Agar to Mahmudullah, 1 run good length on middle and leg, tucked behind to short fine leg for a single;
6.1;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run good turn away from the batter. Full ball on off, and goes away from the bat as he came forward to defend;
5.6;4;Ellis to Shakib, FOUR runs top edge, but flies over the keeper. Goes for the pull to this shortish ball on off, but it is not all that short to play the pull. Nevertheless, Wade can only see the ball sail to his left for four;
5.5;?;Ellis to Shakib, no run much fuller on middle and off, at just 115kph. Taps to the covers, and wants a run. But is denied by the non-striker;
5.4;2;Ellis to Shakib, 2 runs short delivery on middle and leg, and pulled behind himself for a couple;
5.3;1;Ellis to Mahmudullah, 1 run slower ball again and a fullish length on middle and off. Keeps pretty low, as it is tapped to point. Mahmudullah took off for a single, and the throw arrived, with the ball ricocheting off the stumps to allow a run eventually;
5.2;?;Ellis to Mahmudullah, no run good length ball on middle and off. Pushed from deep in his crease to the man at midwicket;
5.1;1;Ellis to Shakib, 1 run slower delivery first up. Short of a length as well on middle and off, as Shakib waits for the ball to arrive and dabs that late to third man;
4.6;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run short of a length on middle, and cut to cover. The batter misses out on an opportunity there;
4.5;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run sweeps straight to square leg, and just short of Mitchell Marsh. Full ball on off, and he was down on his knees to hammer that. But the ball could only reach as far as square leg;
4.4;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run this is much slower on middle. Turns off a full length, and is blocked;
4.3;?;Agar to Mahmudullah, no run quicker and flatter on middle. At 100kph, and full ball. Pushed back to the bowler;
4.2;1;Agar to Shakib, 1 run goes for a pre-meditated sweep to this full ball on middle and off, but gets an inside edge toward deep square;
4.1;4;Agar to Shakib, FOUR runs uppishly driven, but beats point and cover-point. Full ball on off, and Shakib goes full swing with his slash. Lucky escape;
3.6;2;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, 2 runs taps this full ball outside off over the leaping point fielder, with the ball racing down to third man;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 run goes deep in his crease to push that fullish ball on middle and leg to square leg;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Shakib, no run squares him up! Another good length ball on middle and leg, angling away as Shakib is complete beaten with the bounce and the swing. Excellent ball;
3.3;1;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, 1 run short fine leg dives to his left, but safe. Christian got a hand, but that will go down as a drop. Good length ball on middle and leg, as he flicked but got it off the inside half of the bat. Christian was going to his wrong side, and so it would always have been difficult;
3.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Shakib, 1 leg bye very full on middle and leg, and angles in further. He flicks, but the ball strikes his pad after an inside edge with Hazlewood going for the slower ball as well;
3.1;1;Hazlewood to Mahmudullah, 1 run fullish ball on off, good bounce with the ball coming in as well. Tucked off the inside edge toward square leg;
2.6;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run full on middle again, and he taps toward square leg to complete a rapid single;
2.5;1;Zampa to Shakib, 1 run full ball on off, and pushed to mid-off to get off the mark;
2.4;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run rushes down the track to this full ball on off, and that goes aerially to long-off. Wade from behind says, "Oh my, this is good!";
2.4;1w;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 wide full and down the leg side. Wide is called;
2.3;2;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 2 runs this time Mahmudullah goes for the sweep. Full delivery on middle and off, and he is down on his back knee while swinging that to the left of deep square leg;
2.2;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run full ball on off, and this was a googly. Defended off the inside half of the bat to the on side;
2.1;W;Zampa to Soumya, OUT appeal for leg before, and the umpire takes his time to give that out! But Soumya reviews. Soumya goes for the sweep first ball against the legspinner, who pitches it full on middle and leg. The ball turned a little into the left-hander, who was hit on the front pad. No inside edge is confirmed by UltraEdge. That is umpire's call on hitting, and so it remains out. Zampa strikes first ball;Soumya Sarkar lbw b Zampa 2 (12m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
1.6;W;Hazlewood to Mohammad Naim, OUT thin edge behind, and gone! A very Test match-like ball to get the first man out. Fullish length on middle with what seemed like a hint of movement away first, but eventually held its line as the batter tried to open the bat face and guide that down to third man. The ball took the outside edge instead, as Wade collected it low to his left;Mohammad Naim c ?Wade b Hazlewood 1 (9m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.5;1;Hazlewood to Soumya, 1 run good length ball on middle and off, and he taps to third man from close to his body;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run Short of a length just outside off, and he goes for the pull but is beaten with the ball seaming away from the left-hander. Not in control of that shot, as he seemed to have played too early while the ball really took off from the surface;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run goes for the poke to this full ball in the off-stump channel, but that's pretty quick as he plays in the line of the stumps eventually. The ball goes to the keeper on the bounce;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run dabs this fullish ball on middle and off close to his body, but on the bounce to the keeper;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run good length ball on middle and leg. He is pushed back in his crease, as he tucks it toward square leg;
0.6;1;Turner to Soumya, 1 run difficult catch dropped at square leg. Carey leaps and gets a hand, but can't get hold of it. Soumya heaves across the line to this full ball on middle and off, but gets it off the inside half of the bat. The ball eventually trickles toward deep square leg, as they sneak a single;
0.5;?;Turner to Soumya, no run is that a stumping? The square leg umpire goes upstairs. Good length ball pitched on middle, and angling into the batter. He goes for the clip, but replays show the ball just disturbed the edge of his front pad. And momentum took his back leg in the air as Wade dislodged the bails;
0.4;?;Turner to Soumya, no run full ball on middle and leg, pushed toward mid-on;
0.3;?;Turner to Soumya, no run much quicker and shorter on off, turning into the batter. Pushed toward midwicket;
0.2;?;Turner to Soumya, no run leading edge to cover, but safe. Fuller on middle and leg, and he looks to flick but gets an edge toward the off side;
0.1;1;Turner to Mohammad Naim, 1 run fullish length on middle, he tucks it to square leg and they complete a rapid run;

And he backs out first ball after running in
Out come Soumya Sarkar and Mohammad Naim. And it is Turner with the new ball for Australia, around the wicket to Naim.
7.11pm Thanks Gnasher. A tasty contest on the cards here.
7.10pm Ryan ahmed: "Can't understand why Bangladesh are batting first! DL mathod may come later and the ground is wet too!" We shall see. I'll now hand over to Himanshu.
7.00pm Bangladesh have won the toss and will bat
Bangladesh 1 Mohammad Naim, 2 Soumya Sarkar, 3 Shakib Al Hasan, 4 Mahedi Hasan, 5 Mahmudullah (capt), 6 Afif Hossain, 7 Shamim Hossain, 8 Nurul Hasan (wk), 9 Nasum Ahmed, 10 Mustafizur Rahman, 11 Shoriful Islam
Bangladesh are unchanged as they seek the series win
Australia 1 Matthew Wade (capt & wk), 2 Ben McDermott, 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Moises Henriques, 5 Alex Carey, 6 Ashton Turner, 7 Dan Christian, 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Nathan Ellis, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
McDermott, Christian and Ellis (on debut) in for Josh Philippe, Mitchell Starc and Andrew Tye. The quick bowlers have been rested
6.45pm We have some new timings in:
7.00pm toss
7.15pm start
10 mins between innings with no overs lost
And it appears we've had a cap presentation to Nathan Ellis, the Hobart Hurriances and Tasmania quick, but will get that confirmed shortly
A F M Ashrafur: "BBC weather forecast says the chances of rain decreases up until 3 am tonight." I love cricket, but hope the game isn't still going at 3am
6.40pm Still waiting for official word, but unofficially things are sounding better with movement in the middle. Matthew Wade and Justin Langer spotted checking out the pitch and Bangladesh players are warming up. Russell Domingo now having a chat with his players

6.15pm Awaiting another update on conditions but hearing that things may be improving. And the covers are off again
Shaon: "It's 8 a.m. in Philadelphia, USA . Woke up at 5 a.m. for a early breakfast to get ready to watch this game. Oh my luck!"
6.00pm As we wait, here's a really interesting and informative read on what it's been like inside the bio-bubbles of the last year
Shorif Uddin: "Why do you belittle Bangladesh's win over Australia? Please give some credit and respect to this Bangladesh as they took it 2-0 lead over quite strong despite the Aussies have not Warner and Maxwell." Not sure I've belittled it at all! Bangladesh have been excellent, we were discussing how good Mustafizur was earlier. And Australia's bowling attack is still very good.
5.55pm The mopping up is underway and a few players on the outfield. Still pretty cloudy around the stadium. Appears it has started to rain again...could be one of those nights
Aayushman: "Speaking of Labuschagne, he needs to be certainly picked for the T20 World Cup, given his recent run for the Glamorgan. Can be a substitute for Smith, offers a spin-bowling option, and a highly energetic cricketer."
Ontik Hoque: "Granted, Australia did not come to Bangladesh with full-strength batting lineup, but Bangladesh is also playing without their two batting veterans, Tamim and Mushfiqur." Indeed, just as West Indies were also missing some players
5.50pm Naseef: "A lot of talk about Australia missing Smith, Khawaja, and the other big names. Where is Labuschagne?" They left him to play county cricket for Glamorgan due to travel difficulties and considering he wasn't a certain pick in the T20 side.
Shahriar Antic: "From the live telecast it can be seen that the rain stopeed in Mirpur on the other hand Mirpur stadium has a great drainage system. So we have a chance to get a full game here." This sounds more promising. The covers are being removed
5.40pm Nabil: "People underestimate Fizz speed. His faster ball is around 137 to 139. Recently he has developed an inswinger to right hand batsman and a back if the hand slower ball that goes away. He is going to surprise a lot if people in the coming days even in good wickets" Hopefully he can be fit and firing for the T20 World Cup. Makes such a difference to the attack
joynul: " Mirpur's drainage system is amazing. If rain stopped, we will quickly get on with the game." Love good drainage
Summer Joe: "Alex Carey seems extremely unlikely to make the T20 WC squad given his batting position and recent record. Don't see the logic of Australia playing him above McDermott or Dan Christian." Yeah, I tend to agree. They've wanted to try and play an extra left hander.
5.30pm We are in for a delayed toss here. Will bring you more info as I get it
Fayaz: "Still I don't understand, why CA didn't select Maxwell and Stoinis for this series? Any specific reason for that?" They both opted out due to bubble fatigue
Mohammad Wahid: "Just drove near Mirpur stadium, it rained heavily for quite some time. A 6 PM start is out of question."
Rafiq Fahim: "I am waiting from morning today that when 6pm will come and Bangladesh will beat them to take lead 3-0 . But unfortunately raining heavily here in Gulshan, Few KM away from Mirpur. The sky is too gloomy." Hopefully we can still get a game
5.20pm S. M. MOHAMMAD : "@Andrew, Not agreed saying Fizz a quick spinner. He certainly delivering some yorker at 130 speed" He's assessed these conditions superbly. What he can do with his variations is superb
Sam Ridsdale: "Do we know if McDermott is fit again yet?" Yeah, he's available for selection
Patrick: "I hope Dan Christian plays today. He didn't get much of a go in the Caribbean, and he's done well across the globe in this format. Swepson probably worth a go as well on this pitch."
5.10pm Rakib: "Hi Gnasher! Read the preview...I doubt McDermott would solve the Aussie batting problems, they missing Khawaja and Smith so badly on these slowing turning tracks!" Oh, for sure, not saying he's a solution but may as well give him a game or two
Shariful Islam: "Heavy rain at the stadium area. I can see the field from my roof!!!!" Oh dear
5.05pm Bangladesh's spinners have been a handful for Australia but Mustafizur Rahman has also played a key role - or is he effectively a quick spinner? He did Josh Philippe and Ashton Agar all ends up in the previous match.

Imran: "It's raining hard in Mirpur, Dhaka - 2 km away from the stadium." Dhaka and Nottingham...(although the latter is about to resume).
Sumon: "Prospect of going 3-0 up against Aussies, I would laugh at anyone saying this to me. But that's how incredible these past couple of days have been! Come on, tigers!"
5.00pm Hello everyone and welcome to coverage of the third game of this series. Bangladesh are 2-0 up as things stand so could wrap it up today - and the way Australia's batting has gone so far you wouldn't bet against it. I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Himanshu Agrawal will bring you all the action. To get up to speed, here's the preview.
 Innings Start
11.07 pm: Bit of a surprise with Mahmudullah being the player of the match. I'd have thought it was a cinch for the Fizz. But Mahmdullah batted well too. That's it from us for this game's coverage. We'll catch you soon for the fourth T20I.
Mahmudullah is the captain and the Player of the Match: I think the boys stood up at important times. The way they fought tonight was incredible to see. I think it wasn't a 150 wicket. When me and Shakib were batting, we were thinking that one of us has to go through till the 16th or 17th over. One set batter had to be there. For the new batters it was tough. They were bowling well. But (our) bowlers did the job really well, lot of cutters and slower balls. When we were about to go in the field, I wanted Shakib to have a chat with the team. He said that no matter what happens we have to take an early wicket, and get the pressure up. Mustafiz did a brilliant job once again, he was outstanding tonight. We had a chat in Zimbabwe when we finished our T20 games that we need to step up. We felt we are a very good side, though the ranking doesn't show that. But we always felt we are a very balanced side. We just need to play with a big heart and balanced mind while executing our skills.
Matthew Wade: Bowlers have been really good, kept us in most of the games. 120-130. We just didn't take the opportunities with the bat which was disappointing. (Easy chase) Wasn't really the feeling in the box. We know their closing overs are really hard .Some of their bowlers won't give more than four-five runs an over. If the required rate gets up to 6-7 it's challenging and 8 is very difficult. (Nathan Ellis debut) Yeah it's a funny game cricket. He could have gone none for 34, last three balls he's gone 3 for 34. It can turn around really quickly and that's how we'll look at the rest of the series. T20 World Cup coming up so every match is gold.
Presentationsl coming up
Bangladesh win by 10 runs and secure a series against Australia for the first time in any format. A fantastic performance with the ball, led by Mustafizur Rahman. They battled to 127 with the bat then defended like Tigers. When Mitch Marsh and Ben McDermott were together Australia were well placed, but it was very difficult for new batters.
19.6;1;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, 1 run slings it down the pitch and it's dragged to deep midwicket! Bangladesh have done it;
19.5;?;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, no run full and wide, driven to cover...the celebrations have started!;
19.4;1;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, fired in at the pads, brilliant comeback from the bowler, only rebounds away for one;
19.4;2nb;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, (no ball) 1 run big full toss, pulled backward of square but it's only a single...but, oh goodness, it's a no-ball for height!;
19.3;?;Mahedi Hasan to Christian, no run superbly bowled! Gets it very full and Christian can only drill it back to the bowler. Doesn't take a run from the rebound;
19.2;1;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, 1 run gets this very full at the stumps, dragged into the leg side off the bottom edge. Only one. Bangladesh breathe;
19.1;6;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, SIX runs clears long-on! This isn't over yet, folks. Short outside off, he rocks back and heaves it over the ropes;
18.6;?;Mustafizur to Christian, no run a yorker outside off, chopped into the ground and bounces to the keeper. Magnificent from Mustafizur, just magnificent;
18.5;?;Mustafizur to Christian, no run a huge charge down the pitch and misses a wild heave...this is very tough now for Australia;
18.4;?;Mustafizur to Christian, no run brilliant, again! A cutter that grips from a line heading for the stumps, beats the edge and is through to the keeper;
18.3;?;Mustafizur to Christian, no run another dot ball! Gets squared up around middle and leg looking to work to the on side;
18.2;1;Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run very wide outside, would have been called but Carey walked across the crease and drove it to deep cover;
18.1;?;Mustafizur to Carey, no run full outside off, he tries to slog-sweep but plays over the top of it. Dot ball. Gold dust;
17.6;4;Shoriful Islam to Christian, FOUR runs short of a length, swings across the line, gets a big top edge and it scoots away to third man!. Australia stay in touch;
17.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Carey, 1 run short, very wide outside off, takes the toe end of the bat as Carey thrashes it square;
17.4;4;Shoriful Islam to Carey, FOUR runs short of a length, connects strongly with a swatted pull that goes wide of long-on for a precious boundary;
17.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Christian, 1 run back of a length, straight, pushed through point;
17.2;1;Shoriful Islam to Carey, 1 run full, wide outside off, drives through the covers to the sweeper...Bangladesh won't worry about singles now;
17.1;W;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, OUT high the air, taken at long-off! Wild celebrations for Bangladesh. Short of a length, Marsh tried to go down the ground but it skewed off the bat. Long-off, Naim, did well to make the ground in and take the catch. Is that the game?;Mitchell Marsh c Mohammad Naim b Shoriful Islam 51 (75m 47b 6x4 1x6) SR: 108.51;
16.6;?;Mustafizur to Carey, no run defeats him again! Length outside off, goes without saying it's a slower ball, turns and dies under Carey's bat as he swings to leg. Another masterful over from Mustafizur;
16.5;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run tight run as Marsh can only run this short-of-a-length delivery to backward point;
16.4;1;Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run short outside off, Carey connects well with his but sends it straight into the non-striker's stumps...extra fielder for Bangladesh that time!;
16.3;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run short of a length, Marsh walks at it and taps into the leg side to reach his fifty off 45 balls;
16.2;1;Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run wide outside off, Carey goes across the crease and fetches it with what becomes a sweep, out to deep square;
16.1;?;Mustafizur to Carey, no run beats him, back of a length outside off, grips and scoots under the bottom edge;
15.6;2;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 2 runs full and straight, driven wide of long-off this time so it's another brace. Decent over for Australia;
15.5;2;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 2 runs on the stumps this time, driven to long-off and there's a fumble which allows a second;
15.4;4;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, FOUR runs short outside off, quite quick as well, Marsh uses the pace to his advantage and places a square cut through backward point. Much-needed boundary;
15.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, this slides on, Carey steps back and plays square into the off side;
15.2;1;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, 1 run a very round-arm delivery, almost Kedar Jadhav like, driven to deep cover;
15.1;?;Mahedi Hasan to Marsh, no run pushed through flat and quick, nearly defeats Marsh;
14.6;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run tight to off stump, using his feet again and plays square towards backward point;
14.5;2;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 2 runs walks at the bowler then whips a back-of-a-length delivery from outside off towards long-on;
14.4;1;Shoriful Islam to Carey, 1 run good length at the stumps, tap and run into the off side. Might have been tight with a clean pick up;
14.3;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run full on the pads, worked to deep midwicket;
14.2;1;Shoriful Islam to Carey, 1 run back of a length, straight, tucked into midwicket;
14.1;W;Shoriful Islam to Henriques, OUT chipped straight mid-on! He can make amends, that's for sure. Full and straight, Henriques trying to clear the leg side - I think - but just presents a simple chance. Seemed a little in two minds with the shot;Moises Henriques c Shamim Hossain b Shoriful Islam 2 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
13.6;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run drifts in on a full length, calmly played down the ground to keep the strike;
13.5;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run gets this through the off side but just a single to the sweeper;
13.4;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run very full, driven to cover;
13.3;1;Shakib to Henriques, 1 run full and straight, pushed firmly down to long-off;
13.2;W;Shakib to McDermott, OUT cleans him up! There's the breakthrough. McDermott trying to repeat the shot of the previous ball but this time he plays over it. Might have taken a bit of bottom edge;Ben McDermott b Shakib Al Hasan 35 (56m 41b 0x4 2x6) SR: 85.36;
13.1;2;Shakib to McDermott, 2 runs round the wicket, full and straight, McDermott sweeps strongly through square leg;
12.6;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run and another dot to finish, drives a full delivery square to point. Superb from the Fizz, five dots balls and should have had a wicket;
12.5;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run again he finds point as he plays square into the off side... a left-arm spinner from Mustafizur;
12.4;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run pushed across full outside off, Marsh chases it with a drive and misses...that moved away very late off the pitch;
12.3;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run length ball on the stumps, he tries to open the face but finds point;
12.2;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run full at the stumps, Marsh gets squared up as he defends;
12.1;1;Mustafizur to McDermott, 1 run dropped! Short of a length at the body, McDermott got underneath his pull and it went almost straight to Shoriful at long leg. What a moment that could be. A lot of hands on heads from Bangladesh;
11.6;1;Nasum to McDermott, 1 run full at off stump, driven in the air but safely through the covers;
11.5;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run and now Marsh does the same, his shot goes a little squarer;
11.4;1;Nasum to McDermott, 1 run that's a delicate stroke, gets across the crease and paddles through short fine leg;
11.3;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run goes for a slog sweep, it's full outside off, doesn't connect and it's far from off stump;
11.2;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run drills this one into his boot and it bobbles to the off side;
11.1;2;Nasum to McDermott, 2 runs round the wicket, gives himself a touch of room and drives off the stumps through the off side;
10.6;1;Soumya to McDermott, 1 run nudges a length delivery through the leg side;
10.5;1;Soumya to Marsh, 1 run full at the pads, worked off the toes to deep midwicket;
10.4;4;Soumya to Marsh, FOUR runs pulled in front of square and places it well, dragged down very slow and short;
10.3;1;Soumya to McDermott, 1 run back of a length, punched square into the off side off the back foot;
10.2;1;Soumya to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, driven down the ground;
10.1;1;Soumya to McDermott, 1 run flicked from outside off to deep midwicket;
9.6;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run good length just outside off, and that is pushed back to the bowler. He gives a glare himself now;
9.5;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run hits his body as he misses his pull. Fullish ball on middle, and Marsh can't get this one away;
9.4;4;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, FOUR runs pulled to the right of deep square leg! Short of a length on middle and leg, and he swivels this pull from deep in his crease. Another boundary, and pressure on Shoriful now;
9.3;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run inside edge just past his off stump. Goes for the pull to this full ball outside off, as the ball takes his bottom edge and the keeper collects by diving to his left;
9.2;4;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, FOUR runs beats deep point to his right! Drives this full length ball outside off in the slot, and bags four. It was a slower ball, but he timed that well;
9.1;1;Shoriful Islam to McDermott, 1 run misfield at cover allows a single. A slower ball just outside off, and driven with a crackling sound. But the ball trickles off the fielder to his left, and the batters run easily;
8.6;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run driven down to long-on, with Shakib again going full on off;
8.5;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run flicked to midwicket off this full ball on middle and off;
8.4;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run low full-toss on off after he tosses it up. Pushed back to the bowler;
8.3;6;Shakib to McDermott, SIX runs pulled with the turn over the midwicket fence. Shortish length on middle, and turns a touch as he cracks that from deep in his crease;
8.2;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run given some air and bowled full on leg. Driven down to long-off after giving himself room;
8.1;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run good length on middle, and turns away a touch. Pulled just past the left of the man at midwicket;
7.6;1;Shoriful Islam to McDermott, 1 run good length delivery and wide of off. Driven off the back foot to deep point after riding the bounce;
7.5;1;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, 1 run gets the pull away this time. Good length on middle and leg, and he swivels one to fine leg;
7.4;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run another good length ball on middle and off. Marsh takes a step or two down, but bunts that to cover;
7.3;?;Shoriful Islam to Marsh, no run shortish in length on middle and leg, and he gets his pull off the bottom half of the bat back to the bowler;
7.2;1;Shoriful Islam to McDermott, 1 run crunched down to long-off along the ground. Full ball just outside off, and he is right forward to that drive;
7.1;?;Shoriful Islam to McDermott, no run fullish ball on off, and tucked to the man at cover;
6.6;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run not in control of this ball. Full on middle, and strikes his body as he tries to sweep that away;
6.5;6;Nasum to Marsh, SIX runs goes inside-out for six this time! Absolutely clattered this. Waits for this tossed up ball on a full length on off to come, and lofts over cover for the maximum;
6.4;4;Nasum to Marsh, FOUR runs paddle sweeps this to the left of short fine leg. Goes down on his back knee to this full ball on middle, and creams that for four;
6.3;?;Nasum to Marsh, no run that barely evades the stumps! Excellent ball. Fullish on leg, as Marsh is squared up with the ball just about bouncing and turning to beat the top of leg stump;
6.2;1;Nasum to McDermott, 1 run fuller on middle, and turns away again. Pushed off the back foot toward deep midwicket;
6.1;2;Nasum to McDermott, 2 runs short and wide of off. Pushed to long-off with the turn away from him, as they complete a really quick two;
5.6;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run beaten this time. Another slower ball - at just 116kph - but this is much fuller and in the off-stump channel. Marsh is forward to try and block that, but the ball is past his outside edge;
5.5;?;Mustafizur to Marsh, no run opens the bat face late to dab that toward point. Another fullish ball on middle and off, and Marsh is almost squared up while playing that;
5.4;1;Mustafizur to McDermott, 1 run cover dives to his right and gets a hand to intercept that drive. Full delivery on middle and off, and driven with the full face of the bat. The ball trickles to mid-off as they run a single;
5.3;1;Mustafizur to Marsh, 1 run crisply drives this full ball just outside off between point and cover to the man at deep point;
5.2;1;Mustafizur to McDermott, 1 run leading edge just short of gully. Goes for the flick to this full ball on middle and leg, and the ball rolls to the right of the man on the bounce;
5.1;?;Mustafizur to McDermott, no run full length on middle and leg, and it is bowled at just 115kph. Pushed to cover slightly hesitatingly;
4.6;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run swung away to deep square, as Shakib bowls the arm ball full and quick on middle and off;
4.5;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run full-toss on off, and he misses out. Goes for the sweep really early, and this slower and loopy ball went right to the keeper;
4.4;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run pushed to long-off, with Shakib going fullish on off;
4.3;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run tickled toward point, with this full ball on middle turning away;
4.2;4;Shakib to Marsh, FOUR runs tossed up, and swung over mid-on! Full delivery on middle, and this one doesn't quite turn after pitching. Heaved away for four;
4.1;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run makes room to push this full ball on middle and off to cover;
3.6;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run and he misses out on another short delivery. Cuts this straight to cover, with the bowler going wide of off;
3.5;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run leading edge toward cover, but safe. Full ball on leg, and he is not in control of his flick;
3.4;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run cut to extra cover, as the bowler goes short and wide of off. This one turns away again;
3.3;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run quicker and full on off again, pushed to cover;
3.2;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run fuller on off, and pushed back;
3.1;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run squares him up. Fullish ball on middle and leg, and sharp turn past the off stump as the batter is beaten on his flick;
2.6;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run full on off, and again slower. Blocked toward point;
2.5;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run the stumps are whacked by the keeper in anticipation of stumping. The umpire at the bowler's end gives it out - not sure why - as Marsh reviews. Tossed up, and very slow and full outside off. Turns away from Marsh, who tries to loft that to the off side standing on leg stump and playing away from his body. No outside edge, shows UltraEdge. And it is overturned, since the umpire had given it caught behind;
2.4;?;Shakib to Marsh, no run goes on with the arm. Full ball and slow on middle and off, cut late to cover;
2.3;1;Shakib to McDermott, 1 run this is again full on off, and is clipped to deep midwicket without allowing it to turn;
2.2;?;Shakib to McDermott, no run another one turns away from the right-hander. Full on off, and defended with the ball going away from him;
2.1;1;Shakib to Marsh, 1 run short and slower on off, pushed down to long-off with the turn away from him. That was bowled at just 78kph;
1.6;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run this is shorter on middle and off, and turns away from the batter. He goes on to his back foot to defend this one;
1.5;?;Nasum to McDermott, no run full on off again, and much slower. Blocked forward off the front foot;
1.4;1;Nasum to Marsh, 1 run slower and fuller on off. Tapped toward short third man for a single;
1.3;W;Nasum to Wade, OUT finds short fine leg with this half-pull! Not as short as Wade would have liked, as this was bowled on middle and leg with the batter swiveling across in his crease only to get the ball off the higher part of the bat to the man inside the circle. Early breakthrough for the hosts;Matthew Wade c Shoriful Islam b Nasum Ahmed 1 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
1.2;?;Nasum to Wade, no run slower and fuller on off, pushed to cover;
1.1;?;Nasum to Wade, no run good length ball on middle, and turns into him as Wade tried to flick but the ball hit his pad;
0.6;?;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, no run much fuller on off, and tapped to cover this time;
0.5;6;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, SIX runs short, and cracked over deep square leg! Rocks back to this short ball on middle and off, and hammers that pull all the way. Good start for Australia;
0.4;?;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, no run full and slow on off. Turns into the batter, as the ball takes the leading edge off his flick and back to the bowler;
0.3;1;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, 1 run fuller and straighter on middle. Keeps low too, as he pushes to mid-on for a risky run;
0.2;?;Mahedi Hasan to Wade, no run short and on off, cut to cover. Misses out on a few runs there;
0.1;1;Mahedi Hasan to McDermott, 1 run short of a length on his pads, clipped to the right of deep square leg for a single;

Mahedi has the new ball. Over the wicket, with a slip.
Out come the umpires, the Bangladesh side after a huddle and Australia's openers Wade, who will be opening today, and McDermott.
Ry : "This hatrick should make bangladesh furious. If I were the coach I'd be screaming right now. What a way to gift a debutant who went for 30 runs in 3 overs! Ridiculous! Just take a single!" --- But what can you really expect of the tail? And the ball to get Mahmudullah was a pretty good one as well.
Sean: "Bangladesh probably 10 short, I think Australian batters should back themselves to chase this one"
9.07pm Can you have it any better? A debut hat-trick from Ellis means Australia need only 128 to keep the series alive.
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Dhaka, Aug 6 2021, Australia tour of Bangladesh
127/9
117/4
Player of the match is Mahmudullah, BDESH
Bangladesh won by 10 runs
