Data
Some reading material for you all while we wait for India's chase to begin. With the Tokyo Games just a year away, ESPN's Jonathan Selvaraj asks the one question on everyone's mind. Just how difficult is it for an Indian athlete to qualify for the Olympics? The answer - pretty darn difficult. Click here to read more
5.10pm Not what Australia would've liked to finish on at 175 for 1. But they've given themselves a competitive score nonetheless on a slow and low Kotla deck. Having gotten into a tangle after Khawaja's century, things could've unravelled very quickly for Australia, but for that partnership between Jhye Richardson and Pat Cummins. By no means will this be an easy chase. Don't go too far away. Dan Brettig's mid-innings bulletin should be up soon. Will dew kick in? We'll soon find out.
Usman Khawaja chats with Star Sports: "Nice to get a competitive total, lost a few wickets but the partnership between Cummins and Jhye was really good. When I was out there, I was thinking 280. We're not too far away from there, yes the wickets killed our momentum a little, but I hope we have enough. The wicket's wearing, hopefully it will keep wearing. We still have to bowl well. If we do well, we can have a good second half.
49.6;W;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, 1 run, OUT flicks this full toss to deep midwicket where Kohli fires a good throw on the bounce to Pant, who breaks the bails to beat Jhye Richardson's dive.;Jhye Richardson run out (Kohli/?Pant) 29 (21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 138.09;
49.5;4;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, FOUR runs top-edges a wild heave, bounces wide of short third man and gathers steam to the boundary. Deceived by the slower one but gets away still. All Bumrah can do is have a laugh;
49.4;1b;Bumrah to Lyon, 1 bye veers in late, beats the inside edge. They scamper a bye as Pant flicks an underarm throw;
49.3;1;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, 1 run ugly hoick, mistimed to deep midwicket;
49.2;?;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, no run swing and a miss. Had a big swing by taking a step outside off;
49.1;?;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, no run backs away to carve behind point but misses this slower ball;
48.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, no run sweeps and misses, looked to fetch this leg-cutter from way outside off;
48.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run slower length ball on off, squeezed towards backward point;
48.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Lyon, 1 run gets a thick inside edge to deep midwicket;
48.3;W;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, OUT right into the blockhole, veering in late, squeezed back to Bhuvi. He goes up in an appeal, the umpires converge and then go upstairs. Soft signal: not out. Replays confirm Cummins has smashed it onto the pad. Bhuvi has a wicket as the decision is overturned. Cummins started walking upon seeing replays on the big screen. Very much possible that Wilson took a guess with the soft signal, another example of why this should be abolished going forward.;Pat Cummins c & b Kumar 15 (8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 187.5;
48.2;2;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 2 runs slower length ball, he makes room and punches this into the gap at sweeper cover;
48.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run mistimes this high full toss into the gap at midwicket;
47.6;4;Bumrah to Cummins, FOUR runs angling in, he makes room and deflects this length ball to the third man boundary, so very clever;
47.5;1;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, 1 run drills this back, Bumrah puts his right boot out to stop a certain boundary;
47.4;4;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, 4 runs ripper of a yorker, onto the toes. Squeezed back to Bumrah, who angrily fires a throw at the stumps. Guess what? It ricochets to the third man boundary, what should've been a dot is four runs now;
47.3;4;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, FOUR runs scorching cover drive. Held his shape, laced this full delivery away. Pure timing, beats sweeper cover;
47.2;4;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, FOUR runs edged and it races away past Pant's outstretched hands. Deliberately played, although he got it much finer than he would've liked.;
47.1;2;Bumrah to Jhye Richardson, 2 runs chipped over midwicket, two? Dhawan can't prevent it. Good running;
46.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run dabs this behind square on the off side, rare miss by Jadeja at point and they take a quick single;
46.6;1w;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 wide did it get something on the way? No, wide called. Good dive by Pant to stop that;
46.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 1 run whips this length ball down to deep midwicket;
46.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run slower and fuller on off, defended past the bowler;
46.3;3;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, 3 runs hoicked across the line, the mishit lands between deep midwicket and wide long-on. Vijay runs around a long way from deep square and then puts in a dive on the run to pull it back in.;
46.2;4;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, FOUR runs clears his front leg and biffs this length ball over mid-off. Solid blow;
46.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Cummins, no run defends this incoming length delivery into the leg side;
45.6;1;Shami to Cummins, 1 run another offcutter, worked down the ground wide of mid-on;
45.5;W;Shami to Carey, OUT thin edge, excellent catch! Deceived by the slower one, Carey looking to glide this behind point but is foxed as he wafts and ends up getting bat as Pant dives forward to complete an excellent catch.;Alex Carey c ?Pant b Mohammed Shami 3 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
45.4;?;Shami to Carey, no run tucks this length ball to midwicket;
45.3;1;Shami to Jhye Richardson, 1 run flicks nicely down to wide long-on, excellent work by Dhawan;
45.2;?;Shami to Jhye Richardson, no run slower and fuller outside off, turns it towards the man coming in from midwicket;
45.1;?;Shami to Jhye Richardson, no run nice and full on the stumps, defended.;
44.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 1 run gentle bunt into the off side, wide of point, for a quick single.;
44.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, no run bunts this length ball to short cover.;
44.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, no run right behind the line of this incoming length ball as he defends.;
44.3;2;Bhuvneshwar to Jhye Richardson, 2 runs flicks, but keep it all along the ground. They beat Vijay's speed at deep midwicket to scamper a second;
44.2;W;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, OUT chopped on! Too close to cut, this skidded through as well to get a thick inside edge onto the stumps. Stoinis' painful innings is over, didn't looked settled at any stage.;Marcus Stoinis b Kumar 20 (27b 1x4 1x6) SR: 74.07;
44.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run length outside off, bunts this towards point to scamper a quick single. Stoinis was running towards the danger end as Jadeja fired a throw at the striker's end, didn't hit direct.;
43.6;?;Shami to Stoinis, no run cramps him for room with a length ball on off stump, defended.;
43.5;2;Shami to Stoinis, 2 runs works this lifter towards deep midwicket where substitute Rayudu is late to move to his right. For those asking, Rayudu is on for Jadhav;
43.4;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run works this off the pads towards deep midwicket;
43.3;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run slower and fuller outside off, he makes room and creams this through cover, Kuldeep runs across to his left from mid-off and puts in a dive to effect a one-handed stop. Kohli runs across some 40-50 metres to slap a high five to his mate;
43.2;1;Shami to Carey, 1 run too straight, on leg stump, tucked nicely to fine leg;
43.1;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run stands tall and punches to deep cover;
42.6;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run late movement back in from wide of the crease, Carey gets a thick inside edge to midwicket;
42.5;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run squirts this to backward point;
42.4;?;Bumrah to Carey, no run full and straight on off stump, defended towards cover;
42.3;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run squeezes this yorker-length delivery to mid-on, risky single stolen;
42.2;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run slants a length ball in from wide of the crease, defended;
42.1;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run beauty! Angles one in and gets it to straighten to beat the outside edge.;
41.6;?;Kuldeep to Carey, no run lunges forward and defends.;
41.5;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run toe-ends this full toss to long-on;
41.4;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run makes room and forces this to cover;
41.3;6;Kuldeep to Stoinis, SIX runs steps out and belts this straight over the sightscreen, onto the old pavillion block. Lovely use of the feet.;
41.2;W;Kuldeep to Turner, OUT picks the wrong'un but hits against the turn in trying to loft this over long-on, no timing and it is well taken. Turner was looking to hit it much straighter, but ended up dragging it. Kuldeep has delivered a massive wicket. Excellent catch by Jadeja;Ashton Turner c Jadeja b Kuldeep Yadav 20 (20b 2x4 1x6) SR: 100;
41.2;1w;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 wide drifts one away but it's too far wide outside off, left alone;
41.1;6;Kuldeep to Turner, SIX runs clobbered over deep midwicket! Too short, picked the length early and gave it a whack;
40.6;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run right behind the line as he defends this incoming length ball;
40.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run defends back to the bowler with a straight bat;
40.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run beauty! Gets this one to slant in and then hold its line as Stoinis is beaten on a tentative poke.;
40.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run short of length outside off, bunted into the covers;
40.2;1;Bumrah to Turner, 1 run slower length ball, he check-drives this wide of cover for a quick single;
40.1;?;Bumrah to Turner, no run veers a length ball into the body, squirted to short midwicket;
39.6;?;Kuldeep to Stoinis, no run makes room and cuts to the cover fielder at the edge of the ring.;
39.5;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run pulled away but straight to Vijay at deep midwicket;
39.4;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run defended towards cover, single denied as Kohli swoops in quickly;
39.3;1;Kuldeep to Stoinis, 1 run steps out and then jabs this away wide of cover with his pad. There was a stifled appeal from Kuldeep, but obviously he was too far down the pitch;
39.2;1;Kuldeep to Turner, 1 run wrong'un that squares him up, squirted to short third man for a quick single.;
39.1;?;Kuldeep to Turner, no run shortish delivery, punched to cover point;
38.6;4;Shami to Stoinis, FOUR runs sublime! Too full, right into his driving arc and Stoinis responds with a delightful straight drive;
38.5;1;Shami to Turner, 1 run length on middle and leg, he tucks this with the angle towards deep square;
38.4;?;Shami to Turner, no run yorker-length on off, squeezed back down the pitch off a thick inside edge.;
38.3;?;Shami to Turner, no run slower length ball on off stump, he stands tall and defends;
38.2;1;Shami to Stoinis, 1 run slower and fuller on the stumps, he drops it gently into the off side for a quick single.;
38.1;?;Shami to Stoinis, no run hits the hard length, defended from the crease.;
37.6;?;Jadeja to Turner, no run works this with the angle towards square leg. Jadeja bowls out, top spell.;
37.5;4;Jadeja to Turner, FOUR runs goes for a big drive but ends up getting a thin edge past the keeper, short third man gave up the chase very early;
37.4;?;Jadeja to Turner, no run drifts into middle and leg, tucks this into the leg side.;
37.3;?;Jadeja to Turner, no run fired full, he lunges forward and blocks;
37.2;?;Jadeja to Turner, no run length ball sliding back in, defended.;
37.1;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run punched on the up to sweeper cover for a single.;
36.6;?;Shami to Turner, no run plays too early, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad. Rolls to the off side as he tries to scamper a run but it isn't there.;
36.5;?;Shami to Turner, no run full on off, defended from the crease.;
36.4;2;Shami to Turner, 2 runs driven firmly on the up to sweeper cover, aggressive running to complete the second;
36.3;4;Shami to Turner, FOUR runs what a way to get off the mark! This one tailed in late but Turner plays it late, brings his wrists into play to flick this into the gap between midwicket and mid-on. Lovely timing.;
36.2;W;Shami to Handscomb, OUT wicket denied at one end, but Shami provides one at the other, and it's a cracker of a delivery. Lifter that completely takes Handscomb aback as he is forced to play at this because of the length, but the ball kisses the shoulder and flies to Pant who takes a superb catch. Massive break for India. They've come storming back.;Peter Handscomb c ?Pant b Mohammed Shami 52 (60b 4x4 0x6) SR: 86.66;
36.1;?;Shami to Handscomb, no run run-out chance missed at the bowler's end. Bunted to short cover, Jadhav hurls one just wide to reprieve Stoinis who was well outside the crease.;
35.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run touch short, punched down to long-off;
35.5;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run eased with the spin, Kohli supremely agile at cover as he moves quickly to cut out the single;
35.4;1;Jadeja to Stoinis, 1 run slices the drive to Vijay at deep point;
35.3;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run drifts one in from wide of the crease, Stoinis defends from the crease;
35.2;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run fired full and flat, defended again.;
35.1;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off;
34.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run touch ahead of a length on off, defends using the full face of the bat.;
34.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run length on off, Handscomb defends as he gets half forward;
34.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, 1 run steered down to square third man to bring up back-to-back half-centuries for Handscomb;
34.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run reverse? Ooohhh, exciting. Veers in late, he defends forward and gets a thickish inside edge towards mid-on.;
34.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run nearly chopped on! The slowness of the surface starting to show up here. Looks to force this on the up through cover point.;
34.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run length ball angling into middle and leg, tucked to midwicket where Kohli is supremely alert as he dives full-length to his left to keep Handscomb on 49;
33.6;?;Jadeja to Stoinis, no run;
33.5;W;Jadeja to Maxwell, OUT back-to-back wickets, Jadeja is pumped, Kohli even more. Maxwell has fallen looking to hit this over cover. Didn't get the elevation because he didn't get to the pitch. This also spun away a wee bit more than he expected, and Kohli is extremely alert at extra cover.;Glenn Maxwell c Kohli b Jadeja 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
33.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run uses the depth of the crease superbly to force this towards deep point where an off-balanced Vijay hurls a superb throw. Saved three runs;
33.3;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run drives one and gets it off a thickish inside edge towards long-on;
33.2;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run drifts in and skids through, Maxwell defends;
33.1;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run driven with the spin to cover.;
32.6;W;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, OUT leaves his wicket giftwrapped at Kohli's feet. A harmless ba outside off, tempting the drive on the up. Khawaja obliges, not taking the care he has done all innings to keep the ball down, or away from a fielder. Goes straight to the Indian captain. Delhi roars in approval. Khawaja, meanwhile, is devastated, basically dragging himself off the field.;Usman Khawaja c Kohli b Kumar 100 (106b 10x4 2x6) SR: 94.33;
32.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run beats him on the pull as Bhuvi's short ball goes under Khawaja's bat;
32.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run full and outside off, he drives to mid-off;
32.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run mistimes a swat down the ground, the fuller delivery outside off going off the bottom edge back to the bowler;
32.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, 1 run carves the back of a length delivery outside off into the covers and sprints through;
32.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Handscomb, no run lovely straight drive from Handscomb. Stays legside of the ball, perhaps because there is a little bit of reverse swing out there, and presents the full face;
31.6;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run sweeps the length ball on middle stump to deep square leg;
31.5;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run stays back and guides the length ball on middle through cover and jogs through for his second hundred in three innings! Gorgeous batting from Khawaja and Delhi appreciates it. Even this shot - for a single - shows off the reason why he's succeeded on this tour. Plays late. Wiats for the turn. Soft hands.;
31.4;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run full on off stump, Handscomb holds his shape as it comes down slowly and then punches it to long-on;
31.3;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs googly gets the edge and it beats Pant! Too thick for the wicketkeeper to do anything about it. Has no time to react. Handscomb backs away to try and open up the off side, but he's given himself too much room and is panicking as the ball turns away from him rather sharply. Gets a big edge, which is lucky for him because it takes the ball well away from the only catcher in the region;
31.2;2;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 2 runs eases down the pitch and chips the legbreak on leg stump over the infield. The timing is so good that it nearly wanders all the way to the boundary - it has no business getting that far - but Jadhav stops it with a big old dive.;
31.1;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run cuts the shortish delivery outside off to deep point and mores to 99;
30.6;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run slogs a good length ball on off stump down to mid-on - and the reason it only went that far is because he checks his shot, knowing Australia cannot afford to lose a wicket now. Not when they've taken out two of Bumrah's overs off the death;
30.5;2;Bumrah to Handscomb, 2 runs follows it up with the slower ball, but Handscomb is ready for that too, holding his shape until it comes close enough that he can guide it behind point;
30.4;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run searing yorker, and it is all the more difficult because of the late inswing. Handscomb just about deals with it, the inside edge of his bat coming in very handy!;
30.3;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run firm push to extra cover as Bumrah keeps banging the ball in at back of a length, hoping the low bounce will help him get a wicket;
30.2;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run slower ball, which he picks and plays with the angle from round the wicket to deep square leg;
30.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run whirls his wrists over a shortish delivery outside off in an effort to smuggle it through midwicket. No such luck;
29.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run good length ball outside off - this one turns away from the left-hander, allowing the cut shot to deep point;
29.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run another quick googly on and around off sutmp and Khawaja is very nearly bowled as he sets up for a cut shot again. Last minute change to a straight bat slice to point saves him in the end;
29.4;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run;
29.3;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run googly which is quicker and closer to off stump. Also keeps low, meaning Khawaja has to adjust, straightening his back leg and cutting to point;
29.2;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs presses forward as he waits for Kuldeep to delivery but the moment he reads the flight and realises this is short, he's back and across, ready with the cut shot;
29.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run shortish and outside off, he shapes to cut, but is beaten;
28.6;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run full and outside off, he drives to mid-off;
28.5;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run straightens again but Khawaja is ready for this time time, staying back in his crease, waitin for it to come to him outside off and guiding it behind point;
28.4;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run presents the full face of the bat, even though he's a little squared up on off stump. He has to do that really with Bumrah hitting the deck and getting it to straighten. That strong wrist and the hyper-extension of his elbow allows him to get more from the pitch than most other bowlers;
28.3;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run back of a length and outside off, he opens the face and runs it to third man;
28.2;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run full and outside off, he drives to cover.;
28.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run almost chops on! Bumrah coming round the wicket for a back of a length delivery outside off. Khawaja is on the hop, his bat coming down at an angle which enables the mis-hit;
27.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run rolls the wrists over the legbreak outside off, largely because it dips on him and he doesn't want to pop it up in the air. Single through cover;
27.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run another sweep - this one to the legbreak wide outside off - as Handscomb finds a single behind square leg;
27.4;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run nudges it through midwicket;
27.3;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run there's the googly!. Handscomb goes down to sweep it and - with the ball tossed up wide and turning away - he mistimes it through square leg;
27.2;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run there we go, he waits a little longer with this cut shot, hoping to find the gap between point and third man. Doesn't quite manage it but does get the single with short third man having to move to his left;
27.1;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run short and wide but Khawaja finds point with his cut shot.;
26.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run nudges the fuller delivery on middle through midwicket;
26.5;4;Jadeja to Khawaja, FOUR runs drags it way too short - which happens so very rarely with Jadeja - but Khawaja is soooooo good here. Leaps back into his crease and pulling it in front of the fielder at square leg. Splendid manipulation of the field;
26.4;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run full and outside off, he smears it through the covers and Rohit isn't able to get low to his left quickly enough to stop it;
26.3;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run gets inside the line of a loopy delivery outside off but in perhaps trying to hit it too hard, he mistimes it back at the bowler. Or maybe he was checking his shot considering Jadeja's dip;
26.2;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run loops it up on off stump, Khawaja hammers it down to long-on;
26.1;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run goes round the wicket, targeting Khawaja's pads, he works it through square leg;
25.6;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run he's already shifting outside off as Kuldeep is walking in to bowl, expecting the legspinner to bowl outside off, and when that happens, he nails the sweep well in front of midwicket.;
25.5;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run good length ball on off stump, defends;
25.4;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run changes his line wide outside off and pulls the length back a bit. Khawaja likes the room and goes for the sweep but he misses altogether;
25.3;6;Kuldeep to Khawaja, SIX runs this is beautiful batting! He sees the flight on this so early. He charges out to meet it. And he unfurls a full swing of that straight bat. High, handsome, straight, ridiculously cool six! Anmd that prompts a chat between Kuldeep and Kohli;
25.2;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run rocks back against the short ball outside off and taps it with practically the full face of the bat to long-off.;
25.1;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run sees Khawaja's intentions to dance down the track and so drags the ball well wide of off stump. The left-hander has to reach out - looking uncharacteristically ungainly - to cut the ball through point;
24.6;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run goes back and flicks a shortish delivery outside off through square leg;
24.5;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run drills the tossed up delivery on off stump to short cover. Rohit misfields;
24.4;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run tons of power on this reverse sweep too - which is surprising since Jadeja spots the batsman's premeditated movement and fires it into the leg side. Single to deep point;
24.3;4;Jadeja to Khawaja, FOUR runs a little more power in the shot - thanks to the width on offer - and the reverse sweep flies away to the right of short third man;
24.2;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run gets down low to reverse sweep the tossed up ball outside off. Finds short third man;
24.1;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run his back foot play is always top-class. Judges the ball to be short and on off stump, so he makes a little room and gently steers the bal lthrough point;
23.6;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run cramps him with a quick and short delivery on off stump and Khawaja has to jump off his crease to get on top of the ball and knock it down;
23.5;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run steps forward to the shortish delivery outside off and steers it to point;
23.4;2;Shami to Khawaja, 2 runs waits on the back of a length delivery to come onto him and the deflects it to long leg;
23.3;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run goes round the wicket - because that last ball had soooooo much room - and he beats him immediately. The length is a lot better - trapping the batsman in his crease - and Khawaja's slice behind point makes him look less than the most in-form batsman of the series;
23.2;4;Shami to Khawaja, FOUR runs the short ball isn't working on this pitch. There just isn't enough bounce for that to be a reasonably tactic. Shami bangs it into the deck as well as he could, but it just sits up for Khawaja to hammer it over midwicket. Straight of midwicket even;
23.1;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run walks down the pitch and hacks the back of a length ball straight of midwicket for a quick single.;
22.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run wanders outside leg, picking the length as short, and slices the ball on off stump behind point. Serene batting against spin;
22.5;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run lunges forward trying to get to the pitch of the ball outside off and drives along the ground towards long-off. Jadeja won't allow that;
22.4;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run waits nicely on middle and leg, allowing the flighted ball to come to him, and then rolls his wrists on it, directing it to midwicket;
22.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run whips the quicker delivery on leg stump to long-on;
22.2;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run with the ball pitching outside off, he's happy to go for the reverse sweep. No chance of lbw. No chance of runs either on this occasion as it finds point;
22.1;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run flicks a tossed up ball outside off towards long-on, but Jadeja puts in the dive;
21.6;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run another short ball, this time though he targets Khawaja's right armpit, refusing him the room that was given earlier in the over. The pull shot comes out again but only for a single through square leg;
21.5;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run beats him outside off! This is sexy old-ball bowling. Hits the deck, gets it to respond and Khawaja's hopeful glide to third man comes off second best;
21.4;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run fullish and outside off, he drives to mid-off;
21.3;4;Shami to Khawaja, FOUR runs that is glorious! Gets up to his full height and swivels on the back foot, totally in control of the pull shot, and the ball just disappears like it finds a pocket dimension that leads to the midwicket boundary;
21.2;1;Shami to Handscomb, 1 run tries to tie him down on leg stump again, but Handscomb whips it behind square leg;
21.1;2;Shami to Handscomb, 2 runs oooh, is that reverse? Shami is able to get a fuller delivery to curl into the right-hander, but not so dangerously that Handscomb isn't able to pick it away through midwicket;
20.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run angles the full delivery into the pads and Handscomb deftly turns it behind square leg;
20.5;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run loads up the reverse sweep, and even though the flatter, quicker delivery is cramping him on leg stump, he's able to find a single to deep square leg;
20.4;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run defends the tossed up delivery, dipping at the last, on him with a perfectly straight bat. Good spot from Khawaja;
20.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run stays back, opens up his body so he can whip a good length ball from outside off away through midwicket. Excellent batting against spin;
20.2;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run full on off stump, he presses forward to block;
20.1;3;Jadeja to Khawaja, 3 runs pulls off the reverse sweep and Shami has a race on his hands. Does well to stop it on the edge of the boundary. Good length ball outside off was basically inviting the shot and the field was placed in expectation of a top edge;
19.6;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run good length outside off, Khawaja knocks it down to the right of Jadhav, who tries to stop if himself, but his dive doesn't quite work;
19.5;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run stays beside the line of the ball outside off and dabs it to short third man;
19.4;1;Jadhav to Khawaja, 1 run loops it up from round the wicket and Khawaja taps it down to long-on;
19.3;1;Jadhav to Handscomb, 1 run shimmies down the track and drives a tossed up delivery, drifting away from the right-hander, to long-off;
19.2;?;Jadhav to Handscomb, no run poor shot selection - Handscomb goes to sweep Jadhav but this ball is basically a yorker on middle stump and his inside edge basically saves him from an early walk back;
19.1;4;Jadhav to Handscomb, FOUR runs steps out and lifts the part-timer to the wide long-on boundary. Welcome back Kedar. I've missed you, says Handscomb;
18.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run goes a little wide of the crease to spear the ball on leg stump but Handscomb's footwork and balance is so good that he has absolutely no trouble driving inside-out to long-off;
18.5;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run pushes back to defend a flatter delivery on leg stump;
18.4;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run stays inside the line - which seems to be his plan against Jadeja - and drives the tossed pu ball on leg stump back at the bowler. Good dive from Jadeja to stop it;
18.3;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run this time the sweep works as Jadeja goes faster and flatter outside off. Single behind square leg;
18.2;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run premeditates the sweep, which allows Jadeja to toss the ball up well outside off and beat the left-hander. Or beat him enough that the bottom edge pings onto his own pad;
18.1;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run hangs back against a length ball angling into him, making room to punch it through the covers;
17.6;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run defends the tossed up ball outside off with an open face;
17.5;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run there we go again. That's Handscomb's whole plan against Kuldeep. Whenever he pitches it up, he gets down low and plays a very measured sweep. Head still, fully balanced and such lovely hands to keep it down;
17.4;2;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 2 runs goes for the sweep, taking a tossed up delivery outside off and directing it to fine leg. Might have been risky on other pitches, but here, where there is low bounce, batsmen don't have to fear the top-edge;
17.3;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run shimmies down a little bit, but Kuldeep pulls his length back just enough that Handscomb is happy to nudge it to square leg;
17.2;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run rocks back against a ball that is only slightly short in length, making room to take it off the stumps, but can't find the gap at cover point;
17.1;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run leans forward onto leg stump and turns the left-arm legbreak to square leg;
16.6;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run the wrists save Khawaja there as he rolls them on top of a rapidly dipping delivery, and even though he is nowhere near the pitch of it outside off, he is able to keep it down to midwicket. Good end to the over from Jadeja. He looks India's most threatening bowler right now;
16.5;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run good bowling. He tosses it up onto middle stump, and with Handscomb's fondness for staying back in the crease, he needs to be extra careful putting bat to the ball. And he is, with a flick behind square leg;
16.4;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run waits on the flatter delivery outside off and dinks it around the corner behind square leg;
16.3;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run excellent batting! He spots the short ball early, leaps back in his crease and using the full face of the bat, punches it through cover;
16.2;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run there's fifty and it comes off a well judged sweep shot, getting down low, picking the length ball well outside off - which puts lbw out of play - and rolling his wrists on top of the ball to prevent the top edge;
16.1;?;Jadeja to Khawaja, no run tosses it up outside off, he guides it to point;
15.6;?;Kuldeep to Handscomb, no run steps out and drives this full toss to extra cover.;
15.5;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs through with the sweep even before the ball arrived, may have got a thin edge onto it as this lobs over the keeper's head off the top-edge. Races away, lucky runs but he'll take them.;
15.4;4;Kuldeep to Handscomb, FOUR runs swept from a long way outside off, the timing and placement is magnificent! Cracking stroke, best part is that is risk-free. Rolled his wrists over the delivery to keep it all along the ground. No chance for deep square.;
15.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run steps out and turns this full and flat delivery wide of midwicket;
15.2;?;Kuldeep to Khawaja, no run draws him into a drive with tossed up delivery, Khawaja tempted to drive but lets go;
15.1;1;Kuldeep to Handscomb, 1 run makes room and cuts to deep point, hint of confusion. Handscomb wanted the second, Khawaja didn't;
14.6;1;Jadeja to Handscomb, 1 run tucks this wide of square leg to get off the mark;
14.5;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run lunges forward and smothers this.;
14.4;?;Jadeja to Handscomb, no run drifting into the pads, worked positively to mid-on;
14.3;W;Jadeja to Finch, OUT ripper of a delivery! When he starts like this, he's a different bowler. It's the fizz off the pitch that does the trick. Fires this in towards length on middle, Finch is drawn forward by the angle but then sees this ball spin away just about enough to beat the straight bat to smash into the stumps. What a ball, what a bowler.;Aaron Finch b Jadeja 27 (43b 4x4 0x6) SR: 62.79;
14.2;1;Jadeja to Khawaja, 1 run tucks this wide of square leg. Got well forward and then brought his wrists into play;
14.1;2;Jadeja to Khawaja, 2 runs paddled down to fine leg. Predetermined paddle, gets away. Got well outside the line to try and execute that;
13.6;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run nice flight and dip, defended back;
13.5;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run steps out and negotiates this shortish delivery into the leg side.;
13.4;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run lunges forward and smothers this wrong'un with soft hands;
13.3;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run belted back, somehow Kuldeep half-stops and parries it towards midwicket. He really gave this a whack;
13.2;4;Kuldeep to Finch, FOUR runs steps out and bang! Kuldeep didn't even try to put hit hand out on the followthrough.;
13.1;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run steps out and drives inside-out to wide long-off;
13.1;1w;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 wide drifting down leg, Pant can't get across and collect cleanly, but no extra runs outside the wide;
12.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run driven firmly but straight to mid-off;
12.5;2;Bumrah to Finch, 2 runs punched into the gap, Jadhav comes around at sweeper cover to cut it off;
12.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run solidly behind the line of this incoming length ball as he keeps it out;
12.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run right back into the crease as he defends back;
12.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run tucks this incoming delivery to midwicket;
12.1;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run length ball angling in, kept out.;
11.6;2;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 2 runs rocks back and plays this very late to beat short third man, Bhuvi in pursuit but manages to pull it back in;
11.5;6;Kuldeep to Khawaja, SIX runs solid hit! Excellent use of the feet to get to the pitch as he wallops it over long-on. Short straight boundaries but that would've cleared the biggest of them all. Clean hit;
11.4;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run wrong'un on a length, Finch goes back and across as he tucks it to deep square leg.;
11.3;1;Kuldeep to Khawaja, 1 run drifts into middle and leg, he steps out and works this low full toss wide of mid-on;
11.2;1;Kuldeep to Finch, 1 run steps out, doesn't quite get to the pitch but ends up hitting it off a thick inside edge towards long-on;
11.1;?;Kuldeep to Finch, no run starts with a googly that pitches outside leg, Finch struck on the body as he plays all around it.;
10.6;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run gets on top of the bounce and cuts, excellent stop by Jadeja moving low to his right at point;
10.5;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run flicks imperiously to Vijay at deep square leg. This was a juicy half-volley on the pads;
10.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run allows the ball to slide in as he steers this length all to point;
10.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run squirts one off a thickish inside edge to midwicket.;
10.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run slants in, keeps a touch low but Finch defends;
10.1;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run steered down to square third man for an easy single;
9.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run this length ball keeps a touch low on middle, Finch right behind it in defence.;
9.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run works this off his hip to deep square;
9.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run punched on the up to mid-off;
9.3;3;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 3 runs too straight, too much leg side and Finch whips this into the acres of open space towards deep midwicket. Jadhav had to run around from deep square. Third half-century stand for the pair this series;
9.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run full and straight on the stumps, defended to mid-on;
9.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run tucks this down to fine leg;
8.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run punched on the up but can't pierce the packed off-side ring as Kohli stops at cover point;
8.5;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run skids back in to hit him high on the thigh pad. Going down leg as Finch is late on the shot.;
8.4;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run bunts this incoming length ball towards mid-off;
8.3;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run toe-ends a drive to third man. Late on the stroke;
8.2;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run bunts this straight to short cover;
8.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run driven firmly but straight to cover point;
7.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run gets across and whips this uppishly to Vijay at deep square leg;
7.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run driven but straight to mid-off;
7.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, FOUR runs lovely off-drive, no one moved. This is superb, not a bad ball by any means but he just leans into the drive and times it magnificently;
7.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run mix-up, mix-up, but no damage done. Khawaja whips to Shami at mid-on, takes a few steps across, but fortunately turns back in the nick of time.;
7.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run works this length ball on off to midwicket;
7.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run nearly chopped onto the stumps as he looks to run it down towards third man, Pant hares in to prevent a run;
6.6;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run goes right back and across to punch this back;
6.5;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run slants one back in, defended.;
6.4;1;Bumrah to Khawaja, 1 run direct hit from Kohli running in from cover point but Finch seems in. Khawaja walked into the drive but was cramped for room and got it off a thick inside edge onto the pad. Fortunately for Australia, there was no hesitation between the pair.;
6.3;2;Bumrah to Khawaja, 2 runs tumbling stop by Gabbar Dhawan at long leg! This one was nicely whipped off is hip, saved a couple of runs for the side;
6.2;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run looks to cut, this one stays low to beat the underedge.;
6.1;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run and beats the bat immediately! Khawaja feels for this length ball outside off with an angled bat;
5.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run shows the full face of the bat to defend this back;
5.5;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs beats mid-off. Delightful punch on the up through the gap. Too short from Shami, excellent hand-eye coordination from Finch.;
5.4;?;Shami to Finch, no run stands tall and bunts this length delivery back down the pitch;
5.3;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs delightful square drive! You know it's well timed when Ravindra Jadeja gives up chase from backward point.;
5.2;?;Shami to Finch, no run thuds into the pad as it slants back in off a length. Finch beten for pace;
5.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run cracker-jack! Finch feels for one that leaves him ever-so-slightly off the seam as the ball whizzes past the outside edge. Magic, pure magic;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run driven down the ground but straight to Vijay at mid-off;
4.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run hint of width outside off, eased to third man;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run gets a good stride forward as he authoritatively defends this length delivery to cover.;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run shows the full face of the bat as he bunts this length ball back down the pitch;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run nice and full on the stumps from wide of the crease, defended towards mid-on;
4.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run gets a thickish edge down to square third man;
3.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run excellent delivery. Angles one back in off a length, Finch plays outside the line to get an inside edge onto the pad.;
3.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run driven on the up but straight to extra cover;
3.4;1;Shami to Khawaja, 1 run goes for a big drive, but this swerves in a long way, gets a thick inside edge to mid-on where Bumrah misfields;
3.3;4;Shami to Khawaja, FOUR runs we're seeing wrist work of the highest quality here! Khawaja plays a magical on-drive to this incoming length ball. The non-striker had to just get his bat out of the way to see this scream away to the boundary.;
3.2;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run beauty! Good comeback. Gets one to angle in and nip away off the deck, Khawaja has a poke but misses.;
3.1;4;Shami to Khawaja, FOUR runs balance and timing absolutely impeccable as he puts this juicy half-volley on the pads to the midwicket boundary. Poor from Shami, no batsman worth his salt will miss out on a gift like this.;
2.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, 1 run still finds the leg side gap, but hits this straight to fine leg.;
2.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run stopped well on the followthrough! This was hit back hard, Bhuvi put his left hand out to half-stop.;
2.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, FOUR runs the whip of the wrists! Magnificent. Too short from Bhuvi, Khawaja stands tall and wrists this behind square on the leg side to pepper the short boundary.;
2.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run huge appeal, huge appeal but Joel Wilson says not out immediately. Kohli straightaway went up to his bowler to ask if he wanted to go upstairs. They decide against DRS . This was definitely sliding down leg, but worth an appeal? Could've come back as umpire's call;
2.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run full outside off, defends towards Jadeja at point as they scamper a quick single;
2.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs plants forward, uses the width and flays this on the up through extra cover. Driving without a trace of worry that time. Lovely execution;
1.6;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run whips this from length on middle to midwicket;
1.5;4;Shami to Khawaja, FOUR runs crunching cover drive! Errs in length by a very small margin and gets spanked. Juicy half-volley;
1.4;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run works this full-length delivery towards mid-on. Nice, tight line from Shami;
1.3;?;Shami to Khawaja, no run slants one nice and full across the left-hander, defended;
1.2;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run nearly chopped on! Looks to force this length ball on the up but he's cramped for room. Manages to scamper a run and get off the mark. Rolled just wide of leg stump.;
1.1;?;Shami to Finch, no run beauty! Drew him forward with a full length delivery and got it to move away off the seam. Moved a long way away after it passed the bat. That should wake up Finch;
0.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run gets right on top of the bounce and turns this short of length delivery into the leg side. Decent first over to begin with.;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run touch fuller, just around off stump, defended;
0.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, FOUR runs whips this wide of the diving Vijay Shankar at square leg. Delightful balance and wrist work. Bhuvi punished for going too short.;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run rooted to the crease as he negotiates this full delivery on leg stump;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run full and swinging across, left alone;
0.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Khawaja, no run lovely length, squares Khawaja up as he defends from the crease;

Hello everyone. Thanks, Al gates. It's good to be back, nice and fresh for the decider. Overcast in Delhi, which is a little surprising. Thought it'd already be boiling. Maybe the summer will kick in right after holi, next week. India will open with Bhuvneshwar Kumar, who is yet to hit peak form. Today's another chance. Two slips in place as Khawaja takes strike. Let's go.

Elsewhere, Virat Kohli has topped the charts again but who are the other cricketers on ESPN's latest list of India's top 10 most famous athletes? While you troll down that list, I'll quietly slip away and tag Shashank Kishore to bring you all the entertainment of the first few overs. Behave!
James Iyer: "Contrary to what seems like popular belief, I think IPL will be good for India's chances, just like how Stoinis, Turner etc have benefitted from the BBL. Especially when teams like England and... Well mainly only England are posting ODI scores at the rate of T20s. Will be good hitting practice for the favourable batting conditions to come."
India: Rohit Sharma, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli (c), Vijay Shankar, Kedar Jadhav, Rishabh Pant (wk), Ravindra Jadeja, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Shami, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah
Australia: Aaron Finch (c), Usman Khawaja, Peter Handscomb, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey (wk), Jhye Richardson, Pat Cummins, Nathan Lyon, Adam Zampa
Vijay Shankar at No. 4 for India! He's had a splendid 2019, practically coming out of nowhere to all but book his spot for the World Cup. Meanwhile, should we read anything into Ambati Rayudu not getting a game again?
Nazim Ali: "India look a little light in batting...the top three need to take more responsibility today especially with the series on the line and chasing on a slow wicket. Even if there is dew they need to be in the game till dew comes."
Muhammed Riyas: "As India's dilemma at No.4 still continues, if the 'victim' for the day doesn't make a big impact, it's going to be the matured performances in IPL which will enforce final decision for WC I reckon. Shreyas Iyer, Shubman Gill, Manish Pandey, even Prithvi Shaw will come to the picture then." Kohli has spoken about how he doesn't want the IPL to influence the World Cup squad selection. And if the India captain is saying that...
Also, that's a pretty strong Aussie team too, but it will only get stronger with Smith and Warner back in there. The former captain and vice-captain's bans for ball-tampering will end on March 29 and they're due to join the team when they play their ODIs against Pakistan in the UAE. Then they will play the IPL and then, well, it's go time!
But that still poses the question, who from this team goes out? Usman Khawaja? But he's scored a hundred and a match-winning 91. Peter Handscomb? Same deal. Match-winning hundred chasing 358. No easy cut and pastes for the Aussie selectors. Plus there's the little matter of Mitchell Starc...
1.00 pm Aaron Finch calls tails, it is tails and Australia will bat. "Looks like a pretty dry wicket, hopefully we can post a big score and defend it. The wicket and the square has been relaid over the last couple of years and haven't been much international cricket here so can't look at history or average scores. Just keep up momentum and if you're at the middle, make sure you finish it off. Take that responsibility. Shaun Marsh misses out for Marcus Stoinis. Nathan Lyon's back for Jason Behrendorff"
"Would have batted first as well. Hopefully it doesn't break down so much. Hopefully there's dew later. This is a knockout game for us. Everyone is pumped up," Virat Kohli says. "We are one of the best chasing teams in the world. We have to show that today. [Do you know your World Cup combination now?]Pretty much. The last two games didn't go our way but it's not like we haven't been doing well overall. In terms of team balance, we are sorted it our head. We aren't unbeatable. But so long as we can learn from our losses, we're okay. Chahal misses out, Jadeja comes in, Rahul misses out Shami has been added. We bat till 8 with Bhuvi in. This we feel is our most balanced side" --- So basically copy-paste this XI in India's first match at the World Cup?
Mohamed Jafran: "No Copy Paste.. So where on the earth MS Dhoni will be?"
VISHAL: "Looks like this is the combination we are gonna see at the WC too. MSD replaces Pant (obvious), & may be Pandya walks in to the side in place of Jadeja/Shankar (depending on the condition). Looks good!!"
Here's more from Deiva at the ground: "A bit of a RCB reunion in the middle. Stoinis, whose thumb is strapped, finds a reason to smile and pats Kohli on the shoulder"
duru: "guys coming back from the yesterdays juventus vs atletivo madrid..juve won 3 - 2 in the second leg from 0-2 deficit. Australia is doing the same here coming from 2-0 in this series to level up.Its all about Momentum!!!..." CR-(insert cuss word here)-7 FTW!
Shikhar Dhawan with a flash interview: Of course, my performance wasn't upto the mark [in recent times] but I took it in my stride. I analysed my game and let the past go. I was calm, relaxed and I'm just following my process, what's in my hand. If things have to come, it will come, otherwise it's alright. Wanted to just be calm and play on the merit. Didn't want to rush into scoring runs. I knew if I stay at the wicket, I have so many shots that I will get boundaries. I kept my composure and that paid off. For me, what works is my calmness and composure.
Ayush Shah: "I bet Rishabh Pant is gonna be a star today. Given his ample experience at Kotla in recent times for DD in IPL. He must have learnt a lot after the Sunday's poor show behind the wicket. He should have done better with the bat too. I think, to give this guy more opportunity,send him in at 3, Kohli at 4." Deiva has stalked followed Pant all the way through the series and he's written stuff on him. it's good. Go read.
Sankalp: "Though it's hard to ignore the looming WC, this series stands extremely well for one-dayers in general and bilaterals in particular. Both teams played wonderful cricket throughout especially Australia. Hope both teams keep their tempo up for this match too."----which is kinda word for word what Sreshth Shah wrote in this little ditty.
Sunil Gavaskar on the pitch report: This is a pitch where the ball hardly moves, and it also keeps a little low, thats why the average score is only 220-230. The dew will kick in later in the day though. There will be a little bit of spin but it is nothing that should worry the batsmen. Win the toss, maybe bowl first.
Dhaval : "There's something with this total and Australia. 358. Neither did we chase it 16 years ago, nor could we defend it the other day. Just thanked God it wasn't another World Cup Final. Hoping for a cracker today. "
SRV: "looking at the drops we had in the last match and the batting collapse the previous match, I would like my team to have a wake up call more than confidence"
Lakshman Kumar: "I felt enough credit wasn't given to Handscomb and Khawaja's contribution in the previous match..! Turner played a blinder, I agree but it was the basement that was setup by these two which was even more crucial and acted as a launchpad..!!"
12.50 pm Make way! Make way for my lil brother's expert (hah!) analysis: "Afternoon, everyone. It's a cloudy day in Delhi. Nathan Lyon had a fairly long stint at the nets with Australia spin consultant Sridharan Sriram and commentator Murali Kartik. Will Australia switch back to a twin-spin attack?," Deivarayan Muthu says. "At the India nets, Shami's leg is still heavily strapped, but bowling coach B Arun said on the eve of the decider that he is fit and that he was rested in Mohali as a precautionary measure. He was doing some stretching and then bowled at training today. I can't spot Bhuvneshwar Kumar, though.Okay, Bumrah, Shami, Bhuvneshwar have all marked their run-ups"
Muhammed Riyas: "With WC around the corner, this match is huge and the result is going to reflect in the confidence level of both teams. If India wins it, they will still consider themselves as the favorites and if Aussies does, it will be a big wake up call them and their legacy and they definitely they should start believing on going to the WC." ---- Eeeeexcept that silly tournament is in May. You can't expect a shot of confidence to last two whole months! Plus Australia will have Steven Smith and David Warner and Mitchell Starc back (depending on injury) and India will get Hardik Pandya back. That changes eeeeeeverything.
Thankappan: "@Al : My prediction for today is Australia wins toss and sends India to bat. India scores 411/6 with Kohli scoring 242 and in reply Australia all out for 289 with Maxwell scoring 93 in 39 balls. #crystalballsofsteel" Sure. That make sense. Kinda. But FYI - our preview doesn't account for that scenario so....
Mustafa Moudi: "Last ODI restored the faith in "ITS NOT OVER YET UNTIL THE MATCH IS OVER" - Easily one of the most entertaining match where we could never realize he slowly Australia took away the match. Feeling sad for all Aussie fans who closed their TV set after Maxwell's Dismissal !!"
Sanketp45: "Aussies should get stoinis in place pf carrey..let handscomb keep the wickets. It will provide bowling option and add batting depth too.."
Nag: "Ind would have prepared for Turner for today... let's see who will come out in the exam" Can't say we didn't warn em - this was Matt Roller's profile piece on him back in January
12.30 pm It is India's final ODI before the World Cup. Just take that in for a lil bit. Sure, there's the IPL peering up over the sofa, waiting for the opportune time to take over the remote, but as far as 50-over cricket for Virat Kohli and his men, this is it. And it's a decider. How much better can it get?
India's team management has craved testing their players in situations like these, but often times they've had to make do with simulating it. Now, in Delhi, they have an actual final on their hands. A make or break moment. Win it and the trophy's theirs, lose it and there will be questions to answer.
And it is this very atmosphere that Australia will have to exploit. They've been buh-rilliant over the last couple of games and better yet, they've discovered players who can conceivably be around for years to come. Remember their obsession with 10-year cricketers? (If not, here's Jarrod Kimber to drop kick you with 10000 words, give or take) Marcus Stoinis, Peter Handscomb, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey - there are plenty of new(ish) players looking to establish themselves in this side and in that World Cup. Look out for all of them. We sure will be.
Siddharth Mahad: "Have missed the dominant Indian team that they are in home conditions in this series, to be honest I feel its the Aussies who have played impressive cricket, will the "Real Indian Team please Stand Up""
 Innings Start
What a series it has been. The smiles on the faces of the Australian team tells you a story. Must have been so worth it for all their fans who stayed up late in the night/early in the morning to watch this? Hope you enjoyed our coverage, we certainly enjoyed bringing it to you. Lots of post-game analysis coming up from New Delhi, so watch out for those. For the moment, this is the duo of Shashank Kishore and Alagappan Muthu saying goodbye on behalf of our scoring colleague Thilak Gowda. Cheers!
It's time for the presentation
Aaron Finch, the winning captain: Unbelievable, the resilience and fight we showed, being 0-2 down, it would've been easy to roll over, but the fight we showed makes it a great achievement. Proud of the group. If you just go with attacking batsmen in these conditions, you'll struggle. You need good batsmanship on these wickets. I've been coming here for a while now, trying to win, hadn't happened. That's why this makes it special. People have written us off for a while, we knew the style and plans we wanted to play with are all there and can win us the World Cup. It's about believing we're good enough, we did that in four out of the five games. Great series all around.
Usman Khawaja is the Player of the Match for his 100 off 106 balls. He's also the Player of the series for finishing as the highest run-scorer.
"Scoring hundreds is even more fun if you win games," he says. "Never easy to beat India at home, so we're very excited. We all adapted really well, end of the day, it was a really good team performance. Even when we lost the first two games, we had great vibes in the camp."
Virat Kohli: We certainly thought it was a gettable target, they got away from us in the end, 15-20 more than what we could have kept them to. Overall, Australia deserved to win, they played with more passion, hunger and heart. Were brave in pressure situations, they way they raised their intensity meant they were deserving winners.
On dew: We didn't even consider dew in this game, can't predict these things. Can't take any excuses, have to live up to the potential. It's good we have had these losses, to correct these at the World Cup. The guys will reflect on this series quite a bit, been playing a lot of games on the road. Can be proud of the cricket we've played last few months, series didn't go well yes, but we've played well.
On No. 4 or 5: We're more or less sorted, now it's about giving guys their roles and expect them to stand up. Maybe theree's just one spot we've to discuss. Last three games, the idea was to give fringe guys some time and see how they react. No excuses, we're expected to raise our standard of cricket. The changes will never be an excuse. We will take a lot of confidence going into the World Cup.
Justin Langer, Australia's coach: All the credit goes to the players, we help prepare them. They have to perform under pressure. Incredibly proud of the boys. Unless you're the selectors, tough to pick the squad. Been an incredible arm wrestle right from the time India arrived in Australia in the summer. For us to win this series is incredible for Australian cricket. They showed great character, if you look over the whole summer, we've played about 17 games against India. India had the better of us in Australia and we were able to have the better of them here. I think Jhye Richardson and Pat Cummins are developing into a great partnership, Usman Khawaja hasn't played a lot of ODIs but is a class act, he's got himself so fit. Credit goes to him for showing the discipline to get to where he is. You can name the whole group, they've gone a great job.
Peter Handscomb: My role was to try and take the innings as deep as possible, get us into the 40-45th over. Couldn't have done without Uzzi. It means a lot to come over and win a series in India, to do it now in preparation for the World Cup gives us a lot of confidence. Special to come back from 0-2 down, the boys are gelling beautifully, boys are having fun, great to win from where we did. Very happy.
Pat Cummins: Take 14 wickets in the series on these wickets anyday. Felt like I bowled well in the Aussie summer, glad it has clicked. Hopefully I can continue this at the World Cup. We always tend to peak around the World Cup, with a few guys set to come back, it's going to be a tough job to pick our World Cup squad. Just playing consistent cricket, a series of five matches, two T20Is, it's been a reasonable series. Always enjoy coming to India.

9.15pm Justin Langer is grinning from ear to ear, he let out a roar as the last wicket feel. Khawaja ran in from the ropes. Finch, whose form has been patchy, has a fist-pump. Maxwell exults in joy. This has been a special, special victory. Both sides shake hands, the series has been played in superb spirits, minus all the spite contests between these two sides have known to have produced in the past. There's mutual admiration, mutual respect and competitive edge, as always.
So much to think about for India. Their quota of games is now over heading into the World Cup, while Australia have five more matches to look at their combination in the UAE, where they will take on Pakistan.
India's middle order issues persist. Who bats at No. 4? Rayudu? Rahul? Vijay? MS Dhoni? Plenty of questions, few answers. Australia have healthy batting headaches to manage, especially when Smith and Warner return. Remember, their bans expire on March 29 and they'll be back for the IPL. Before that, they'll link up with the Australia squad in UAE for three days.
49.6;W;Stoinis to Kuldeep, OUT flattens the middle stump to end a sensational tour! Australia won the T20Is 2-0, and now they come back from 0-2 down to win the ODI series 3-2. Australia's first ODI series win in India since 2009. What a win, what a performance. Massive injection of confidence ahead of the World Cup. Only four times in ODI history has a team come back from 0-2 down to win a five-match series. Australia are the fifth side. What an achievement!;Kuldeep Yadav b Stoinis 8 (12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
49.5;?;Stoinis to Kuldeep, no run steps out to pull, Stoinis attacks the body, Kuldeep bails out of it;
49.4;?;Stoinis to Kuldeep, no run makes room and slaps this slower delivery to deep point;
49.3;1;Stoinis to Bumrah, 1 run banged in short, Bumrah mistimes a pull to fine leg. Over to you, Mr Kuldeep;
49.2;1;Stoinis to Kuldeep, 1 run clobbered, one bounce towards deep midwicket where Handscomb does well. Kuldeep wanted the second, Bumrah refused, and Kuldeep is livid. Fun to watch;
49.2;1w;Stoinis to Kuldeep, 1 wide looks to slash wide of point but leaves, wide called;
49.1;4;Stoinis to Kuldeep, FOUR runs makes room and wallops this short ball to the midwicket boundary, good strike.;
48.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Bumrah, no run squirts one off a thick inside edge to fine leg;
48.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Bumrah, no run another ripper of a bouncer, Bumrah wants to pull but Richardson's too quick! Somehow manages to avoid it;
48.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Bumrah, no run snorter of a delivery that has him looking to evade the bouncer, lobs off the arm guard to the keeper;
48.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Shami, OUT caught and bowled. It's the same tactic. Bounce the batsmen out, giving them no room to work with. Shami goes for the pull, top edges it, and Richardson runs the length of the pitch to complete a fine catch;Mohammed Shami c & b Richardson 3 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
48.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 run pulls a short ball on middle and leg to long-on;
48.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Shami, 1 run swings a short ball on middle away to deep square leg;
47.6;1;Cummins to Shami, 1 run swings the short ball away to deep square leg. Cummins wraps up a spell that reads 10-1-38-2. #Match-winning;
47.5;?;Cummins to Shami, no run another short ball but since it's off pace Shami is beaten on the pull shot again;
47.4;?;Cummins to Shami, no run swings at a back of a length slower ball angled into him and comes up with a whole lot of nothing;
47.3;?;Cummins to Shami, no run back of a length and outside off, chops it down to mid-on;
47.2;1;Cummins to Kuldeep, 1 run lifts a full ball on leg stump away to deep square leg;
47.1;?;Cummins to Kuldeep, no run back of a length and outside off, dabs behind point;
46.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, nudges it through midwicket;
46.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Shami, 1 run falls short of long leg as Shami takes on the short ball, pulling it away;
46.4;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, 1 leg bye short on leg stump, works it to fine leg;
46.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run back of a length and outside off, he tries to guide it to third man, but no luck;
46.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kuldeep, no run bouncer on middle and leg from round the wicket, Kuldeep lets it go;
46.1;W;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, OUT taken at deep midwicket! There goes India's final hope, trying to pull a short ball that is a touch too close to the body for him to get any power, and just a little too much bounce for him to deal with. Tiny bit of a top edge and Maxwell on the boundary does some great work, running to his right and taking a clean catch at high pressure. Australia have been pushed to their very limit in this series, but they've found heroes every single time;Kedar Jadhav c Maxwell b Richardson 44 (57b 4x4 1x6) SR: 77.19;
45.6;W;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, OUT Pat Cummins you absolute legend! The partnership that has been scaring Australia for the last half hour is broken at it's their talisman that pulls it off. Bowls full. Angles it at the toes, Bhuvi is backing away, that is serious pace for anyone at No.8, and he just scoops the ball up to a backpedalling mid-off;Bhuvneshwar Kumar c Finch b Cummins 46 (54b 3x4 2x6) SR: 85.18;
45.5;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run batting so very deep in the crease, defends a fullish delivery outside off over to mid-on;
45.4;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run bangs in the offcutter, but Jadhav is prepared for it, pulling it through midwicket;
45.3;2;Cummins to Jadhav, 2 runs looks for the yorker on middle and leg, but Jadhav, so coolly, flicks it through midwicket. This calm. This unreal calm is a herald for something big...;
45.2;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run slower bouncer but Bhuvi is ready for it, tapping it through point;
45.2;1w;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 wide goes for the wide yorker - nails it - but it strays just a touch too far;
45.1;4;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, FOUR runs outside edge! Bhuvi does want to find the third man boundary, but this definitely goes finer than even he would have planned. The short ball at the body is Australia's plan. Bhuvi keeps making room and messing it up;
44.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run dabs it down by his feet and it's Jadhav's turn to push his partner for a quick single. Richardson rushes forward to make the run-out, but the underarm throw doesn't work;
44.5;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 leg bye short and at the body, Jadhav tries to flick it away, but it bounces off the thigh pad and Bhuvi pinches the quick single;
44.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run back of a length on off stump, taps it into the covers;
44.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run dropped by the bowler, diving to his left. It's dying on him. It's a very very tough chance, especially in his followthrough, and after seeing the batsman play a pull shot. Wouldn't be expecting it to come his way but it does and though he responds well, diving to his left, it doesn't stick;
44.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, SIX runs launches it straight down the ground! It's the slower ball, but it's gone wrong. Hits a length, sits up to be smacked, and Bhuvi makes room and delivers big time;
44.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run targets the body with a short ball, Jadhav pulls down to long leg;
43.6;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run shortish on middle, Jadhav works it away to long leg;
43.5;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run length on leg stump, Bhuvi flicks straight of midwicket;
43.4;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run clears that front leg and goes for the flat-batted swat over the bowler's head. No contact;
43.3;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run full and angled into leg stump, Bhuvi fends it away awkwardly towards mid-on;
43.2;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run excellent composure! It's the slower short ball, and he's not fooled one bit. Holds his shape, presents the bat like a ramp and finds a single to deep third man;
43.1;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run slaps the shortish delivery outside off through to the sweeper;
42.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run well flighted on off stump, Jadhav defends;
42.5;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run flatter delivery on middle, Bhuvi goes back, opening up his body to deal with the ball skidding on straight, and whips it to long-on. Such goooooood batting.;
42.4;6;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, SIX runs into the crowd beyond midwicket. It's a length ball and he picks it so early, getting down on one knee and swinging away. Mighty strike;
42.3;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run works it away through midwicket;
42.2;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run sexy little legbreak as Zampa loops it up above the batsman's eyeline, drawing him forward outside off, and beating his edge with dip and turn;
42.1;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run hammers the half-volley on middle stump back down the pitch. Zampa gets a hand to it, but then it skips past the stumps at the non-strikers to long-on;
41.6;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run pushes back to block a flatter delivery outside off;
41.5;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run loops it up outside off, Jadhav presses forward to block;
41.4;2;Maxwell to Jadhav, 2 runs quicker and flatter on leg stump, Jadhav taps it gently through midwicket, explicitly so he can get a couple of runs. The fielder is all the way on the boundary so it is perfectly calculated;
41.3;6;Maxwell to Jadhav, SIX runs clears deep square leg! Well, there isn't a fielder there, so it's even better cricket. Spots the field where no man is in and slog sweeps a length ball on middle to smithereens;
41.2;1;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run backs away and cuts the short ball outside off to the sweeper;
41.1;?;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, no run goes back even though it's a pretty full ball and defends in front of middle stump;
40.6;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run flatter delivery on middle, Bhuvi whips it through midwicket;
40.5;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run a pretty short googly, which he tries to pull but inside edges onto his own boot. Looks like he picked the variation, looking to hit with the turn;
40.4;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run loops it up on middle, Jadhav stays deep and snug in his crease to flick through midwicket;
40.3;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run rocks back and cuts the short and wide delivery to the sweeper;
40.2;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run tosses it up and drifting in on middle, Bhuvi keeps his head once again and blocks.;
40.1;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run oustanding pull shot, staying low, which is a good thing on this pitch, and clattering the ball that strayed into his pads to long leg;
39.6;4;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, FOUR runs slices it through point! There is lovely drift on the ball but it works against Maxwell as Bhuvi gets the room to carve it away. Not perfectly timed, but doesn't need to be once he can beat the infield on a small ground like the Kotla;
39.5;?;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, no run full and outside off, defends;
39.4;?;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, no run whips a shortish delivery down the pitch, Maxwell rushes across to stop it and runs headlong into Jadhav, both men toppling over, and the coming up with the Australian hugging the Indian;
39.3;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run round-arms the ball into Jadhav's toes - like Jadhav himself does when he bowls - and the batsman flicks it to fine leg;
39.2;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run nudges a good length ball on off stump to midwicket;
39.1;4;Maxwell to Jadhav, FOUR runs he's definitely not giving up! Charges out of his crease - giving the bowler no indication - and clatters the length ball (which becomes a half-volley) to the long-off boundary;
38.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 1 run works a shortish delivery on middle through square leg;
38.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, no run fuller delivery outside off, defends;
38.4;4lb;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, 4 leg byes goes wide of the crease for a good length ball on leg stump. Jadhav tries to flick it to the fine leg boundary and does in the end do so, off his pads;
38.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Jadhav, no run full and angling into off stump, Jadhav defends;
38.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run bouncer again, right over off stump, forcing Bhuvi to play, and he does, fending the ball off the bottom glove for a quick single. Good running from Jadhav. He knows he needs to take the strike to the fast bowler;
38.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run keeps low but Bhuvi is somehow able to protect his stumps, staying balanced in front of the wickets and flicking the ball through midwicket;
37.6;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run waits for the short ball to come to him on middle and leg and picks it away through midwicket;
37.5;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run makes room to cut the ball, but it keeps low and beats him outside off;
37.4;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run goes gung-ho, looking for the long-off boundary, but Finch does beautifully, moving to his right, despite a bad bounce right in front of him, to get the body behind the ball;
37.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run steps out but Lyon doesn't give him much swinging room and with the ball pushed through flat on off stump, Jadhav can only block;
37.2;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run loops it up outside off, Jadhav meets it with soft hands and dead bat;
37.1;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run flicks the shortish delivery on off stump with the turn to midwicket;
36.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run another sharp short ball, coming up towards Bhuvi's badge, but the No. 8 blunts it well enough;
36.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run cuts in off the pitch again and Bhuvi, standing on leg stump and reaching away from his body, ends up inside edging to midwicket;
36.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run bouncer as a follow-up, and it veers into the right-hander from outside off, coming up for his nose. Bhuvi sways away beautifully though;
36.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run he's deceived by the slower ball, coming out the back of the hand. Bhuvi is looking to drive through the covers, on the up, and ends up bottom-edgging it towards mid-on;
36.2;2;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, 2 runs stays beside the short ball outside off and thwacks it through the covers;
36.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Bhuvneshwar, no run keeps out a back of a length delivery on off stump;
35.6;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run loads of turn as Jadhav, hurriedly making room to cut the ball on leg stump, only manages to find cover;
35.5;1;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run slaps a short delivery outside off back down the pitch but there isn't enough power to beat Lyon himself;
35.4;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run shortish and outside off, he slices it behind point;
35.4;1w;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 wide bowls it quick and flat on middle, but thereafter it spins well down leg. They check on the stumping, just in case Jadhav, who is well back in his crease, had his feet in the air. Nope.;
35.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run lbw appeal as Jadhav gets forward to block an offbreak outside off. Impact not in line;
35.2;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run stays back to the shortish delivery on off stump and dinks it behind square leg;
35.1;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run loops it up on off stump, Jadhav stretches forward to block;
34.6;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run short of length on middle and leg, he works this behind square to deep square.;
34.5;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run driven on the up to deep cover;
34.4;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run snorter of a short ball, Bhuvi looks to fend, is late on it as this one rolls off the shoulder of the bat to short third man;
34.3;?;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, no run dabs to point, looks for a single but Stoinis is quick to swoop in;
34.2;4;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, FOUR runs edged, races away to the third man boundary. Shaun Marsh was no more than a few yards away from the ball but he couldn't even get a hand on it. Cummins' extra pace. Bhuvi squared up as he poked, lucky runs.;
34.1;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run stands tall and punches this behind point for an easy single;
33.6;?;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, no run turns this gently with the spin to short midwicket;
33.5;?;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, no run punched back, good work by Lyon;
33.4;?;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, no run turns this from outside off towards midwicket;
33.3;?;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, no run drifts in to roll off the inside edge to the leg side as Bhuvi pushes forward;
33.2;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run big turn from length outside off, works this behind square as he walks the single;
33.1;1;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run wrists this down to long-on;
32.6;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run eases this to Maxwell, who stops it well at point;
32.5;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run slips in a full delivery, Jadhav squeezes this back down the pitch;
32.4;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run squeezes this wide of point for a quick single;
32.3;1;Cummins to Jadhav, 1 run width and he's flayed that behind point, Zampa does well to cut that off;
32.2;?;Cummins to Jadhav, no run deceived by the slower length ball, looks to run it down but is beaten;
32.1;1;Cummins to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run uses the depth of the crease and defend this into the gap at cover;
31.6;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run drifts in, shorter in length, defended back;
31.5;1;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run makes room and punches this to deep point;
31.4;1;Lyon to Jadhav, 1 run worked with the angle to deep backward square leg;
31.3;?;Lyon to Jadhav, no run fired full on middle and leg, turned into the leg side;
31.2;4;Lyon to Jadhav, FOUR runs cut away beautifully, Kotla roars. Too short, made room and played it really late to beat short third man;
31.1;1;Lyon to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run bunts this down to long-on as they jog the single;
30.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run skids one through on a length, defended back. Hurried into it.;
30.5;1;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run works this wide of midwicket for a quick single;
30.4;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run plays this late dab past slip to short third man;
30.3;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run gets to the pitch and eases this full delivery to cover again;
30.2;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run driven with the spin to short cover;
30.1;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run drifts in and straightens, Bhuvi defends as he's on the move;
29.6;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run lunges forward and smothers this nicely;
29.5;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run bunted back to the bowler, was looking to cut initially.;
29.4;4;Maxwell to Jadhav, FOUR runs tickled and done very very nicely. Fine leg had given up. Tired effort by Khawaja. Poor ball from Maxwell;
29.3;1;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run works this behind square on the leg side to get off the mark;
29.2;?;Maxwell to Bhuvneshwar, no run goes back and across as he works this towards midwicket;
29.1;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run tucks this down to fine leg as he jogs the single;
28.6;?;Zampa to Bhuvneshwar, no run squeezes the drive to cover.;
28.5;W;Zampa to Jadeja, OUT Gone! Huge, huge. This is a sensational delivery, drifts away and then spins to beat Jadeja's forward prod. Completely deceived by the googly, didn't read it at all. Carey grabs cleanly and whips the bails off even as Jadeja's back foot is just on the line. I wouldn't want to be Kumara Dharmasena here, if ever there's something, there may be no more than a millimeter behind. The practical decision should be out.;Ravindra Jadeja st ?Carey b Zampa 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
28.4;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run nice and full on the stumps, turned back;
28.3;?;Zampa to Jadeja, no run lunges forward and defends this full and flat delivery;
28.2;W;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, OUT he's out stumped trying to play an ugly hoick, and in the process loses his bat. Zampa has run all over him. Dropped twice in as many overs, but isn't a third time lucky. Zampa sees him coming and shortens his length, Carey does brilliantly well behind the stumps because he could've been blinded by the batsman's movements for a split second. This is an outstanding stumping.;Rohit Sharma st ?Carey b Zampa 56 (89b 4x4 0x6) SR: 62.92;
28.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run drifts in a full delivery, defended.;
27.6;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flatter one on middle and leg, nudged towards fine leg.;
27.5;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run steps out, nearly gets yorked so squeezes it out;
27.4;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run lunges forward and turns this into the leg side;
27.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run beaten on the sweep. This was fired in, touch too full as well. Rolls off the pad into the leg side.;
27.2;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run fired in from wide of the crease, defended back;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball that keeps a touch low, but Rohit is right behind the line;
26.6;?;Zampa to Jadhav, no run gets a good stride forward and smothers this.;
26.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flatter and fuller outside off, Rohit eases this wide of point;
26.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run steps out but is done in nearly by the drift, Rohit gets a thickish inside edge to short fine. Played down the wrong line there;
26.3;1;Zampa to Jadhav, 1 run tucks this wide of square leg as they jog the single;
26.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gentle bunt into the off side, with the bat hitting the pad. This was a flipper from Zampa;
26.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run Maxwell has fluffed a simple chance at cover! Two drops in two overs, Rohit the recipient of slices of luck on both times. This was nice and full, he drove and failed to keep it down.;
25.6;4;Maxwell to Jadhav, FOUR runs rocks back and slaps this through extra cover. Superb. This was begging to be hit and Jadhav merely did that;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run looks to work this behind square, bounces off a length to hit the thigh pad.;
25.4;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run bunts this gently into the off side;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run too full, eased down to long-on as they jog the single;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Jadhav, 1 run dabs this gently into the off side, behind square, for a single.;
25.1;?;Maxwell to Jadhav, no run drifts in a quicker length ball, defended.;
24.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run beauty! Was there an edge? We'll soon find out. Spun away sharply as Rohit stabbed at this, not grabbed by the keeper. Hard to say without looking at a replay, but I suspect Rohit may have just gotten away.;
24.5;2;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs slices this full toss towards deep point, Jadhav turns for the second but is sent back. Suspect he has been saved by a full-length dive.;
24.4;W;Zampa to Shankar, OUT he's miscued this to long-on! Vijay will be mighty disappointed, because this is an opportunity missed. Not sure why he needed to go for another big hit. Zampa goes shorter, faster and Vijay looks to pull but is cramped for room and ends up getting a top-edge. India are in trouble.;Vijay Shankar c Khawaja b Zampa 16 (21b 0x4 1x6) SR: 76.19;
24.3;6;Zampa to Shankar, SIX runs lofted and lofted very well, smacks the sightscreen. Didn't get to the pitch with this one but went through with the stroke and hit it right off the middle. Was hitting against the turn, mind you, but the boundary that side is not the longest.;
24.2;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run sees the flight, drills this to extra cover;
24.1;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run punches to midwicket;
23.6;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run turns this towards short midwicket;
23.5;1;Maxwell to Shankar, 1 run works this down to long-on;
23.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run bunts this wide of point and he gets to a half-century, Kotla stands to applaud. Rohit's 41st in ODIs;
23.3;1;Maxwell to Shankar, 1 run eased down to long-on as they jog the single;
23.2;?;Maxwell to Shankar, no run shortish on middle and leg, worked to square leg.;
23.1;?;Maxwell to Shankar, no run forced back to the bowler;
22.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run cramped for room as he shapes to drive, mistimed to cover point. Hint of a mix-up but they don't take the run;
22.5;1lb;Zampa to Shankar, 1 leg bye skids one through, Vijay late on the whip as this rolls off the pad to the leg side;
22.4;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drifting into middle and leg, Rohit nurdles this to square leg;
22.3;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run eased down to long-on as short midwicket can't intercept this firm push;
22.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run steps out and whips this full toss to long-on;
22.1;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run steps out and drives to cover;
21.6;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run shortish and spinning in, defended towards mid-on;
21.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run waits for this to spin back in as he eases this to short third man;
21.4;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run squared up but somehow manages to squirt this between cover and point;
21.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run steered wide of short third man for an easy single;
21.2;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run punched down to long-on as they jog the single;
21.1;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run takes a step across and works it with the spin to square leg;
20.6;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run this one drifts in and holds its line, Rohit defends;
20.5;2;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs slices this drive towards deep point, good running as Jhye Richardson is just a split second late to move to his left;
20.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run drifts in a full delivery, defended back to Zampa;
20.3;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run eased down to long-on, got nice and close to the pitch of the ball;
20.2;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run jabs it away wide of Finch at cover as they steal a single to bring up India's 100;
20.1;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run lovely flow of the bat as he eases with the spin to long-off;
19.6;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run looks to play the delicate dab, rolls towards short third man off the glove. Got too close to the delivery.;
19.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run touch short, he makes room and punches this to deep point;
19.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run works this from outside off towards midwicket, slightly uppish but no harm done;
19.3;1;Lyon to Shankar, 1 run flatter on middle, punched to the man coming in from long-on;
19.2;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run off a thickish inside edge to long-on. Stepped out but couldn't get to the pitch;
19.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run spins back in off a length, defended;
18.6;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run goes right back into the crease and turns this into the leg side.;
18.5;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run shortens his length, skids one through, defended back;
18.4;?;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run chipped but just short of Zampa on the followthrough;
18.3;1;Zampa to Shankar, 1 run as a batsman, you can't ask for a better delivery than a long hop to get off the mark. Vijay gets hold of the pull but hits it all along the ground to deep midwicket;
18.2;?;Zampa to Shankar, no run nice stride forward as he defends this sharp legbreak. Appeal from Australia because they think it was pad first, but surely the impact was outside off.;
18.1;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run eased with the spin too sweeper cover;
17.6;?;Lyon to Shankar, no run gets outside the line and works it with the spin to midwicket;
17.5;W;Lyon to Pant, OUT snuffed out by a beauty! Drew him forward, got this to dip and spin, Pant has a poke and it's taken beautifully at slip. India are in trouble or what.;Rishabh Pant c Turner b Lyon 16 (16b 1x4 1x6) SR: 100;
17.4;?;Lyon to Pant, no run allows this to drift in and bunts it gently to the off side.;
17.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gets outside the line and bunts it into the off side as they scamper a quick single.;
17.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run sharp turn from length outside off, defended from the crease;
17.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run turns this with the spin to short midwicket;
16.6;?;Zampa to Pant, no run googly which he picks and plays with the spin to mid-off.;
16.5;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drilled back to Zampa, who is struck on the finger as this deflects to long-off. Ouch, that should hurt but he ain't showing it;
16.4;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run shortish delivery on middle and leg, worked behind square to deep square leg;
16.3;1;Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run driven with the spin to long-off;
16.2;1;Zampa to Pant, 1 run whips this nicely towards deep square, looks for the second but is sent back;
16.1;6;Zampa to Pant, SIX runs ah, the answers are here! Short, half-tracker, and he rocks back to wallop that over deep midwicket.;
15.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run ties to whip a good length ball from outside off through midwicket, but the mini-helicopter doesn't quite work from Rohit. Goes straight back to the bowler;
15.5;1;Lyon to Pant, 1 run drags his length short which allows Pant the time he needs to slice it behind point;
15.4;?;Lyon to Pant, no run a little drift away from the left-hander, who stretches forward to defend the full delivery;
15.3;?;Lyon to Pant, no run loops it up from round the wicket onto middle stump, Pant defends;
15.2;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a shade short which allows Rohit to back away and guide it through cover point;
15.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run lunges forward - which is good to see - against a tossed up ball outside off and defends it;
14.6;?;Stoinis to Pant, no run goes for the on-the-up drive but short cover is on hand to prevent the runs;
14.5;?;Stoinis to Pant, no run pitches it up on off stump, Pant blocks it;
14.4;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stays back to the length ball and neatly sends it to square leg;
14.3;1;Stoinis to Pant, 1 run opens the face as he uses the bowler's angle across him to find a single to third man;
14.2;?;Stoinis to Pant, no run meets the short ball under his eyes this time since he doesn't have the room to free the arms;
14.1;4;Stoinis to Pant, FOUR runs absolutely hammers it. It's short. It's wide. It's so very juicy and Pant flays it behind point. Tons and tons of power in the shot.;
13.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run nudges the length ball to midwicket;
13.5;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run there's the risk in playing back. Lyon gets the good length ball to bite in the surface. The turn is quick. There is bounce too. And it forces Rohit to hurry into his block. Australia could invest in a short leg. High chance of an inside edge onto pad;
13.4;1;Lyon to Pant, 1 run vicious cut shot, with the ball turning away from the left-hander. Single to deep point;
13.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off stump, but Rohit prefers the safety of his crease, pushing the ball to long-on;
13.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely bowling! There's just enough flight to draw Rohit forward, but it dips on him, drifts in, turns in too and beats the inside edge as he blocks;
13.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run he's back over the wicket now that Kohli's out. Good length, outside off, Rohit blocks;
12.6;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run opens the face and steers the shortish delivery outside off to deep third man;
12.5;?;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run covers the line of a shortish delivery outside off and nudges it to midwicket. Rohit will know he has to bat through the innings;
12.4;1;Stoinis to Pant, 1 run back of a length, and slow too, but Pant reads it well and nudges it through midwicket;
12.3;W;Stoinis to Kohli, OUT Kohli walks too! Extra bounce does the Indian captain. You'd have expected that from one of the big scary quicks but this is Marcus Stoinis! And boy is he thrilled. A back of a length delivery outside off - ripe for the cut shot, which is what Kohli tries - gets a bit of a top edge through to the keeper. Cross-seamed variation from the Australian allrounder and it does the trick;Virat Kohli c ?Carey b Stoinis 20 (22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
12.2;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish on off stump, Rohit turns it through square leg;
12.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run walks down the pitch and helps the back of a length delivery on off stump away to deep square leg;
11.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run both are happy to nurdle Lyon around, preferring to hang back, letting the ball turn, and deflecting it away with soft hands. Single to fine leg;
11.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run nudges a shortish delivery on leg stump through square leg;
11.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run leans over the tossed up delivery outside off and knocks it down to long-on;
11.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stays back to defend a tossed up delivery, also from round the stumps, through point;
11.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run stays back and whips the good length ball on middle to deep square leg;
11.1;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs beats short third man just as he intends to do. Lyon starts round the wicket and Kohli trusts the angle, staying back, playing the late cut, and beating Turner on his left;
10.6;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run stays low but Kohli is so switched on that he's still able to glide it away from off stump and down to third man;
10.5;?;Stoinis to Kohli, no run misfield at cover, but it doesn't really amount to much. Turner is the man in the hot seat after Kohli defends a pitched-up ball on off stump with a vengeance;
10.4;1;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Rohit eases it to deep third man;
10.3;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run gets up off his toes to turn the shortish delivery on off stump through midwicket;
10.2;5;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 5 runs pitched-up offcutter outside off, Rohit drops it in front of cover point and gets the quick single. Then Maxwell's direct hit at the non-strikers' (no reasons to throw, btw, the batsman was well safe) ends up at the boundary;
10.2;5w;Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 5 wide low bounce! Rohit is all set up for the pull shot, but the shortish delivery scuttles past his shins, and even beats Carey behind the stumps, which doesn't please the bowler one bit;
10.1;1;Stoinis to Kohli, 1 run swivels on the back foot as he pulls the bouncer on leg stump to long leg;
9.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run pushes it to cover;
9.5;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs just over mid-on! And only just! Rohit is usually a fine judge of when to kick on. But here, trying to force a good length ball outside off, over the leg side, he is nearly caught out. Maxwell does his best moving to his left, but in the end it lobs over him;
9.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run thumps the pitched-up delivery to mid-off. Kohli asks Rohit about whether the ball is swinging...;
9.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run he swipes at the air in anger after guiding a short ball outside off to third man and not to the third man boundary;
9.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full and outside off, drives through the covers;
9.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run presents the full face as Richardson hits a good length on off stump;
8.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run the front foot doesn't quite move as far as he'd like to make the most of this overpitched delivery - and that's entirely because Rohit is wary of the amount of bounce Cummins has been getting all evening - and the mis-hit drive finds mid-off;
8.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run plenty of pace - 143 kph - and bounce as well. Rohit has to be careful, using his wrists to pin the ball down at midwicket;
8.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run misses the front-foot pull, which is bizarre because he might be the best player of that shot in the world;
8.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run gets out the on-the-up drive, but doesn't quite beat cover;
8.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run searches for a quick single after dabbing the back of a length ball on off stump down by his feet, but point is switched on;
8.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run deals with Cummins' bounce welll, leaping off his feet to turn the short ball on middle to midwicket;
7.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run seam movement into the bat makes Kohli mistime his backfoot drive, which ends up at midwicket instead of where he was aiming (mid-off);
7.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run fullish and outside off, he drives to mid-off;
7.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run rises up to get on top of the bounce of this back of a length ball outside off and blunts it well;
7.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run opens the face as he slices the shortish ball outside off to deep third man;
7.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs breathtaking! All of his quality is condensed into this one moment. His balance. His timing. His ability to read length so early. Spots the shortish ball outside off and simply punches it through cover. No fuss. All boss.;
7.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run shapes for the cut shot, but with the ball - shortish and outside off - not quite bouncing as much as he likes, he mistimes it into the covers;
6.6;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run waits on the shortish delivery on middle and turns it through midwicket;
6.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, he steers towards cover;
6.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run OUCH!. Cummins again. The sheer strength he has to keep running in and hammer the back of a length produces magic even on pitches that troll fast bowlers for even existing. This rears up at Rohit. Worse. It cuts into him, at high pace, preventing him the time he needs to get out of the way. In the end, Rohit does well to glove it and keep it down;
6.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run right behind the short of a length ball on off stump;
6.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run cuts back in off the pitch as Richardson hits the deck, Rohit hangs back, letting the ball come onto him, and then taps it towards point;
6.1;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run reads the length so early - short and outside off - and spirits it to deep third man.;
5.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run risky run! But Kohli always fancies those. He brings those wrists down on a full delivery on middle stump and knowing he's mistimed it, he sprints across to the other end before Stoinis at mid-on can find the target at the non-strikers' end;
5.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and outside off, guides it to deep third man;
5.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs caresses it to the extra cover boundary. Rohit's driving has been sumptuous in this little innings. It's not always fetched him runs, but here, he takes care to find the gap too;
5.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run rides the bounce nicely - and he can do that because he is so still at the crease - to send the shortish and rising delivery outside off to cover point;
5.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length on off stump draws Rohit forward with a punch to cover;
5.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run hangs back, and leg side of the good length ball outside off, so he can steer it to deep third man;
4.6;4;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs slices it! He likely wants to find the boundary in front of point, but a thick outside edge smuggles it to boundary on the right of the third man;
4.5;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run shuffles inside the line of the ball, hoping to deflect it to the fine leg boundary, but it thuds into his thigh and he has to settle for a single. Cummins, the bowler, gets across to it and tries to kick it at the stumps, but misses the target;
4.4;4;Cummins to Kohli, FOUR runs riiiidiculous! This is a fearsome fast bowler charging in at him, steaming coming out of his nose, but Kohli is so still at the crease, so cool coming forward to the pitched up ball, and so donwright dominant as he threads the gap at extra cover;
4.3;?;Cummins to Kohli, no run good length ball outside off, Kohli guides it to point;
4.2;W;Cummins to S Dhawan, OUT Dhawan walks! And there, in a nutshell, is the value of this outstanding bowler. The effort he puts in. The pace that he has. And the unerring accuracy. #TooGood #Cummins. This is back of a length, but it darts away from Dhawan's bat, bounces more than he expects too, and a punch through the covers instead ends up as an outside edge pounced by Alex Carey.;Shikhar Dhawan c ?Carey b Cummins 12 (15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;
4.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run gets squared up in dealing with a short ball on off stump. Cummins' strength to pound the new white ball into the deck is helping him get just enough sideways movement;
3.6;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run fullish and outside off, he drives through the covers;
3.5;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run shortish and on off stump, Dhawan has no room to work with and as a result has to settle for knocking it down to the bowler;
3.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Rohit waits on it and slice it away to deep third man;
3.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run pristine drive from Rohit again, but mid-off is lurking to deny him runs.;
3.2;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run straying onto the pads and Dhawan sends it on a one-way trip to deep square leg. (It hitchhikes the way back though);
3.1;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length and outside off, Dhawan guides it into the covers, only this one seems to stop on him, forcing him to check his shot;
2.6;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run full face of the bat as Rohit drives the fuller delivery to mid-off. Phew, just the composure he has to play proper shots even when he's not getting runs off them. The confidence that he can make it up later in the game...;
2.5;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run inside edge as Rohit underestimates the movement that Cummins gets. Hits the deck hard, with the seam upright and the ball jags back after pitching to disrupt the batsman's flick shot;
2.4;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run closes the face to turn a fuller delivery on middle to midwicket.;
2.3;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run lovely batting. He's become so good on the leg side, waiting for the ball, perfectly balanced at the crease, and then the roll of the wrists to find a single at deep square leg;
2.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run opens the face and guides the shortish delivery to point. Little closer to the body prompting a straight-bat shot;
2.1;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run oooh, he goes for the cut shot and it's a very rare occurance that he misses it altogether. Especially with so much room;
1.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, Rohit defends.;
1.5;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run goes round the wicket and Dhawan, waiting nicely for the pitched up ball on middle, flicks it to deep square leg. Delhi is ROARING;
1.4;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs carves it through cover. The off side is fairly packed, but when there's that much room on offer, Dhawan can bring in all his power. Lashes it between cover and point;
1.3;4;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs whistles away to the square leg boundary. Mistake from Richardson, the ball pitching on leg stump and asking to be hit. Dhawan is definitely in the mood to oblige;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run there's room to free the arms, but the slow pitch doesn't allow Dhawan to time the ball like he usually does. Cut finds cover;
1.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run hesitation from Rohit, after he nudges a length ball towards square leg, but Dhawan pulls his partner through and he's safe, despite Khawaja's throw coming to his (non-strikers') end;
0.6;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run laces the short ball outside off to cover;
0.5;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run hint of an inside edge with Dhawan expecting the length ball to carry on with the angle across him, but Cummins gets it to straighten just enough that it ends up at mid-off's hands instead of racing away through cover;
0.4;1;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run glorious drive as he picks the gap between cover and mid-off, but Finch, running to his left, puts in a dive and prevents it from going to the boundary;
0.3;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run lovely line from Cummins, but Rohit is defying him as if he's a medium pacer. Confident forward step, sweet sound off the bat and the ball scurries to cover;
0.2;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches it up on off stump, Rohit eases forward and prevents its date with his sticks;
0.1;?;Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run gets carefully behind the shortish delivery on middle and even though there's a bit of movement for Cummins away from the batsman, Rohit blunts it beautifully;

5.45 pm The pitch is wearing. There is reverse swing on offer. Australia have a fine fast bowler in Pat Cummins, capable of bowling at any stage of the innings. Then there's the tearaway Jhye Richardson. He'll be fun to watch with the new ball. But in all likelihood, their best bets are the vastly improved Adam Zampa and the recalled Nathan Lyon.
Facing that bowling attack - on this tough pitch - are two of the best openers in the world. Shikhar Dhawan, fresh off a career-best 143, and Rohit Sharma, who absolutely loves playing against Australia. Mohali was actually only the second time in 13-fifty plus scores that he fell in the 90s. Seven of those 13 scores went past 120!
 Innings Start
Australia
India
5th ODI (D/N), Delhi, Mar 13 2019, Australia tour of India
272/9
237
Player of the match is Usman Khawaja, AUS
Australia won by 35 runs
