Data
Innings break Sri Lanka are all out for 144 after winning the toss and electing to bat. Australia's bowlers were simply too good. Jhye Richardson was outstanding on debut and Pat Cummins finished with four wickets after getting the first of the day. Niroshan Dickwella played an excellent innings in the circumstances to lift the total up to 144. How will the new Australian opening pair of Harris and Burns fare under lights? We will find out shortly.
ROHIT: "Getting bowled out early in last session of a D/N session could turn out to be a blessing for SL. As fast bowlers will have the best conditions to bowl with a hard new ball."
56.4;W;Cummins to Chameera, OUT caught at gully! Cummins wraps up the innings. Another short ball, he tries to pull, gets a top edge that balloons straight up to gully and Patterson takes a couple of steps back and another easy catch;Dushmantha Chameera c Patterson b Cummins 0 (40m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
56.3;?;Cummins to Chameera, no run 138kph, bouncer, he ducks underneath;
56.2;W;Cummins to Dickwella, OUT caught at midwicket! Dickwella falls trying to find the rope. It was banged in back of a length, he tries to pull over midwicket who was halfway to the rope, it came off the toe of the bat and flew to Patterson at midwicket who back-pedalled but took a fairly easy catch. His first catch in Tests;Niroshan Dickwella c Patterson b Cummins 64 (118m 78b 6x4 1x6) SR: 82.05;
56.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 134kph, bouncer, very high and angled down leg, he shapes to pull but just watches it fly over his head;
55.6;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run good length off break, he presses forward and defends;
55.5;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run 80kph, slower and higher, he is back and covering up in defence;
55.4;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run tossed up on middle, he defends on the front foot;
55.3;1;Lyon to Dickwella, 1 run he sweeps conventionally to deep backward square for one;
55.2;2;Lyon to Dickwella, 2 runs he skips down the track and lofts this inside out over cover, wide of long off for two. Lovely stroke;
55.1;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run he reverse sweeps firmly to deep point and opts not to take the run on offer;
54.6;?;Cummins to Chameera, no run beaten by a beauty! A late swinging full delivery at 138kph, that just tailed away past the edge;
54.5;?;Cummins to Chameera, no run 141kph, bouncer, he ducks underneath it well;
54.4;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run 140kph, short into the body, he plays a controlled pull, rolling this around to deep square and they take one this time;
54.3;2;Cummins to Dickwella, 2 runs 140kph, back of a length, in the arc and he heaves this over wide mid on, doesn't nail it but hits it well enough for two;
54.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run back of a length wide of off, he tries to lift this up and over gully but misses;
54.1;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs top edged pull flies over the keeper! It was banged in, he swung hard, gets a top edge that goes straight over Paine's head and bounces over the rope. No fielder there;
53.6;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run 85kph fuller on middle, he defends on the front foot;
53.5;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run tossed up on off, he defends on the front foot into the off side;
53.4;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run good length off break, he defends from the crease again;
53.3;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run 86kph, shorter, he's back and knocking this down again to short leg;
53.2;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run shorter length, a bit of bounce, he knocks it down off the glove to leg slip;
53.1;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run 88kph tossed up outside off, he presses forward to defend;
52.6;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 139kph, bouncer, he backs away and plays a jumping tennis smash type shot swatting it to point;
52.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run shorter length, over middle, he backs away to upper cut over slip but misses;
52.4;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 140kph, good length, wide of off, he tries to cut but misses;
52.3;2;Cummins to Dickwella, 2 runs walks down again, banged in short, he miscues a pull shot that just clears midwicket and they get a couple;
52.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 139kph bouncer, he pulls on the walk, not in control, gets a top edge that flies just wide and short of Harris at deep square! No single taken;
52.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run sets up for the DilScoop again, ramps it onto pad and it just misses the stumps and bounces to Paine! Brave shot to a 138kph length ball. But he's already hit one for six;
51.6;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run good length off break, he leans forward and defends with soft hands;
51.5;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run looped up higher, he's forward and defending to cover-point;
51.4;?;Lyon to Chameera, no run shorter length, 89kph, outside off, he's back and defending;
51.3;1;Lyon to Dickwella, 1 run 84kph, full on off, he paddle sweeps again to fine leg and takes the single this time;
51.2;4;Lyon to Dickwella, FOUR runs he sweeps from outside off and strikes this well behind square and it beats Burns diving on the rope! 50 for Dickwella. Excellent innings. It's his 11th fifty in Test cricket;
51.1;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run straighter line, he paddle sweeps fine, fine leg is back and they don't take the single;
50.6;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run he moves around the crease and then dabs a length ball down to third man for one to keep the strike for the next over;
50.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 141kph, better length, wide of off, he clears the front leg and pokes at it but misses;
50.4;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs he slashes this one up and over backward point! Gets the same length and width and he stays more stable and slaps this up and over point! Nicely done;
50.3;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run backs away and misses trying to slash this 138kph short ball over point;
50.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run he advances and swings hard but gets thick inside edge that flies past leg stump to fine leg, he turns down the single. He wants the strike;
50.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 136kph, good length wide of off, he leaves this alone through to Paine;
49.6;?;Starc to Chameera, no run full just outside off and Chameera chooses to give this ball a whack. Tries to drive, but misses the shot, and Paine pounces the ball. That's time for dinner;
49.5;1;Starc to Dickwella, 1 run yep, it's an attempted yorker on middle. Dickwella swings across the line, and inside-edges to fine leg;
49.4;?;Starc to Dickwella, no run length ball just outside off, and he backs away again before punching to cover. Displaying all three stumps once again;
49.3;6;Starc to Dickwella, SIX runs ramped! Right over the keeper's head for six. Full on off, and Dickwella shuffles across, down on one knee, and sends this for six over the least likeliest spot on the cricket field;
49.2;2;Starc to Dickwella, 2 runs length ball on leg stump, and Dickwella exposes all three stumps, before slicing a punch behind square. Chase for deep point this time;
49.1;4;Starc to Dickwella, FOUR runs full on leg stump, and he backs away before bunting a lifted cover drive over the infield! Teasing chase for Head to the boundary, but the ball wins the race this time;
48.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Chameera, no run back of a length just outside off, and Chameera smartly sways away from the ball's line;
48.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, 1 run length ball on off, and he paddles a check-pull to the leg side. Top-edged towards midwicket, but the ball lands just short. Livin' dangerously here...;
48.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run back of a length on off, and he tries to drag a pull along the ground. But the ball whizzes over his bat's face;
48.3;2;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, 2 runs full just outside off, but it's the slower ball from Richardson. Drags a swipe from outside the stumps to midwicket, and that area is pretty empty. Allows Dickwella to keep the tailender at the non-striker's;
48.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run length ball on middle, and Dickwella backs away before sticking his bat out to defend towards mid-off;
48.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run attempted ramp that doesn't come off. Length ball on middle, and Dickwella walks across the stumps to play the innovating shot. But he's been done in by some extra bounce;
47.6;?;Starc to Chameera, no run full just outside off, and Starc is appealing for caught-behind! It was a full ball that was bowled just outside off stump, and the ball goes through to the keeper with the batsman trying to defend. Starc believes there's a tiny edge, and Paine is convinced. Australia review and while there's nothing on HotSpot the TV umpire wants to check with snicko as well.... and nope, no contact. Marais Erasmus, the on-field umpire, was spot on;
47.5;?;Starc to Chameera, no run full on middle, and the leg-side nudge takes a leading edge to point instead;
47.4;W;Starc to Perera, OUT third slip! Perera finally gone, and it's a wicket that forces Perera to make his way back, not some body blow. Starc bowled full outside off, and the attempted straight drive took a thick outside edge to Labuschagne. Perera paying the price for playing inside the ball's line;Dilruwan Perera c Labuschagne b Starc 1 (25m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 6.25;
47.3;1;Starc to Dickwella, 1 run back of a length on middle, and cramping Dickwella. But he manages to work this off his hips to the leg side for a single;
47.2;?;Starc to Dickwella, no run length ball on off stump, and the back-foot defense flies away towards point on the off side;
47.1;?;Starc to Dickwella, no run overpitched wide outside off, and Dickwella's attempted drive takes the edge to the slip cordon. But the ball bounced way before it reached Burns at second slip;
46.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Perera, no run length ball, wide outside off, and seaming away from the batsman. He leaves it alone;
46.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Perera, no run full on off, and angling in, and defended with the bat's straight face to mid on;
46.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Perera, no run full just outside off, and he brings his bat down hard to punch through the off side. Intercepted at cover;
46.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Perera, no run back of a length outside off, and he rides the bounce to block off the back foot;
46.2;3;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, 3 runs full outside off, and he shovels a drive past cover's right. Chase from Head to the extra-cover boundary, and he does well to parry the ball back. Lyon ran with him for support, and he throws the ball back to the keeper;
46.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run full outside off, and left alone. Boomerang bounce through to the keeper;
45.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run back of a length outside off, and Perera allows it to go past his shoulder to the keeper;
45.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run welcomed with a full ball on off stump, and defended back to Starc. Perera shakes the pain off his hand;
45.4;W;Starc to Lakmal, OUT Starc's 200th! And this time the wicket will stand. Full from round the wicket on off stump, and he tries to block this off the front foot. But the ball moves away slightly after pitching, and the outside edge is taken by Labuschagne at third slip. Catch taken very close to the grass, but it's clean;Suranga Lakmal c Labuschagne b Starc 7 (6m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 175;
45.3;4;Starc to Lakmal, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, and that's been slapped through the off side! Allows Lakmal to free his arms, and he cuts it to the deep-point boundary. Hundred for Sri Lanka;
45.2;?;Starc to Lakmal, no run length ball on middle, but swaying down the leg side. Lakmal tries to work it off his pads, but the ball's too far way;
45.1;1;Starc to Dickwella, 1 run full on leg stump, and clipped away to deep backward square for a single;
44.6;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run full on off, and worked off his pads to the vacant square-leg region for a walking single. Phew, that was a long over;
44.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run length ball, wide outside off, and left alone by Dickwella;
44.4;3;Cummins to Lakmal, 3 runs full on middle, and clipped off his pads to deep midwicket. Work for the man in the deep, and that allows Lakmal to come back for the third!;
44.3;?;Cummins to Perera, no run Perera drops his bat and opens his gloves right away! Not good for Sri Lanka, Perera is clutching his right-hand's thumb. That's his bowling hand. Short ball that didn't rise as much and Perera's attempt to work towards the leg side hits his right glove. Ball was in the air for a while too, and short leg could've taken a catch if it was nearer to him. Marcus Harris the fielder;
44.2;?;Cummins to Perera, no run full just outside off, and this time the ball snakes past Perera's outside edge. Just a bit of away movement that makes Cummins miss the outside edge;
44.1;?;Cummins to Perera, no run length ball, wide outside off, but doesn't come in as much. Perera covers his off stump and shoulders his arms;
43.6;?;Starc to Dickwella, no run back of a length on middle, but angling down the leg side. Dickwella swivels and allows the ball to go through to the keeper;
43.5;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run;
43.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run length ball on off, and he stands tall to black off the back foot;
43.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run full on off stump again, and Perera defends with soft hands this time. Takes the outside edge again, but goes along the ground to third slip;
43.2;?;Starc to Perera, no run full just outside off, and he tries to check-drive towards cover But the ball angling away finds the outside edge but unfortunately for Australia... lands short of Labuschagne at third slip;
43.1;1;Starc to Dickwella, 1 run full on off, and he gets onto the back foot, before pushing a shot to mid on. A dangerous single, but they easily complete it in the end;
42.6;?;Cummins to Perera, no run again beats the outside edge! A terrific over from Cummins. Fullish ball outside off, and Perera comes forward to defend. But once again, he's too late into the shot;
42.5;?;Cummins to Perera, no run length ball just outside off, and the ball holds its line on this occasion. Perera looks to defend, but can't get bat on ball;
42.4;W;Cummins to ARS Silva, OUT full just outside off, and that's taken a feather edge! Fiery Cummins strikes, finally rewarded for some excellent bowling to Silva. Silva once again half-heartedly moves forward to defend, but a bit of away movement finds his outside edge. Falls for 9, after spending close to ten overs in the centre;Roshen Silva c ?Paine b Cummins 9 (88m 56b 1x4 0x6) SR: 16.07;
42.3;?;Cummins to ARS Silva, no run length ball, just outside off, and oh-so-close to the top of off stump. But Roshen calculates his leave, offering no shot as the ball goes through to Paine;
42.2;?;Cummins to ARS Silva, no run back of a length on middle, and Roshen swiftly ducks under the ball's line;
42.1;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run single pinched. Back of a length on off, and tapped away to the off side. Cummins gives it a chase, and throws it towards the keeper's stumps while diving to his right, but the ball wasn't aimed well. If Cummins had hit, then Silva was definitely going back for an early dinner;
41.6;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run full just outside off, and pushed away from his body to cover;
41.5;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run back of a length on off, and angling away from Roshen. He sways away from the line of the ball;
41.4;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run full on off, and the delivery boomerangs away from Roshen after hitting the deck. He stuck his bat out to defend with the angled bat, but the ball goes past his blade on this occasion;
41.3;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run full on middle, and he comfortably bunts this ball back past the non-striker. Head, at mid off, intercepts;
41.2;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run length ball just outside off, and he covers his off stump, before shouldering his arms;
41.1;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run whoa. Full toss on middle stump, and Roshen's defensive shot takes an outside edge to third man. Ball slipped because of the humidity, perhaps?;
40.6;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run length ball, just outside off, but angling into Dickwella. Defended off the front foot as the ball rolls back to Cummins;
40.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run full just outside off, and he half-walks to the pitch of the ball, before check-driving to cover;
40.4;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he comfortably sees this through to the keeper;
40.3;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run what happened there? Length ball outside off, but jagging in very sharply. Dickwella had shouldered his arms, but the ball had other plans. Raps him on the back pad, but impact was too high;
40.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run back of a length on off, and coming into Dickwella. He tries to open the bat's face and ramp it over third man, but can't make the connection with his bat;
40.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run length ball, wide outside off, and left alone first up;
39.6;1;Lyon to Dickwella, 1 run he sweeps a length ball from wide of off to deep square;
39.5;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run shorter length outside off, it spins sharply and he leaves;
39.4;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run attempts to sweep, gets it off the toe end of the bat to midwicket;
39.3;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run good length off break on off, he defends to silly mid off;
39.2;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run big drive and miss at an 84kph off break looped up and spinning sharply outside off;
39.1;4;Lyon to Dickwella, FOUR runs drifting down leg, he sweeps fine and it beats the diving Starc! Well played by Dickwella, he hit down on it, getting it fine of the man at short fine leg;
38.6;?;Cummins to ARS Silva, no run beaten again pushing forward defending at a good length outside off. He practices his leave after it flies to the keeper;
38.5;?;Cummins to ARS Silva, no run good length on off, he defends on the front foot with soft hands to the gap at cover, he wants one but Dickwella sends him back;
38.4;?;Cummins to ARS Silva, no run good length, 138kph, wide of off, he leaves this alone;
38.3;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run back of a length on off, he defends off the back foot, it comes off a thick inside edge through square leg to the sweeper;
38.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 140kph, back of a length angled in and nipping away and he's beaten! It just nips past the edge;
38.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run back of a length on off, he defends from the crease back to the bowler;
37.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run good length spinning in, he pushes this to cover;
37.5;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run shorter length spinning in, going down leg, he's back and raising the bat, letting it hit his thigh guard;
37.4;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run shorter length on off, he's back and defending;
37.3;1;Lyon to Dickwella, 1 run dropped by Head at backward point! He reverse sweeps, there's extra bounce, he scoops it high to the left of Head at backward point, he jumps up with the left hand and it hits his wrist and drops down!;
37.2;1;Lyon to ARS Silva, 1 run looped up higher and slower, 85kph, he skips down and whips this through midwicket nicely to the sweeper;
37.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run 91kph, good length outside off, he defends on the front foot;
36.6;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run beaten prodding on the front foot at a 138kph length ball outside off. It just held it's line rather than shaping in;
36.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 138kph, back of a length, he's squared up again slicing a defensive push to gully;
36.4;2;Cummins to Dickwella, 2 runs 135kph, back of a length, he's squared up defending, gets an edge but it goes straight down between second slip and gully, the outfield is a bit slow and it gets hauled in;
36.3;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run 139kph, good length wide of off, he's prepared to leave this one;
36.2;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs over-pitched and he crunches a glorious drive straight of mid off! 137kph half-volley and he presented the full face and punched it straight back past the bowler with power;
36.1;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run fuller outside off, he drives with an open face to point;
35.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run 91kph, quicker and shorter, he's back trying to force through cover but mistimes it;
35.5;3;Lyon to Dickwella, 3 runs floated up very high, he edges a drive past slip towards third man and Head has a long chase to haul it in;
35.4;?;Lyon to Dickwella, no run tossed up, 87kph, he defends off the front foot to silly mid off;
35.3;1;Lyon to ARS Silva, 1 run floated up outside off, he defends with soft hands to the gap at cover and they take one;
35.2;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run fuller on middle and leg, he defends with the turn to short leg;
35.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run tossed up, on off, he shuffles down and defends;
34.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run 138kph, bouncer, he tries to pull from an awkward position, half ducking half pulling but is beaten for pace as it flies over his shoulder;
34.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run good length, wide of off, he leaves this alone;
34.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run 137kph, good length angled across, he is beaten hanging the bat out and withdrawing it after it passed;
34.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run good length, outside off, he pushes on the front foot to cover;
34.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run good length, angled across and he leaves this alone;
34.1;2;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, 2 runs 137kph, fuller and wider, he leans into a drive through the gap at cover, a positive stroke for a couple;
33.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run good length on middle and off, he defends from the crease;
33.5;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run shorter length outside off, he's back and punching to point with a vertical back;
33.4;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run fuller on off, he's forward and defending;
33.3;4;Lyon to ARS Silva, FOUR runs a reverse sweep! Beautifully played brooming this fine of backward point! It was full outside off and he played a textbook reverse sweep to the big gap;
33.2;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run tossed up on leg, he's forward and defending;
33.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run 87kph, shorter length, sharp turn, he's back trying to force through the off side but chops it into the leg side;
32.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run beaten by a 135kph length ball that nips away from him! High class from Richardson;
32.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run 138kph, good length wide of off, he's happy to leave again;
32.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dickwella, no run 141kph, good length angled across, he's happy to leave this alone;
32.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, OUT caught behind! Superb bowling! He set him up. Back of a length, back of a length, and then a fuller 135kph, out-swinger tempting him into a drive, he just pushes at it but his weight was back and he moved late, got a thin edge as it swung away, easy catch for Paine;Dhananjaya de Silva c ?Paine b Richardson 5 (22m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 29.41;
32.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run wide of the crease, 139kph, back of a length angled into off, he defends off the back foot once more;
32.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 137kph, back of a length on off, he's back and across and defending comfortably;
31.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run looped high on off, 82kph, he reaches forward and defends smothering the spin;
31.5;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run he skips down to an 85kph off break, turns this with the spin to forward square;
31.4;2;Lyon to ARS Silva, 2 runs 88kph fractionally shorter, not that wide but he's back and dabbing a late cut using the pace to run it past backward point;
31.3;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run skips down to the pitch and whips this firmly to midwicket;
31.2;3;Lyon to Dhananjaya, 3 runs he advances to defends and edges past slip! It was well wide of him and runs fine to third man. Long chase for Khawaja. It just slid on with the arm and caught the edge as he prodded at it;
31.1;?;Lyon to Dhananjaya, no run good length, 87kph off break on off stump, he defends from the crease;
30.6;?;Jhye Richardson to ARS Silva, no run 138kph, bouncer, very short, he ducks under it easily;
30.5;?;Jhye Richardson to ARS Silva, no run 135kph, good length wide of off, he leaves again comfortably out of the hand;
30.4;?;Jhye Richardson to ARS Silva, no run 136kph, fuller outswinger, a tempter wide of off, but he's not tempted to play;
30.3;?;Jhye Richardson to ARS Silva, no run 136kph, good length wide of off, he leaves comfortably off the back foot;
30.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, 1 run short ball, outside off, he pulls but not convincingly wide of mid on;
30.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 138kph, good length, off stump line, he stands tall and defends on the back foot;
29.6;1;Lyon to Dhananjaya, 1 run 87kph, full on off, he pushes with the turn gently to mid on who is halfway to the rope and they get an easy one;
29.5;1;Lyon to ARS Silva, 1 run fuller on leg, he clips this wide of midwicket and they finally get a run;
29.4;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run good length on leg, spinning sharply, he raises the bat and lets it hit the thigh guard;
29.3;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run pushed through quicker, 88kph on middle, he defends from the crease;
29.2;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run tossed up on middle and off, he skips out and turns this to midwicket;
29.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run sharp turn and bounce leaps up! It comes off his bicep and drops down! He went back to cut and it just spat at him! Wow;
28.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 133kph, good length outside off stump, he raises the bat high and allows it to go through to the keeper;
28.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 137kph, good length, top of off, he wants to work to the on side but gets a slight leading edge that rolls back to the bowler;
28.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 138kph, good length, he's squared up going back and across to defend;
28.3;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 132kph, shorter and wider, he cuts firmly straight to point;
28.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 135kph, good length wide of off, he's back and defending away from his body prodding this to point;
28.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 137kph, back of a length fourth stump line, he defends off the back foot covering off stump;
27.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run shorter length on leg, he's back and tucking this past short leg;
27.5;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run tossed up on middle, he skips down and works to mid on;
27.4;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run he skips down the track and defends with pad bat tucked in behind and it balloons away;
27.3;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run beaten by a faster off break that slides on with the arm, it bounces and Paine can't take it cleanly;
27.2;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run good length off break on leg, he defends on the front foot to short leg;
27.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run tossed up outside off, he skips down and drives back to the bowler;
26.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run leading edge closing the face balloons just short of point! Another ball angling in and shaping away, he closed the face but the leading edge fells well short of the man;
26.5;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run 137kph, good length angled into off, he's back and across and defending;
26.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Dhananjaya, no run beats him!138kph fuller outside off, he prods at it and it shapes past the edge;
26.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, OUT Bowled him! What a cracker! Angled in at good pace, pitching off, shaping away late, he is squared up completely defending on the crease, it beats the edge and smashes into off stump!;Kusal Mendis b Richardson 14 (62m 44b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.81;
26.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, no run 135kph, full on middle and off, he pushes firmly again on the front foot straight into the stumps at the non-striker's end;
26.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, no run 133kph, fuller outside off, he pushes firmly on the front foot straight to mid off, that was nicely timed;
25.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run full on off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend. Well negated, and he goes into tea unbeaten on zero.;
25.5;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run;
25.4;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run length ball on middle, and turning into Roshen. Allows the ball to hit his body;
25.3;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run length ball, on middle stump, and he rocks back to block off the back foot;
25.2;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run shouts of 'catch it' as Roshen pads a defensive shot towards the leg side. Ball in the air as Labuschagne dives from short leg;
25.1;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run full on off, and he reaches forward to meet the ball halfway near the pitch. Defended;
24.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full just outside off, and the outswinger is driven through to mid-off's right. A running effort from the fielder saves Australia certainly two, maybe four;
24.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run back of a length on leg stump, but going further down leg. Mendis swivels and sees the ball go through into Mendis' gloves;
24.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full outside off, and he bends his knees to drive closer to the ground. Finds cover point however;
24.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run length ball on the fourth-stump line. Mendis covers his off stump and shoulders his arms;
24.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full on off stump, and he offers the bat's straight face to drive. Struck well, but straight back to the bowler;
24.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run;
23.6;?;Lyon to ARS Silva, no run length ball, just outside off, and he mistimes a cut to point;
23.5;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run full just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to block with the straight bat. Beats Lyon, and that allows Mendis to walk across for one;
23.4;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run length ball on leg stump, and whipped with the spin to leg slip. But importantly, played along the ground;
23.3;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run length ball on leg stump, and nudged off the back foot towards the off side;
23.2;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run full on leg stump, and he looks to work it away to the leg side after opening his stance. But ball hits his back leg;
23.1;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run length ball on off, and turning into his body. Rocks back, deep into his crease and defends;
22.6;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run length ball on middle that generates some extra bounce. He sways away from the ball's line, and lets it go to Paine;
22.5;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run wide outside off, and Roshen chooses to check-drive, but the ball has beaten his outside edge by the time he brings the bat down;
22.4;?;Starc to ARS Silva, no run length ball, on off stump, and he rides the bounce to defend;
22.3;3;Starc to Mendis, 3 runs shot! Ball outside off and going further away, and Mendis presses forward elegantly to drive through the off side. Lyon gives it a massive chase, and manages to save Australia one run;
22.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run length ball, just outside off, and angling away from his body. Left alone;
22.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run overpitched on middle, and while Mendis comes forward to drive, it's converted into a full toss. Looks to drive straight, but mistimes to mid off;
21.6;W;Lyon to Dimuth, OUT third one! Teasing ball, length delivery outside off, and he tries to get his bat back after trying to defend. But it's taken a glove-touch, and Paine takes a very sharp catch;Dimuth Karunaratne c ?Paine b Lyon 24 (104m 70b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.28;
21.5;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on middle, and he drives with the bat's straight face. Finds mid-off though;
21.4;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full just outside off stump, and squirted away off the back foot to point;
21.3;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run length ball on leg again, and swiped away to fine leg for a walking single;
21.2;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run length ball on leg stump, hits the top of his pads and lobs into the air. Shouts of 'catch it', but no contact off the bat;
21.1;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run length ball, just outside off and turning inwards. Blocked off the back foot;
20.6;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run length ball, just wide outside off, and he shoulder his arms this time after walking across to the off side;
20.5;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run back of a length, just outside off stump, and he sways away from the line of the ball;
20.4;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run full on off, and he bunts this back to mid off;
20.3;4;Starc to Dimuth, FOUR runs full toss, low on middle, and clipped away through the leg side! Ball races away to the midwicket boundary;
20.2;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run length ball, just wide outside off, and he shoulders his arms;
20.1;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run length ball, just wide outside off and he throws his hands at him to punch through the off side;
19.6;1;Lyon to Dimuth, 1 run full on off, and turning away. He opens the bat's face to push towards point, and steals a single with ease;
19.5;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run length ball on leg stump. The slider raps him on the back leg, but impact's outside the stumps;
19.4;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on leg stump, and defended towards short mid off. Tentatively playing at this, with two close-in fielders on the off side;
19.3;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on middle and leg, and Karunaratne blocks with soft hands;
19.2;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run full on leg stump, and into his pads. Nudged off his hips to the vacant square-leg region;
19.1;1;Lyon to Dimuth, 1 run full on middle, and worked away to cover;
18.6;4;Cummins to Mendis, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and he rides the bounce to muscle a cut square through the off side!;
18.5;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run full and very wide outside off stump. Mendis throws his bat at this, but the offcutter beats the outside edge of his bat;
18.4;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run back of a length, outside off stump, and left alone. Nice carry through to Paine;
18.3;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run tests him with the short ball, but not well directed. Length's outside the stumps, and Mendis easily ducks;
18.2;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run length ball into his body, and he rocks back using the crease's depth to block the ball away;
18.1;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run full just outside off, and a much more confident shot from Mendis. Nice big stride and defended;
17.6;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on middle, and nudged off his toes to midwicket. They want the single, but too dangerous a choice.;
17.5;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on off, and he pushes this with the bat's open face to silly mid off;
17.4;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run length ball spinning away, and he backs away to cut. Mistimed to point, but they choose not to run;
17.3;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on off from round the wicket. Ball drifting in and defended;
17.2;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run full outside off, and he walks down the ground, before bunting a drive to long on;
17.1;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run full just outside off, and turning into Mendis. Worked away to the leg side;
16.6;3;Cummins to Mendis, 3 runs finally off the mark! Back of a length outside off, but he rides the bounce to punch through the off side. Chase for third man around the boundary, and they collect three easily;
16.5;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run teasing full ball outside off, and Mendis tentatively steps forward to drive. But, once again, whizzing past his outside edge;
16.4;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run back of a length just outside off, and that sends Mendis ducking;
16.3;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run full outside off, and that's a beautiful cover drive that finds the fielder. Cummins wouldn't mind that... 'get the batsman driving';
16.2;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he bunts a square cut to point. Finds the fielder however;
16.1;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run length ball, just outside off, and Mendis is squared up! Tries to defend off the back foot after covering his off stump, but the ball goes past his outside edge;
15.6;2;Lyon to Dimuth, 2 runs finally some release. Full outside off, and driven with the turn to wide mid-off. Just a single, but wait, it's overthrows at the keeper's end! They come back for the second;
15.5;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full just outside off, and he comes forward to defend again. Played past the fielder at short mid off;
15.4;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he backs away to cut. But Karunaratne misses the shot and Tim Paine pouches the ball;
15.3;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on off, and he presses forward tentatively with the angled bat. Played behind square on the off side;
15.2;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on middle, and the offbreak is blocked away to point;
15.1;?;Lyon to Dimuth, no run full on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Spins past his outside edge much to Tim Paine's delight;
14.6;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run full and wide outside off, and easy decision for Mendis. Leaves the ball alone after facing a couple of challenging deliveries;
14.5;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run back of a length just outside off, and Mendis looks to defend off the back foot, before pulling his bat back;
14.4;?;Cummins to Mendis, no run length ball, just outside off, and it teases Mendis! Ball holds its line as Mendis looks to defend, and it once again beats his outside edge;
14.3;1;Cummins to Dimuth, 1 run length ball angling in, and defended off the back foot to the off side. They scamper across for one;
14.2;2;Cummins to Dimuth, 2 runs full outside off again, and easily shoveled through the covers. Chase for the fielder at a square-ish cover;
14.1;2;Cummins to Dimuth, 2 runs bowling from round the wicket to the left-hander. Full outside off, and he strides forward for the cover drive. Protection in the deep though;

Karthik s.venka: "Not a bad idea for one of these Sri Lankan batsmen to come out wearing a che pu mask. "
 Innings Start
7.57pm A solid batting performance from Australia, given they've batted twice under lights. Labuschagne, Head shined through and through, while Patterson showed critics that he belongs in Test Cricket. And what about Suranga Lakmal? The old man is showing us he's still got the goods... finishing with 5 for 75, and ensuring that Sri Lanka have a slender hope of drawing/winning the Test. How will Sri Lanka bat with about 20 minutes of cricket left? Let's find out together when we return with the third innings.
Tris: "Phew! Good that Australia had that decision made for them. Looks like they have forgotten how to handle being in a dominant position. "
Hitesh kohli: "Come on Lanka , show some grit. Score 350 and lakmal will win it for you."
106.2;W;Perera to Jhye Richardson, OUT length ball, wide outside off, but Richardson skips down the wicket to lift a shot over mid-on. Unfortunately, for him, it's taken a leading edge to the off side... and cover takes an easy catch. Australia lead by 179;Jhye Richardson c Karunaratne b Perera 1 (13m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
106.1;?;Perera to Jhye Richardson, no run length ball, just outside off stump. He walks down the ground to fend towards the off side;
105.6;4;Lakmal to Starc, FOUR runs clipped! Full on off, but Starc shuffles across the line before timing a sweet shot through the midwicket region;
105.5;6;Lakmal to Starc, SIX runs smashed over long on! Full on middle, and he clears his front let to hammer a straight drive over the boundary. Boom! Crowd goes ballistic as a spectator takes an excellent catch in the stands;
105.4;?;Lakmal to Starc, no run length ball on middle, and punched off the back foot to mid-on;
105.3;1;Lakmal to Jhye Richardson, 1 run full on middle, and the attemped drive towards mid-on takes a leading edge to the off side instead. But Richardson gets his first Test runs in the process;
105.2;?;Lakmal to Jhye Richardson, no run full outside off stump, and he tries to drive away from his body. Misses;
105.1;?;Lakmal to Jhye Richardson, no run length ball on middle, and going down leg. But Richardson tries to work it towards the leg side, and the ball hits his hip;
104.6;?;Perera to Starc, no run another full ball, shoveled back straight, but the ball hits the non-striker's bat. Starc says no to the single, probably because of the contact off Richardson's bat. Sporting;
104.5;?;Perera to Starc, no run full outside off, and another wild heave from Starc. Down on one knee, but misses completely;
104.4;?;Perera to Starc, no run tossed up, almost a yorker, and wedged back to the bowler;
104.3;4;Perera to Starc, FOUR runs full on leg stump again, and Starc slog sweeps over the fielder in the deep this time! Proper swing of the bat, no half-measures, and that's gone for another boundary;
104.2;4;Perera to Starc, FOUR runs juicy, tossed up ball, and Starc takes a wild leg-side slog. Smacked over square leg, and that's four more;
104.1;?;Perera to Starc, no run appeal for lbw, but not given. Length ball on middle that skids through, but Starc had inside-edged that onto his pad;
103.6;?;Lakmal to Jhye Richardson, no run full outside off, and he tentatively pushes away from his body. Ball rolls away to cover;
103.5;?;Lakmal to Jhye Richardson, no run length ball on middle, but going down leg as Richardson misses the flick first ball;
103.4;W;Lakmal to Patterson, OUT lbw appeal, and the finger has gone up! Late seam movement does Patterson in. Full on middle, but jagging into Patterson's pads, he tries to drive towards mid-on, but misses, and the umpire raises his finger. Patterson reviews, though, given he's the last recognised batsman... but he's still gone. Crashing into leg stump. A positive debut innings comes to an end;Kurtis Patterson lbw b Lakmal 30 (110m 82b 3x4 0x6) SR: 36.58;
103.3;1;Lakmal to Starc, 1 run length ball on middle, and the front-foot defense takes an inside edge! Goes through his legs to square leg;
103.2;1;Lakmal to Patterson, 1 run length ball on off, and he tries to muscle a shot towards the leg side. Spliced to the leg side;
103.1;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball, just outside off, and he shoulders his arms to let the ball go to the keeper;
102.6;?;Perera to Starc, no run tossed up outside off, and Starc leans forward to crunch a straight drive. Mistimed back to the bowler;
102.5;?;Perera to Starc, no run full just outside off, and forces Starc to come forward to defend. Ball sneaks just past his outside edge, and Dickwella whips the bails off. Out? Nah;
102.4;?;Perera to Starc, no run full on leg stump, and nudged away past the lurking short-leg fielder;
102.3;?;Perera to Starc, no run full outside off, but turning away on this occasion. Fended off the back foot with the bat's open face... to point;
102.2;?;Perera to Starc, no run full just outside off stump again, and blocked away towards cover;
102.1;?;Perera to Starc, no run full on off stump, and he takes a big stride forward to defend;
101.6;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run full on off, and he happily lets the ball go into Dickwella's gloves;
101.5;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball on middle, and he prods forward to defend off the front foot;
101.4;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run full just outside off stump, and driven through the off side to mid off;
101.3;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball, just outside off, and angling further away. Left alone;
101.2;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run full on off stump, and the ball angles further away. Patterson shoulders his arms, after covering his stumps;
101.1;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball, just outside off, and fended away off the back foot towards the leg side;
100.6;?;Perera to Starc, no run length ball on middle, angling into his body. Worked off his hips to the fielder at square leg;
100.5;?;Perera to Starc, no run full on leg stump. Starc says on the back foot, and smothers the turn with a punch towards mid-on;
100.4;?;Perera to Starc, no run length ball on off stump, and punched off the back foot to mid off;
100.3;?;Perera to Starc, no run quicker ball, full on middle and angled into his pads. Clipped to square leg off the back foot;
100.2;?;Perera to Starc, no run full on off, and defended back towards the non-striker off the front foot;
100.1;?;Perera to Starc, no run length ball, just outside off, and defended off the back foot;
99.6;4;Chameera to Patterson, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and he hammers a boundary through the covers once more! Shot, staying on the back foot and allowing his fast hands do all the damage;
99.5;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run length ball, wide outside off, and slapped off the back foot to cover point;
99.4;1;Chameera to Starc, 1 run back of a length on off, and the short ball is uncomfortably defended form near his face. Ball hits the side of his bat and rolls away to the leg side for a quick single;
99.3;1;Chameera to Patterson, 1 run length ball angling in from round the wicket, and tapped away - off his hips - to the leg side for a jogging single;
99.3;1nb;Chameera to Patterson, (no ball) full ball just outside off, and he punches down the ground to mid-off. Intercepted inside the circle;
99.2;4;Chameera to Patterson, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, and slapped through to the extra-cover boundary! Using the width brilliantly, and letting his bat do the talking;
99.1;4;Chameera to Patterson, FOUR runs length ball on off, and he rides the bounce to muscle a pull behind square! No protection there, and the ball runs away to the boundary;
98.6;2;Perera to Starc, 2 runs length ball on middle, and nudged off his pads to the vacant midwicket region. Fielder from square leg runs in to intercept, but enough time for Patterson to come back for the second;
98.5;1;Perera to Patterson, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and punched off the back foot to Karunaratne at deep extra cover;
98.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run full on middle stump, and driven right back to the bowler;
98.3;?;Perera to Patterson, no run length ball, just outside off, and steered off the back foot to point;
98.2;?;Perera to Patterson, no run length ball outside off, but angling in with the arm. Patterson walks down the wicket before padding it away to the off side;
98.1;2;Perera to Patterson, 2 runs length ball, wide outside off, and he makes room before playing a delicate cut-shot through the infield. Chase for the man from cover;
97.6;4;Chameera to Starc, FOUR runs crunched! Full outside off, and Starc shows no half-measures. Clears his front leg, and clatters a drive through the covers;
97.5;W;Chameera to Cummins, OUT what a beauty! Cummins out for a duck. Length ball on off stump, and the ball just about moves away after hitting the pitch. Cummins tries to block towards mid-on, but the ball takes his outside edge and finds Dickwella's gloves. Completely squared him up there;Pat Cummins c ?Dickwella b Chameera 0 (31m 21b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
97.4;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run length ball, just wide outside off, and Cummins goes for a back-foot drive through the covers. Too late into the shot, the ball beating him even before his bat-swing;
97.3;1;Chameera to Patterson, 1 run pushed off his hips to midwicket for a quick single;
97.2;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run length ball, on off stump, and punched off the back foot to cover;
97.1;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run length ball, wide outside off but angling in from round the wicket. Left alone;
96.6;1;Perera to Patterson, 1 run full on middle, and he whips a shot away to midwicket. Not well-timed, but played into the gap;
96.5;?;Perera to Patterson, no run full outside off stump once again. Big stride from the tall man, before blocking towards short cover;
96.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run full just outside off stump, and confidently blocked away to the off side;
96.3;1b;Perera to Cummins, 1 bye sharp turn! Length ball on middle, and spinning down leg. Cummins gets his hips out of the ball's way and Dickwella can't hold on to it either. Takes a run to get off strike, but still not off his bat;
96.2;1lb;Perera to Patterson, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, and he goes down on one knee to slog-sweep. Hits his back leg, and rolls away to short fine-leg instead;
96.1;?;Perera to Patterson, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he stands tall to slap a cut to point;
95.6;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run full just outside off, and he lets it go to the keeper once again. Safe batting under the lights from Australia's *cough cough* number 9;
95.5;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run full just outside off again, and the out-seamer is left alone by Cummins;
95.4;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run full just outside off, and moving away once more. Cummins gets to the pitch of the ball, but then lets it go;
95.3;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run length ball outside off, and seaming away thereafter. Cummins is happy to let it go for his 15th dot ball;
95.2;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run length ball, just wide outside off. Jagging further away after hitting the deck, and Cummins leaves it alone;
95.1;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run length ball just outside off, but nipping back. Hits him above the knee roll, so ball's definitely too high;
94.6;?;Perera to Patterson, no run sharp spinning off break, wide of off, he shapes to cut but it spins too wide;
94.5;?;Perera to Patterson, no run fuller on middle and leg, he defends solidly on the front foot;
94.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run tossed up, he drives firmly to cover;
94.3;?;Perera to Patterson, no run advances again and whips against the turn to midwicket;
94.2;?;Perera to Patterson, no run good length on middle, he defends from the crease;
94.1;?;Perera to Patterson, no run he skips down and tries to whip against sharp turn, lucky it hit the back pad and bounced away;
93.6;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run beaten by a lovely out-swinger. Good length shaping away and he defends down the wrong line and misses;
93.5;?;Chameera to Cummins, no run 129kph, good length out-swinger, he is happy to leave this alone;
93.4;1;Chameera to Patterson, 1 run good length on odd, he defends to the gap at cover and they take a single;
93.3;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 126kph, very full, pushed across the left-hander and he leaves;
93.2;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run good length, 124kph, on middle, he defends from the crease;
93.1;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 130kph, back of a length shaping into off, he defends off the back foot;
92.6;?;Perera to Cummins, no run very full, half-volley, he gently pushes this to cover;
92.5;?;Perera to Cummins, no run fuller and spinning in, he gets a thick inside edge just short of the man at bat pad on the on side;
92.4;?;Perera to Cummins, no run shorter off break, he defends off the back foot towards mid on;
92.3;?;Perera to Cummins, no run good length on off, not much turn, he defends from the crease;
92.2;1;Perera to Patterson, 1 run he skips down, doesn't get to the pitch, gets a thick inside edge just past short leg and gets a single;
92.1;?;Perera to Patterson, no run good length, it spins and he's squared up, it runs off the outside edge towards point;
91.6;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run 132kph, angled into off stump, no swing, he defends on the front foot;
91.5;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run good length out-swinger, tempter wide of off, he leaves this alone;
91.4;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run 132kph, full out-swinger wide of off, he leaves this easily;
91.3;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run flash and miss on the drive! They appeal for caught behind but it's not out. He hit his back pad;
91.2;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run beaten! Squared up by a beauty! This was angled in and shaping a way a touch back of a length. He was beaten all ends up;
91.1;?;Lakmal to Cummins, no run short and way wide of off! Too wide and he leaves this alone easily;
90.6;?;Perera to Patterson, no run slower on off, 82kph, he reaches away from the body and defends;
90.5;?;Perera to Patterson, no run he skips down and whips to midwicket;
90.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 84kph, fired into off, he is back staying leg side and defending into the off side;
90.3;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 84kph, drifting in and sliding on, he's back and jamming the bat down;
90.2;?;Perera to Patterson, no run pushed through of off, he defends from the crease;
90.1;?;Perera to Patterson, no run drifting into off, 84kph, he reaches forward and defends on the front foot;
89.6;W;Lakmal to Paine, OUT caught at second slip! Brilliant bowling! Incredible catching from Mendis! He's on a hat-trick! This was a cracker from Lakmal. Good length, angled in, swinging away late, Paine fended at it as it bounced away, squared up completely, it went low to Mendis and he dove forward again and snaffled it just above the turf getting his hands under it! Amazing catch.;Tim Paine c Mendis b Lakmal 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
89.5;W;Lakmal to Head, OUT Given LBW! Head reviews immediately. It was full and shaping back down the line of middle, he shuffled across the crease and tried to whip through the leg side. No bat involved. It hit him plumb infront of middle and was hitting the top of middle! Head thought height was an issue. Ball tracking said "umpire's call". Australia keep the review. But Head goes.;Travis Head lbw b Lakmal 84 (262m 187b 10x4 0x6) SR: 44.91;
89.4;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 130kph, shorter outside off, he pulls but straight to mid on;
89.3;2;Lakmal to Head, 2 runs 128kph, back of a length outside off, he pushes off the back foot slowly to deep point and the man in the deep is slow to come in, Head calls Patterson back for an easy two;
89.2;1lb;Lakmal to Patterson, 1 leg bye 129kph, shorter on the thigh guard, he can't tuck this off the thigh, it runs away for a leg bye;
89.1;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run 131kph, good length on off, he defends on the front foot back down the track;
88.6;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs shorter and wider, he cuts firmly through point and picks up three more;
88.5;?;Perera to Head, no run slower and higher on off, he reaches out and defends on the front foot;
88.4;?;Perera to Head, no run looped up outside off, he skips out and drives to cover;
88.3;?;Perera to Head, no run 85kph, tossed up wide of off, he leaves this alone;
88.2;?;Perera to Head, no run advances to the pitch and drives firmly to mid on;
88.1;1;Perera to Patterson, 1 run skips down the track and works this wide of mid on for one;
87.6;4;Lakmal to Head, FOUR runs glorious back foot drive through cover-point! There was width offered and he whipped the hands through it, and picked the gap at cover-point and it raced away;
87.5;?;Lakmal to Head, no run another one swinging way down leg, Dickwella has to dive to knock it down;
87.4;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 130kph, fuller swinging into off, he clips this with the swing to mid on;
87.3;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 132kph, good length, swinging into the thigh pad, he misses out on a scoring chance;
87.2;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 131kph good length shaping into off, he defends on the front foot to point;
87.1;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 130kph, shorter and wider, he cuts firmly straight to point;
86.6;?;Perera to Patterson, no run drifting into leg, he's back and working this behind square but straight to the fielder;
86.5;?;Perera to Patterson, no run tossed up high outside off, he drives elegantly but can't beat cover;
86.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 83kph, drifting into leg, he defends on the front foot past short leg;
86.3;1;Perera to Head, 1 run drifting into leg, he is back and working this to the gap at square leg;
86.2;?;Perera to Head, no run floated up outside off, 82kph, he reaches out and defends without conviction;
86.1;?;Perera to Head, no run pushed through on off, 82kph, he's back and working to midwicket;
85.6;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run 131kph, good length on off, he is squared up defending to cover;
85.5;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run good length, fourth stump line, he leaves this on line and length;
85.4;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run 126kph, good length on off, he defends half forward from the crease;
85.3;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run back of a length outside off, he's back and defending into the off side;
85.2;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run back of a length, nipping back in and catches him on the back thigh;
85.1;3;Lakmal to Head, 3 runs shorter outside off, he punches this off the back foot powerfully through cover-point for yet another three;
84.6;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 127kph, good length but swinging down the leg side, he misses out on the leg glance here;
84.5;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run good length, 129kph, wide of off and he wisely leaves this alone;
84.4;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run flash and miss at a 127kph, back of a length ball that angles away from the left hander. He tried to back foot drive it square;
84.3;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 131kph, good length swinging into off, he defends half-forward on the front foot;
84.2;1;Chameera to Head, 1 run 125kph, back of a length outside off, he punches off the back foot to the gap at cover for a single;
84.1;1;Chameera to Patterson, 1 run 128kph, swinging into leg stumps, he tucks this off the pads wide of mid on;
83.6;?;Lakmal to Head, no run good length wide of off, shaping back but not far enough to tempt Head to play;
83.5;?;Lakmal to Head, no run back of a length on off, he defends from the crease back to the bowler;
83.4;?;Lakmal to Head, no run shorter length, 128kph, swinging well down the leg side;
83.3;3;Lakmal to Patterson, 3 runs 126kph, back of a length outside off, he punches beautifully off the back foot through cover, Head runs well to call Patterson back for three;
83.2;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run shorter on the hip, he clips this easily to square leg;
83.1;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run back of a length on off, shaping back in, he is defending off the back foot back to the bowler;
82.6;?;Chameera to Head, no run good length, 128kph, hint of shape in, but it's wide of off and he leaves watching it go past;
82.5;?;Chameera to Head, no run back of a length, shaping into off, 128kph, he stands tall on the back foot and defends;
82.4;?;Chameera to Head, no run shorter length on leg, he defends to midwicket;
82.3;3;Chameera to Patterson, 3 runs he clips this in air off the hip but forward of square leg, well timed and they get three as it runs towards the rope. It was a gift on the hip but he did square leg a look at it by hitting it in the air;
82.2;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 129kph, fuller and shaping back into the left-hander, he defends firmly with the full face back to the bowler;
82.1;?;Chameera to Patterson, no run 131kph, good length, angled across wide of off, he leaves alone;
81.6;1;Perera to Patterson, 1 run he skips down and drives against the turn to mid on and goes with the stroke to get off the mark in Test cricket;
81.5;?;Perera to Patterson, no run fuller on off, he's forward defending with uncertainty, inside edge onto pad and it drops down;
81.4;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 84kph, drifting in, wide of off, he leaves and it skids straight on but it was wide of off;
81.3;?;Perera to Patterson, no run beaten by a slower off break that lured him forward and rips past the outside edge!;
81.2;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 82kph, slower, shorter a bit of spin, he's back and defending;
81.1;?;Perera to Patterson, no run 84kph, pushed through skidding on, he's back and defending;
80.6;?;Lakmal to Head, no run full on middle, and driven with the inswing to the leg side. Time for dinner!;
80.5;?;Lakmal to Head, no run length ball outside off, and coming in sharply. Head pulls his bat back, and allows the delivery to go over the stumps and into Dickwella's gloves;
80.4;?;Lakmal to Head, no run full and wide outside off, but a big boomerang swing right into Head. He shoulders his arms, and he's lucky that the ball didn't clip off stump;
80.3;1lb;Lakmal to Patterson, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, and he gently nudges this fine down the leg side. The crowd roars as they think Pattinson's scored his first Test runs... but alas, it's leg byes!;
80.2;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball on middle, and Patterson rides the bounce before firmly defending off the back foot;
80.1;?;Lakmal to Patterson, no run length ball outside off, and left alone by the left-handed Patterson;
79.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full just outside off stump, and defended off the front foot. Maiden;
79.5;?;Perera to Head, no run full on off, and he skips down the ground to drive. Hit straight back to Perera;
79.4;?;Perera to Head, no run;
79.3;?;Perera to Head, no run full on off, and the ball skids through. Defended off the back foot this time;
79.2;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up, full outside off stump. Defended with soft hands;
79.1;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball on the fourth-stump line, but angling into Head. Punched off the back foot to cover;
78.6;?;Dhananjaya to Patterson, no run full outside off, and false shot from Patterson. Tries to drive through cover, but it comes off the bat's inside half. Ball rolls away to the leg side;
78.5;?;Dhananjaya to Patterson, no run full on middle, and he shovels a drive back to Dananjaya;
78.4;?;Dhananjaya to Patterson, no run full and wide outside off, hoping the batsman would take the bait. Patterson chooses to shoulder his arms instead;
78.3;?;Dhananjaya to Patterson, no run full on middle, and angling into his pads. Patterson walks inside the ball's line, and defends towards the leg side;
78.2;?;Dhananjaya to Patterson, no run full just outside off, and the tall man takes a big stride forward to defend;
78.1;W;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, OUT caught at short mid on! Full on off, and Marnus skips down the wicket to lift a drive over the lurking fielder. But it's come off the bat's bottom-half, and the fielder under the helmet - Thirimanne - jumps to his right to take a solid catch. Labuschagne falls after scoring Australia's highest Test score this summer;Marnus Labuschagne c Thirimanne b de Silva 81 (227m 150b 3x4 0x6) SR: 54;
77.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full on middle, and he skips down the ground for a leg-side whip. Hit well, but finds the fielder at midwicket;
77.5;?;Perera to Head, no run;
77.4;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball just outside off, and cut to cover;
77.3;?;Perera to Head, no run Dickwella appeals for caught behind but umpire says 'no'! Sri Lanka don't have any reviews either. Was a length ball outside off that Head tried to steer late down third man. He missed, and Dickwella ensured he appealed with all his heart. No mark on the hotspot either, replays suggest;
77.2;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball on off, and turning into his body. Defended;
77.1;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full on leg stump, and swept to fine leg for a walking single;
76.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run length ball on middle, and skidding through. Clipped to midwicket;
76.5;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run full on middle, and he drives with the bat's open face to cover;
76.4;4;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 4 runs length ball on leg, and going across the right hander. Marnus backs away, rocks deep into his crease, and crunches a cut in front of square through cover. They run four!;
76.3;?;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on middle, and the bounce gets big on Labuschagne. But carefully negated to the leg side... choosing to flick with soft hands to keep the ball along the ground;
76.2;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run length ball just outside off. Turning into the left-hander, but he manages to muscle a punch down to long off;
76.1;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run low full toss on off stump, and he carefully drives this straight past the bowler's right to wide long on;
75.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full on off, and he walks down the wicket to defend back to silly mid-off;
75.5;?;Perera to Head, no run width offered outside off, and he makes room to cut. Finds point though;
75.4;?;Perera to Head, no run full just outside off, and driven away from his body, with the bat's open face to cover point;
75.3;?;Perera to Head, no run full just outside off, and the attempted defensive shot takes an inside edge towards leg slip! Could've easily played on there;
75.2;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs full on middle, and he walks down the ground, before nudging it past midwicket for a couple more;
75.1;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he allows the ball to go through to the keeper;
74.6;2;Dimuth to Labuschagne, 2 runs length ball, wide enough for Marnus to cut square. Slapped to deep extra cover for two more;
74.5;1;Dimuth to Head, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and cut off the back foot to deep point;
74.4;1;Dimuth to Labuschagne, 1 run width offered, and cut to deep point;
74.3;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run big appeal for lbw again! But umpire Erasmus says no. Full on off, and angling into his pads, but Labuschagne had inside-edged the attemptee drive onto his pads;
74.2;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run full on off, and he meets the ball on the front foot for a drive. Played to mid on;
74.1;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off, and seaming away after hitting the deck. Marnus looks to defend, but he's surprised by the ball's movement. Goes through to the keeper;
73.6;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball, wide outside off, and cut off the back foot to point once more;
73.5;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball, just wide outside off stump, and he steers a back-foot punch to the vacant point region;
73.4;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run big appeal for lbw but not given! Perera goes full on off, but is it turning in too much? Sri Lanka review anyway. The ball lands on off, and hist his front pad on middle and leg. Two questions remain: 1) whether it's too high, or 2) whether it's missing leg stump... and yes, it's both high and wide. Sri Lanka lose their last review;
73.3;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run length ball, wide outside off, but turning inwards. Nudged away to the leg side;
73.2;1;Perera to Head, 1 run full on off, and he drills it to Sadeera - the 12th man - to mid off. Misfield, however, allows them to take the single;
73.1;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball on middle, and worked off the back foot to the vacant square-leg region. Single brings up their 150-run stand;
72.6;?;Dimuth to Head, no run length ball on off, but too close to his body for the cut. Mistimed towards the off side;
72.5;4;Dimuth to Head, FOUR runs beats point! Length ball on off, and with the ball moving away... it allows Head to free his arms. Slapped behind square for four more;
72.4;?;Dimuth to Head, no run length ball on middle, and angling away from Head. Punched off the back foot to mid-off;
72.3;4;Dimuth to Head, FOUR runs length ball on leg stump, and clipped fine off his pads! Chameera looks to cut it off at fine leg, but he fluffs it in the end. Ball rolls into the rope despite the fielder getting a hand to it;
72.2;?;Dimuth to Head, no run full just outside off stump, and he meets the ball on the front foot to drive. Played to mid-on;
72.1;?;Dimuth to Head, no run length ball on middle, and not allowing Head to free his arms. Punched back to Karunaratne;
71.6;1lb;Perera to Head, 1 leg bye full and wide outside off, and Head comes down the wicket to drive. But he sees the quicker ball, and tries to pad it away, but all he can do is bat-pad it towards the off side. He's lucky that the ball didn't go straight into silly mid-off's hands;
71.5;?;Perera to Head, no run full outside off again, and once more driven through the off side. Chandimal stops it once again;
71.4;?;Perera to Head, no run full outside off, and he skips down the ground to crunch another cover drive. Chandimal dives to his left to stop;
71.3;?;Perera to Head, no run full on middle, and clipped off his toes to the leg side. Midwicket cleans up;
71.2;?;Perera to Head, no run full on middle, and he comes down the ground to drill a drive. Straight to mid-on though;
71.1;?;Perera to Head, no run short outside off, and turning further away. Head looks to put it away, but the cut is intercepted at cover;
70.6;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run length ball, wide outside off stump again. Rides the bounce to punch through to cover;
70.5;2;Dimuth to Labuschagne, 2 runs length ball, just wide outside off, and he steers a cut-shot past the fielder at point. Enough time to jog back for the second;
70.4;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run almost a medium-pacer's delivery there. Full just outside off, and defended towards the leg side;
70.3;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run length ball just outside off, and he stays on the back foot to defend;
70.2;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he splices a cut to point;
70.1;?;Dimuth to Labuschagne, no run quicker ball first up after the drinks break. Length ball outside off, and skidding right into Dickwella's gloves;
69.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full on off, and he drives inside the ball's line. Wedged back to the bowler though. Another drinks break;
69.5;?;Perera to Head, no run full, tossed up outside off, and Head reaches the ball with a big stride to defend;
69.4;?;Perera to Head, no run full outside off, and he skips down the ground to punch a drive. Finds cover;
69.3;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball, from round the wicket, and turning away from Head. Makes room to cut, but slaps it straight to point;
69.2;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full just outside off, and worked with the spin - off his pads - to midwicket. Nice call early for a single;
69.1;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run length ball just outside off, and turning into Labuschagne. Punched off the back foot to mid on;
68.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run length ball on middle, but coming into Head. No room to work with, and he mistimes a straight-batted punch to the bowler;
68.5;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full on middle, but he's skipped down the ground to meet it. Bat-padded before scampering back into the crease;
68.4;4;Dhananjaya to Head, FOUR runs length ball on middle, and extra bounce gets big on Head. But he backs away to make some room, and then absolutely flat-bats a pull through deep midwicket;
68.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside off, and he reaches forward to defend;
68.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full on off, and he walks down the ground, before defending back to Dananjaya;
68.1;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run full on leg stump, and tapped with soft hands to the leg side for a quick single;
67.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full just outside off stump, and he takes a big stride forward to defend;
67.5;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full outside off, and turning inwards. Driven through mid-on for a single;
67.4;1;Perera to Head, 1 run full outside off, and he wedges another cover drive. But the ball goes through the fielder's legs and that allows Head to rotate the strike. Bad bounce just before the ball reached Chandimal there;
67.3;?;Perera to Head, no run full on middle, and he wedges a front-foot drive back to the bowler. Too low on the bat, no power off that shot;
67.2;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full on off, and he drives with the offbreak. Beats the bowler, past his right, and goes down to mid-on for one;
67.1;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full, outside off, and no real turn. Comfortably blocked off the front foot;
66.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run length ball outside off, and turning further away. Head backs away to cut, but finds the fielder at cover point;
66.5;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run tossed up outside leg stump, and easily paddled fine to Chameera manning the backward-square boundary;
66.4;?;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, no run length ball outside leg stump, and angling into his hips. Nudged gently off the front foot to the leg side;
66.3;3;Dhananjaya to Head, 3 runs full outside off stump, and he throws his hands at this. Smashes a shot straight past the bowler's left, and mid-on must give the ball a mighty chase;
66.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside off, but he walks down the ground to pad this away to cover;
66.1;3;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 3 runs tossed up on leg stump, and that's an inside-out cover drive that pierces the off-side field. Slides through cover and mid-off, and collects a couple more for his team;
65.6;?;Perera to Head, no run full, wide outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to fend it away to cover;
65.5;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full just outside off, and confidently driven straight past the bowler's right to long on. They walk across for one;
65.4;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full on off, and the skidder is check-punched down the ground to mid-on;
65.3;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off stump, and the attempted nudge towards the leg side is bat-padded towards short leg instead;
65.2;2;Perera to Labuschagne, 2 runs full outside off, and he exposes all three stumps by shuffling across the wicket, before paddling a sweep fine down the leg side;
65.1;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run length ball on middle, but going down leg. Labuschagne tries to paddle this fine, and misses. But so does Dickwella;
64.6;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run full on middle, and worked off his pads to the vacant region near deep midwicket;
64.5;?;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, no run overpitched on middle, and he shovels a mistimed drive to mid-off;
64.4;1;Dhananjaya to Head, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and sliced off the back foot to cover. Misfield from the fielder, and that's fifty for Travis Head!;
64.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside off, and he reaches forward to block towards the off side;
64.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside of, and he skips down the ground to drive straight. Excellent effort from the bowler - diving to his right - to stop a certain single (or more);
64.1;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run length ball outside off, but snaking inwards. Head backs away, and mistimes a muscled shot to cover;
63.6;1;Chameera to Head, 1 run length ball on off, and clipped off his pads to the vacant midwicket region. Head on 49;
63.5;1;Chameera to Labuschagne, 1 run back of a length, slower ball on off stump. He allows the ball to get to him, before nudging it to the leg side with soft hands for a quick single;
63.4;1;Chameera to Head, 1 run length ball on middle, and he bunts a back-foot punch to cover for a quick single. Moves on to 48;
63.3;?;Chameera to Head, no run length ball on middle, and he allows the ball to get to him, before defending from under his nose. Ball rolls back to Chameera;
63.2;?;Chameera to Head, no run length ball on middle, and worked off his pads - off the back foot - to midwicket. Finds the fielder;
63.1;1lb;Chameera to Labuschagne, 1 leg bye length ball on middle, and going down leg. Manages to get a feather-touch off his body as the ball dribbles down to fine leg;
62.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run third maiden in a row! Length ball on off, and he punches uncomfortably to mid-on;
62.5;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside off, and driven down the ground to mid-on this time;
62.4;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run length ball, teasing outside off, and Head allows it to go into the keeper's gloves;
62.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full on off, but he skips down the wicket to convert it into a full toss. Splices a shot to mid off again;
62.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full outside off, and turning away. He looks to drive, but mistimes to mid off;
62.1;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run full just outside off stump, and defended;
61.6;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run back of a length on middle and off, he turns this to square leg;
61.5;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run 136kph, good length, hint of seam away, he gets a thick outside edge poking forward that flies to point;
61.4;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run 135kph, bouncer, outside off, he sways under it very easily;
61.3;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run 132kph, back of a length on off, he defends from the back foot;
61.2;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, wide of off, it rears from a length and beats the outside edge as he is squared up!;
61.1;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run good length wide of off, he pushes off the back foot to point;
60.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run he skips down to a fuller ball and gets an inside edge onto pad;
60.5;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run 85kph, good length on off, he's back and punching back to the bowler;
60.4;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run tossed up wider and slower, he leaves this alone;
60.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run quicker and some turn, Head jabs at it and gets a thick edge that runs to backward point;
60.2;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run shorter length on off, he stands up and defends on the back foot;
60.1;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run tossed up, on off, he reaches out and defends to short leg;
59.6;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run 137kph, bouncer, he sways under it easily;
59.5;1;Chameera to Head, 1 run back of a length, 136kph, outside off, he punches off the back foot wide of mid off;
59.4;1;Chameera to Labuschagne, 1 run 137kph, short ball outside off, he mistimes it in the air but it lands well short of the man in the deep. Wasn't in total control there;
59.3;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run wide of the crease, angled into middle and off, he clips this to midwicket;
59.2;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run 136kph, good length on the top of off, he defends on the front foot to mid on;
59.1;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, 136kph on off, he defends standing tall on the crease line;
58.6;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up on off, he skips down and pushes back to the bowler;
58.5;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run he sweeps this from off middle, plays it well to the man at deep backward square;
58.4;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run tossed up outside off, he pushes firmly back to the bowler;
58.3;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run off break darted into leg, he tries to sweep, is hit on the pad but it's sliding down;
58.2;4;Perera to Labuschagne, FOUR runs shorter on off, he backs away and cuts firmly through cover-point and times this well enough to reach the rope! A maiden Test 50 for Labuschagne. Warm applause from his home crowd;
58.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run fuller on middle, he turns this against the spin on the front foot to the gap at midwicket;
57.6;?;Chameera to Labuschagne, no run good length outside off, he tries to drive on the up but mistimes to mid off;
57.5;3;Chameera to Head, 3 runs fuller outside off, he flicks the hands through a square drive on the front foot and picks th gap forward of point! It goes all the way to the rope, Kumara never gives up and the chase but he might be touching the rope with his leg as he pulled it back. No. He's done well. Another three;
57.4;?;Chameera to Head, no run fuller outside off, he drives firmly back to the bowler;
57.3;4;Chameera to Head, FOUR runs short and wide and he places a cut shot behind point! Well controlled and placed it perfectly! 100 partnership up for these two;
57.2;?;Chameera to Head, no run 131kph, good length fifth stump line, he defends off the back foot to mid off;
57.1;?;Chameera to Head, no run angled in towards off, he gets a little inside edge onto the inside thigh;
56.6;2;Perera to Labuschagne, 2 runs full outside leg stump again, he sweeps finer this time and they get two as the man comes around;
56.5;1;Perera to Head, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching to mid off who is quite deep and they get a quick single without much risk;
56.4;?;Perera to Head, no run fuller, drifting in, he reaches out and defends on the front foot;
56.3;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up, 84kph, he skips out and defends back to the bowler;
56.2;?;Perera to Head, no run shorter outside off, he's back and punching firmly to cover;
56.1;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full pitching outside leg, he sweeps easily to deep backward square;
55.6;?;Lakmal to Head, no run good length, fourth stump line, he shuffles back and across and defends, dead batting it into the off side;
55.5;?;Lakmal to Head, no run back of a length on off, he's back and defending towards midwicket;
55.4;4;Lakmal to Head, FOUR runs cracking drive punched straight of mid off! The man was quite wide. It was over-pitched and he just punched this through the line and timed it beautifully to beat the diving Chameera;
55.3;?;Lakmal to Head, no run good length, angled into off, he defends on the front foot;
55.2;1;Lakmal to Labuschagne, 1 run good length angled into leg stump, he clips this easily on the front foot to the gap at midwicket for a single;
55.1;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run good length wide of off, he's not interesting in playing and lets it go;
54.6;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up, he skips out and defends with bat and pad together. There's an ambitious appeal for LBW that doesn't warrant any acknowledgement from the umpire;
54.5;?;Perera to Head, no run shorter outside off, he cuts hard to backward point and Chameera makes an outstanding diving save to prevent runs;
54.4;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter on the hip, he pulls easily past leg slip to the man at deep backward square;
54.3;3;Perera to Head, 3 runs advances to the pitch and drives nicely straight of mid on, well timed, long chase for Lakmal and he just hauls it in;
54.2;?;Perera to Head, no run 84kph, good length and a bit of turn on off, he's back and defending to short leg;
54.1;3;Perera to Labuschagne, 3 runs shorter outside off, he's back decisively and giving room to punch very well through the gap at cover for another three;
53.6;?;Lakmal to Head, no run 129kph, fuller and hinting to shape in, he pushes off the thick inside half of the bat to square leg;
53.5;?;Lakmal to Head, no run back of a length, angled into off, he defends from the crease;
53.4;1;Lakmal to Labuschagne, 1 run 133kph, fuller on middle and leg, no swing, he pushes neatly wide of mid on and goes with the stroke for a single;
53.3;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run 132kph, fuller out-swinger again, nice shape but too wide and he leaves once more;
53.2;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run 132kph, fuller out-swinger, he is leaving on the front foot this time;
53.1;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run good length, wide of off, he is happy to leave;
52.6;?;Perera to Head, no run fuller on off, he pushes firmly back to the bowler;
52.5;?;Perera to Head, no run shorter length, wide of off, he cuts firmly straight to cover-point;
52.4;?;Perera to Head, no run drifting into off, he goes back to a fuller length to defend;
52.3;?;Perera to Head, no run fuller and pushed through outside off, he is striding out to defend;
52.2;?;Perera to Head, no run 84kph, good length, on off, he stretches out to defend;
52.1;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up, 85kph, on off, he defends on the front foot;
51.6;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run good length wide of off, he shoulders arms;
51.5;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run back of a length wide of off, he leaves this alone again;
51.4;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run good length wide of off he leaves;
51.3;1;Lakmal to Head, 1 run dropped by Dickwella! Superb delivery not rewarded! Good length, angling in and seaming away a touch, he is squared up defending, gets a healthy edge, Dickwella dives late and full stretch to his left and drops it with the one hand!;
51.2;3;Lakmal to Labuschagne, 3 runs 129kph, full and swinging away, he leans out and plays a quality cover drive placing this past cover, it doesn't go all the way as the outfield is a touch slow;
51.1;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run 127kph, good length and a lot of swing, it shapes well wide of off and is left alone;
50.6;?;Perera to Head, no run tossed up and turning away, he leaves this alone outside off;
50.5;?;Perera to Head, no run quicker and flatter on off, 83kph, he defends from the crease with firm hands;
50.4;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter on leg, he turns this past leg slip and short fine is deeper now so they pinch a single;
50.3;2;Perera to Labuschagne, 2 runs shorter length, he's back and punching neatly through cover, good stroke to pick up two more;
50.2;4;Perera to Labuschagne, FOUR runs he sweeps firmly past short fine and away to the rope! This was full on leg, he hammers this firmly behind square and past the man defending one and he gets a boundary;
50.1;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run shorter wide of off, he's back and cutting straight to backward point;
49.6;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run 93kph, fired fast wide of off, he leaves this alone;
49.5;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run pushed through, 84kph, on off, he's back and defending;
49.4;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run shorter length, he is back and punching back to the bowler;
49.3;?;Dhananjaya to Head, no run beaten! 83kph, outside off, a hint of turn away, he prods at it and misses on the front foot;
49.2;1;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, 1 run shorter on leg, he's back and tucking this past short leg for a single;
49.1;?;Dhananjaya to Labuschagne, no run off break, on leg, he is taken on the pad and it rolls away;
48.6;?;Perera to Head, no run looped up on off, 81kph, he skips down to the pitch and defends;
48.5;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs drifting down leg, he paddle sweeps fine of short fine leg with control, they get a couple;
48.4;?;Perera to Head, no run fuller on off, he pushes slowly back to the bowler;
48.3;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run tossed up, he skips out and drives nicely straight of mid off, Lakmal makes a diving stop but they run one as it bounces off his hand towards mid on;
48.2;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full on middle, he drives firmly back to the bowler;
48.1;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run off break outside off, 84kph, he presses forward and defends back to the bowler;
47.6;?;Lakmal to Head, no run length ball outside off, but too close to his body for the cut. Spliced to point;
47.5;1;Lakmal to Labuschagne, 1 run full just outside off, and he taps to cover with soft hands for a quick single.;
47.4;3;Lakmal to Head, 3 runs full on middle, and the clip off his pads past midwicket gives Australia the lead!;
47.3;3;Lakmal to Labuschagne, 3 runs full on off, and he drives through the leg side. Kumara - at midwicket - gives the ball a chase, and manages to pull it back;
47.2;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run full outside off, and jagging away from Marnus this time. He gets to the pitch of the ball, before opting to let it go;
47.1;?;Lakmal to Labuschagne, no run length ball just outside off stump, and Marnus covers his off stump before shouldering his arms. Some late movement into the batsman as it whizzes over the top of off stump;
47.1;1nb;Lakmal to Labuschagne, (no ball) full on middle, and he covers his off stump, before defending to mid on. But Lakmal's overstepped again. The fourth of the Test for Sri Lanka;
46.6;?;Perera to Head, no run;
46.5;?;Perera to Head, no run full just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend;
46.4;?;Perera to Head, no run full outside off, and he skips down the wicket to drive. Mistimed to cover;
46.3;?;Perera to Head, no run length ball just outside off, and he presses forward to block to the bowler;
46.2;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full on middle, and he shovels a straight drive down to long on for one;
46.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run full just outside off, and tapped away from his body to cover for a single;
45.6;1;Lahiru Kumara to Head, 1 run length ball outside off, and moving slightly away too. Head sticks his bat out and manages to steer a fine shot to third man, past gully;
45.5;?;Lahiru Kumara to Head, no run length ball on middle, and he tiptoes to defend off the back foot. Soft hands ensure the ball falls near his toes;
45.4;1;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball, just outside off stump, and he defends off the back foot. Ball takes the outside edge and rolls down to third man for one;
45.3;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run length ball, wide outside off stump, and cut square to the fielder at point. Stopped by Roshen;
45.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off stump, and he presses forward to block with the bat's straight face;
45.1;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run back of a length just outside off, forcing Marnus to duck swiftly under the line of the ball;
44.6;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run full on leg stump, and he taps it to midwicket's right for a quick single. Double-digit over!;
44.5;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off stump, and worked off his toes to midwicket;
44.4;4;Perera to Labuschagne, FOUR runs full on middle, and that's been swept hard behind squrare! No stopping that. First 50 partnership of the Test;
44.3;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run length ball on off, and turning inwards. Looks to punch, but inside-edged right onto his body;
44.2;2;Perera to Labuschagne, 2 runs full on off, and he shuffles across the stumps, before paddling an effective sweep to fine leg;
44.1;3;Perera to Head, 3 runs half-tracker outside off stump, and Head prods forward before rocking back. Slaps it through the covers thereafter, and the fielder in the deep must run around the boundary;
43.6;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run full just outside off stump, and he drives through the ball's line, past Kumara's left. But stopped by mid off;
43.5;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run full, just outside off stump, and pushed away to cover with soft hands. They choose not to run;
43.4;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run length ball, wide outside off stump, and left alone by Marnus;
43.3;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run full on off, and he opts to use his bat this time. Defended back to Kumara;
43.2;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run big appeal for lbw, but not given! Length ball on off stump that stays low and Labuschagne shoulders his arms expecting the ball to go past his pads, but the ball comes in and hits his front pad. Always dangerous with no shot offered, but it's the extra bounce that saves him;
43.1;?;Lahiru Kumara to Labuschagne, no run length ball, just wide outside off, and flying over off stump as Labuschagne shoulders his arms;
42.6;3;Perera to Labuschagne, 3 runs length ball on middle, and he backs away to make some room, before punching past the bowler's left. Mid-off gives it a chase;
42.5;1;Perera to Head, 1 run full on off, and he gets inside the ball's line, before driving through the on-side to midwicket;
42.4;1;Perera to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball on leg stump, and whipped off the back foot to deep midwicket. Man there;
42.3;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run full on leg stump, and Labuschagne takes a big stride forward to fend towards the leg side;
42.2;?;Perera to Labuschagne, no run length ball on leg stump, and nudged away to square leg;
42.1;1lb;Perera to Head, 1 leg bye full on middle, but drifting down leg. Head manages to get a feather-touch to this, and the ball rolls away to short fine leg;

Liz: "Aus be hoping for more than 70 lead - they have great depth with batting"
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
1st Test (D/N), Brisbane, Jan 24 - 26 2019, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
144 &
323
Player of the match is Pat Cummins, AUS
Australia won by an innings and 40 runs
