Data
So, an excellent recovery from England's bowlers, with the spinners and slower balls to the fore. A pair of excellent analyses for Yardy and Swann, 2 for 19 each, and a fine fifty from Finch. Back in a bit, when Sahil Dutta will take over the comms. Don't stray too far! Until then gloating England fans should check out the new 2010-11 Ashes DVD, available on the cheap from our very own Cricshop.
19.6;2;Bresnan to Finch, 2 runs smacked out to deep long on. Well played Finch, he's kept Australia afloat. England will need 148 to win. Exactly what they chased at Bridgetown in May, as it happens.;
19.5;2;Bresnan to Finch, 2 runs slower ball again, and that is a precious maiden fifty for the 24-year-old Victorian, Aaron Finch. Bill Lawry would be doing handstands, no doubt;
19.4;2;Bresnan to Finch, 2 runs another bosh across the line, picks the gap well, as two men converge to save the boundary;
19.3;2;Bresnan to Finch, 2 runs waist-high full toss, clubbed out to midwicket, and they dash back for two. Bell's shy comes in on the bounce, which loses valuable seconds;
19.2;1;Bresnan to Johnson, 1 run in the blockhole, flicked uppishly to deep square leg;
19.1;W;Bresnan to O'Keefe, OUT what on earth happened there? Ah, O'Keefe was bowled, that's what. An attempted Dilscoop, but he just ends up looking like a Dil, as his leg bail is removed by a length ball;Steve O'Keefe b Bresnan 1 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
18.6;6;Shahzad to Finch, SIX runs another legbreak, too short, and that is belted across the line. Bresnan, the man in the deep, flails hopefully, but can't intercept! Valuable blow;
18.5;1;Shahzad to O'Keefe, 1 run another slower ball, Collingwood tried to swoop at short cover, but the run was always on;
18.4;W;Shahzad to Smith, OUT another slower ball, a cutter this time, another smash, and short cover crouches to intercept.;Steven Smith c Collingwood b Shahzad 13 (22m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
18.3;?;Shahzad to Smith, no run slow, slow, slow, bouncer, tennis-ball smash, straight back to the bowler. That was a genuine leg-break!;
18.2;3;Shahzad to Finch, 3 runs bouncer, Finch charges down the track, top-edges a pull, which plugs at deep square leg! it's all happening, but these runs are vital;
18.1;4;Shahzad to Finch, FOUR runs cracking strike. Anticipating pace, and turned his stance inside-out to lift the ball Dilshan-style over fine leg!;
17.6;1lb;Bresnan to Finch, 1 leg bye and another slower ball, another mow across the line, and a scrambled single as the shy comes in;
17.5;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run another slower ball, guided straight to point;
17.4;1lb;Bresnan to Finch, 1 leg bye slower-ball bouncer, and Finch top-edges that straight into his face! Lucky he's got a lid on ... good ball;
17.3;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run a leg-side waft, and Bell at short midwicket pounces to save the boundary. Sharp fielding as ever;
17.2;1;Bresnan to Finch, 1 run attempted yorker, tailing in from outside off, good delivery and even better fielding as Shahzad saves a certain four with a full-length dive at short third man;
17.1;1;Bresnan to Smith, 1 run slower ball, there might be a few of those. Full and straight and worked to mid-on;
16.6;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run dot ball to finish. Not a bad recovery from KP in that over;
16.5;4;Pietersen to Finch, FOUR runs cracked hard, up and over the covers. Excellent shot;
16.4;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run a mow, but no contact;
16.3;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run very wide, left alone, but it's just inside the tramlines;
16.2;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run cracking delivery! A lifter on off stump, and beats the bat;
16.1;6;Pietersen to Finch, SIX runs belted! in the slot, and clean over mid-off!;
15.6;?;Yardy to Smith, no run heroic mow to a wide delivery, but that one eludes the bat. Yardy finishes with the second 4-0-19-2 analysis of the evening. Top drawer;
15.5;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run very full length, dug out of the blockhole, fielded at mid-on;
15.4;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run open-faced drive, out to extra cover;
15.3;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run leg stump line again, backward square tidies up;
15.2;2;Yardy to Finch, 2 runs on the toes, flicked very fine and they come back for the second;
15.1;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run clipped to midwicket;
14.6;1;Pietersen to Smith, 1 run good finish to the over, on a good length and turning slowly. Defended to point;
14.5;1;Pietersen to Finch, 1 run slow and wide, jabbed to third man;
14.4;4;Pietersen to Finch, FOUR runs off-line from Pietersen and that is firmly swept behind square;
14.3;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run proper spin from Pietersen as Finch advances;
14.2;?;Pietersen to Finch, no run driven down to the covers;
14.1;1;Pietersen to Smith, 1 run short, ballooning first delivery, but the ball takes an age to reach Smith's swipe. Which, of course, is the entire point;
13.6;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run Smith keeps the strike as Australia prepare for their final onslaught.;
13.5;2;Yardy to Smith, 2 runs excellent running makes two from nothing as a push to mid-on finds the smallest of gaps, beyond Yardy's reach, and short of the in-rushing KP;
13.4;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run outside off, pushed out to deep cover;
13.3;1;Yardy to Smith, 1 run worked off the pads to square leg. No second run there;
13.2;2;Yardy to Smith, 2 runs worked into space at deep midwicket, good running brings two as the shy comes in;
13.1;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run wide and walloped, out to deep point;
12.6;?;Swann to Smith, no run another sharp offspinner to complete a fine spell from Swann. Smith tries to sweep but gets in a tangle;
12.5;?;Swann to Smith, no run two strides down the wicket, and defended back to the bowler;
12.4;?;Swann to Smith, no run down on the sweep, but can't make proper contact;
12.3;1;Swann to Finch, 1 run heaved into the leg-side;
12.2;4;Swann to Finch, FOUR runs and there's the elusive boundary, a well-judged sweep through backward square;
12.1;2;Swann to Finch, 2 runs waist-high full toss as Swann lets one slip with an aghast scream. But it's not costly;
11.6;?;Yardy to Smith, no run good turn on a middle-stump line. Australia haven't scored a boundary for nearly six overs;
11.5;W;Yardy to Hussey, OUT short this time, but it's a rare bad ball that is too eagerly accepted by Hussey. A greedy slap to deep midwicket, where Woakes makes no mistake!;David Hussey c Woakes b Yardy 8 (18m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
11.4;2;Yardy to Hussey, 2 runs on the toes, flicked out to deep midwicket;
11.3;1;Yardy to Finch, 1 run smacked down to deep cover;
11.2;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run tapped with a closed face, down to long-on;
11.1;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run in the blockhole, driven back to the bowler;
10.6;?;Swann to Finch, no run more sharp spin from an off-stump line. This is Test-match bowling from Swann;
10.5;?;Swann to Finch, no run another flick, but straight to midwicket. England are keeping things tight now;
10.4;?;Swann to Finch, no run turned off the toes to square leg;
10.3;2;Swann to Finch, 2 runs outside edge, poked through the gully region. That'll do;
10.2;W;Swann to White, OUT cracking delivery, genuine spin as White, the Victorian, is nailed on the back foot. Paul Reiffel, the umpire - another Victorian - sticks up the finger!;Cameron White lbw b Swann 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
10.1;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run a bit of width, but Swann is bowling to his field as a cut shot is slapped towards deep third man;
9.6;?;Yardy to White, no run calm work from Yardy. A good length tweaker that White can only defend with a vertical bat;
9.5;1;Yardy to Hussey, 1 run stabbed into space at mid-on, off the back foot;
9.4;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run good flight, and White is beaten off the pitch;
9.3;?;Yardy to Hussey, no run attempted swish back past the bowler, but Yardy pounces in his followthrough;
9.2;W;Yardy to Warner, OUT tame end for Warner as he plays an unbalanced sliced loft down the ground, which Pietersen intercepts on the boundary's edge. Vital strike again from England, who are battling back now;David Warner c Pietersen b Yardy 30 (41m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 115.38;
9.1;?;Yardy to Warner, no run Warner was looking for a leg-side wide there, but he accidentally got his pad in the way;
8.6;1;Swann to Warner, 1 run dabbed in the air, dangerously close to Shahzad at short third man, who fields with a juggle on the bounce;
8.5;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run weaved out to point with busy footwork.;
8.4;?;Swann to Hussey, no run sharp spin this time, as the ball gets tangled in Hussey's pads;
8.3;?;Swann to Hussey, no run worked to midwicket;
8.2;?;Swann to Hussey, no run on the toes, flicked to short fine leg;
8.1;1;Swann to Warner, 1 run looped up from round the wicket, defended to point;
7.6;1;Bresnan to Warner, 1 run low full toss, pumped down the ground to mid-off. Good over from Bresnan;
7.5;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run chopped down to third man;
7.4;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run lifter, very straight, and Hussey tries to loft that over the keeper's head, but can't make contact;
7.3;3;Bresnan to Warner, 3 runs heaved square, ungainly but effective, but good work on the rope from Morgan to save a single;
7.2;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run on the back foot, tapped to cover, and a quick single. Collingwood's shy hits the stumps, but he's home. Smart work though;
7.1;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run steered out to point, off the back foot;
6.6;?;Swann to Warner, no run driven firmly but straight to short cover.;
6.5;W;Swann to Paine, OUT a swipe across the line, a massive steepler, Collingwood calls for it at short midwicket, steadies himself, fumbles the initial take, but clutches onto the rebound!;Tim Paine c Collingwood b Swann 21 (12m 12b 2x4 1x6) SR: 175;
6.4;1;Swann to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, and pushed off the back foot through extra cover;
6.3;1;Swann to Paine, 1 run a touch early on that stroke, and chipped in the air through midwicket. But safe;
6.2;4;Swann to Paine, FOUR runs uses the feet well, and lofted handsomely over wide mid-on. The ball hits the rope as it lands;
6.1;?;Swann to Paine, no run reverse sweep to start, but no connection;
5.6;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run excellent delivery, right into the blockhole, and punched into the covers;
5.5;?;Bresnan to Paine, no run slower ball, a violent swing and a miss. The ball trickles past the leg stump, but Paine had made room so no wide;
5.4;4;Bresnan to Paine, FOUR runs too short, and launched over point with an aggressive uppercut;
5.3;1;Bresnan to Warner, 1 run clipped out to midwicket;
5.2;1;Bresnan to Paine, 1 run chopped out to point, and a bit of a scamper to make the non-striker's end;
5.1;1;Bresnan to Warner, 1 run short and pulled calmly through midwicket;
4.6;2;Woakes to Paine, 2 runs low full-toss, picks the gap at midwicket, and another more-than-decent over in the end for Australia;
4.5;2;Woakes to Paine, 2 runs slower ball again, dragged through midwicket;
4.4;6;Woakes to Paine, SIX runs mowed across the line. Not middled at all, but the bottom of the bat has enough meat to clear the long-on rope;
4.3;?;Woakes to Paine, no run good line and length, defended on off stump by the new batsman;
4.2;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run squared up a fraction by a shorter ball. Defended out to the leg side;
4.2;1w;Woakes to Warner, 1 wide down the leg-side;
4.1;W;Woakes to Watson, OUT crucial breakthrough. Full length again from Woakes, a flick across the line from Watson, but Morgan at deep square leg is in place to take the catch;Shane Watson c Morgan b Woakes 17 (18m 10b 0x4 2x6) SR: 170;
3.6;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run right up in the blockhole, and punched to mid-off to finish;
3.5;4;Shahzad to Warner, FOUR runs bouncer, pretty well directed to be honest, but Warner was equal to it, helping round the corner and one bounce over the rope at fine leg;
3.4;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run slower ball, well disguised, and Warner's attempted swipe is mistimed out to short cover;
3.3;?;Shahzad to Warner, no run driven again, into the covers;
3.2;1;Shahzad to Watson, 1 run fuller length, and Watson is drawn forward to push into the covers;
3.1;6;Shahzad to Watson, SIX runs what a strike! On the toes, a lofted flick and that travels way over the head of deep midwicket. 89 metres, apparently, and bouncing off the boundary boards;
2.6;4;Woakes to Warner, FOUR runs opens the stance, and that's a quality punched drive, up and over mid-on, and rocketing to the fence before the sweeper can intercept. A fine over for Australia;
2.5;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run a sliced slap, down towards third man, but it drops just short of Luke Wright ...;
2.4;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run punched into the covers off the back foot;
2.3;2;Woakes to Warner, 2 runs boshed out to deep midwicket, but the sweeper is in place;
2.2;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run open face, steered down to third man;
2.1;6;Woakes to Watson, SIX runs effortless, flowing strike. Full and straight, and Watson puts his full body weight through that lofted drive. Straight as you like, over the rope;
1.6;4;Shahzad to Warner, FOUR runs on the pads, and that's Australia's first boundary. Shahzad speared the ball wide, but Warner was alert to it and made good contact. The outfield can't deny him either;
1.5;2;Shahzad to Warner, 2 runs on the hips, tucked away fine;
1.4;2;Shahzad to Warner, 2 runs a steepling chance! Way, way up into the air, and if this was the Telstra Dome, or whatever it's now called, that would have hit the roof. Right underneath the ball with that shot, but Bresnan at mid-on never looked like getting close as the ball swirled over his head;
1.3;1;Shahzad to Watson, 1 run blocked out to point with a full stride. Another single as Collingwood rushes in;
1.2;?;Shahzad to Watson, no run good delivery, just threatened to ghost away at the last minute, and Watson leaves his bat hanging limply as the ball skids by;
1.1;?;Shahzad to Watson, no run a flowing drive, into the covers, but straight at the field. England have got their options covered so far;
0.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run a swing and a miss, good line and length from Woakes, and that's a very tidy first over;
0.5;1;Woakes to Watson, 1 run well struck, into the gap at cover, and they jog through for another single;
0.4;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run slower ball, patted into a gap at short cover, and Warner is away;
0.3;?;Woakes to Warner, no run belted across the line, another fine connection, and an even better tumbling stop at mid-on;
0.2;?;Woakes to Warner, no run a touch of width outside off, and a good connection from Warner, but good cover at extra cover.;
0.1;?;Woakes to Warner, no run Full and flat, a low full-toss outside off. Clubbed back to the bowler;

7.30pm Right, the teams are on the field, and we are ready to rumble. I am Andrew Miller, and Sahil Dutta will be your eyes and ears for the second half of the match. Chris Woakes, the hero at Adelaide, has the new ball once again ... David Warner is on strike, with two slips for company ...
7.25pm A few minutes to go until the start, so here's a link to pass the time. Go and follow our video updates from all corners of the game at our YouTube channel.
Meanwhile, this just in from our man at the ground, Gnasher McGlashan, always the first with the news. "A new world record for a chicken dance has just been set at the MCG..." Good grief. But, with Google at his fingertips, Gnasher tells us that all is not as it seems with such dances. The previous record came under fire from an animal rights group! You really could not make it up ...
7.15pm As everyone is well aware, it has been dramatically wet in Australia in recent days, and while Victoria has not suffered to the same extent as Queensland, there has been plenty rain around. The outfield is visibly soft and damp, and it will doubtless be a slow outfield. Cue lots of hitting in the air this evening, though you'd expect nothing less in this format...
It is, of course, the second England-Australia Twenty20 of the day, and in a handy omen for Collingwood's men, the women did their bit for the country earlier in the day, sealing their second consecutive victory, this time by five wickets.
Toss Cameron White has won the toss and chosen for Australia to bat. "The wicket looks pretty good, it might be on the slow side," he says. "Hopefully we can post a good score."
"We generally like to bowl first so we're not too unhappy," says Paul Collingwood, who confirms an unchanged side. Both teams, in fact, are unchanged.
Australia 1 David Warner, 2 Shane Watson, 3 Aaron Finch, 4 David Hussey, 5 Cameron White (capt), 6 Steven Smith, 7 Tim Paine (wk), 8 Mitchell Johnson, 9 Steve O'Keefe, 10 Brett Lee, 11 Shaun Tait.
England 1 Ian Bell, 2 Steven Davies (wk), 3 Kevin Pietersen, 4 Paul Collingwood (capt), 5 Eoin Morgan, 6 Luke Wright, 7 Michael Yardy, 8 Tim Bresnan, 9 Chris Woakes, 10 Graeme Swann, 11 Ajmal Shahzad.
7pm Good morning/evening, wherever you are, and welcome to Cricinfo's live coverage of the second Twenty20 international between England and Australia at Melbourne. Wednesday's series-opener was an absolute classic of its genre, with England sneaking to a one-wicket win from the final ball of the match, thanks to an ice-cool debut from the 21-year-old Warwickshire allrounder, Chris Woakes. England are now unbeaten in eight matches, a record.
 Innings Start
Australia win by 4 runs and draw series 1-1 Plenty of smiles from the Aussies, this win has been a long time coming but they've been the better of the sides today. Aaron Finch is named man of the match - it was his testosterone-felled half-century that revived the Australian innings. Not quite the finish of Adelaide but still a closely-contested game that showed Australia still have plenty to offer in the shorter formats.
Just a quick aside before the presentations, football fans in the UK can be the first to see the Premier League goals on your mobile device, just visit ESPNGoals.com.
Collingwood reckons England were in a good position after the first six overs but got stuck with too many dot balls. "Not quite good enough," is his verdict. Sounds about right. Brydon has summarised all in his bulletin, so be sure to feast on that.
That's all from us but you white-ball fiends needn't fear, we have seven, yes seven, one-day internationals ahead of us starting Sunday. Join us then.
19.6;1;Lee to Bresnan, 1 run Australia have broke their duck! That's the game! England's run of eight straight Twenty20 wins comes to an end as Bresnan's hoik only trickles away for one.;
19.5;1;Lee to Woakes, 1 run back of a length and Woakes can't time his pull shot. They needed two but couldn't come back for a second;
19.4;6;Lee to Woakes, SIX runs how about that! Can Woakes be a hero again!? Madness. England have barely timed a ball all innings but Woakes got deep into his crease and smashed this miles over long-on into the stands;
19.3;1;Lee to Bresnan, 1 run just a single this time. The crowd roar, Australia nearly home now! Lee is full and fast and finds an inside edge;
19.2;2;Lee to Bresnan, 2 runs slower ball, touch shorter too, and Bresnan can't find the boundary. Shoving it to leg;
19.1;2;Lee to Bresnan, 2 runs good start from Lee, low full toss that Bresnan slugs to long-off. Two more but boundaries needed;
18.6;1;Tait to Bresnan, 1 run Bresnan gives himself room, England needed a boundary this delivery but instead it's slugged out to deep cover;
18.6;5w;Tait to Bresnan, 5 wide not smiling this time! After five perfect yorkers this is fired full and way, way down the leg side for five wides;
18.5;1;Tait to Woakes, 1 run and again! Big smile from Tait, he knows he's right on top of things here. Yorker lands perfectly;
18.4;1;Tait to Bresnan, 1 run Tait is doing a fine job here. Landing every yorker and Bresnan can do nothing but bottom-edge to fine leg for a single;
18.3;1;Tait to Woakes, 1 run yorker again, nothing Woakes can do with that. Pushed gently to mid-off;
18.2;1lb;Tait to Bresnan, 1 leg bye top work from Tait. Full and tailing in, crashes into the lads as Bresnan aimed an optimistic hack;
18.1;1;Tait to Woakes, 1 run England need boundaries but this is angled to third man for just a single;
17.6;2;Johnson to Bresnan, 2 runs repeat delivery and a repeat shot. Johnson finishes a good spell - the three biggest wickets;
17.5;2;Johnson to Bresnan, 2 runs slower-ball bouncer that Bresnan heaves to leg for a couple. England need more than that;
17.4;1;Johnson to Woakes, 1 run excellent slower ball sees Woakes aim a drive over extra cover, only for it to loop towards mid-on;
17.3;1;Johnson to Bresnan, 1 run fullish ball clunked down the ground but just for a single;
17.2;W;Johnson to Morgan, OUT that's the match! Morgan has gone! Got a leg-stump half-volley and tried to heave it over deep midwicket, really struck it well but the MCG is a big ground and he couldn't clear the fielder;Eoin Morgan c Finch b Johnson 14 (28m 21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
17.1;1;Johnson to Bresnan, 1 run chaos! Which only earns a single after all that. Bresnan smacked a drive to mid-off. Morgan had set off for a single but Bresnan didn't move. The throw came in, missed the stumps and ran away for an over throw;
16.6;?;Tait to Morgan, no run swing and a miss outside off stump! Morgan hasn't found his range and that's why England are struggling. Australia in the box seat now!;
16.5;1;Tait to Bresnan, 1 run very sharp and a good line from Tait, Bresnan stays leg side of the ball to poke a single;
16.4;W;Tait to Wright, OUT Big shot doesn't come off! Wright tries to clear mid-off but Steve Smith times his jump perfectly to take the catch above his head;Luke Wright c Smith b Tait 18 (13m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 120;
16.3;2;Tait to Wright, 2 runs Tait aims down the leg side and Wright thinks he flick has four, it doesn't thanks to some excellent fielding on the rope;
16.2;4;Tait to Wright, FOUR runs flash and four! Wright didn't know much about it but he won't mind. Skipped down the wicket and outside leg, flew off the edge past the keeper for four;
16.1;2;Tait to Wright, 2 runs Wright aims a big leg-side slug, needless to say there isn't much timing, but he clears midwicket and hares back for two;
15.6;1;Lee to Wright, 1 run Wright gives himself some room to drive but it only gets a single. Australia have managed these middle overs superbly;
15.5;1;Lee to Morgan, 1 run 21 balls since the last boundary as Morgan's cut shot finds deep point;
15.4;1;Lee to Wright, 1 run banged in short and Wright aims a big hook shot, eyes off the ball, no timing and it bobbles to fine leg;
15.3;2;Lee to Wright, 2 runs Wright again cuts, bat and arms a whirr, scampers a couple;
15.2;1;Lee to Morgan, 1 run ooh, nervy times for Morgan. Aims a big pull shot but gets a toe-end that loops straight for a single;
15.1;?;Lee to Morgan, no run bit of width first up and Morgan's chops without much timing to point;
14.6;?;Hussey to Wright, no run beaten outside off stump to finish the over;
14.5;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run Hussey lucky here, dragged down a short ball but Morgan's pull shot picked out fine leg;
14.4;1;Hussey to Wright, 1 run flashed drive, he has very quick hands, to a tossed up delivery around off stump;
14.3;2;Hussey to Wright, 2 runs Wright clips to leg and scampers two to the deep-set field;
14.2;1lb;Hussey to Morgan, 1 leg bye quicker ball here and Morgan misses an attempted nurdle, bobbles past the keeper for a single;
14.1;1;Hussey to Wright, 1 run Hussey starts well outside off stump and Wright flashes a drive to deep point;
13.6;1;Watson to Wright, 1 run another pinched single. Dropped towards mid-on and Wright hares off down the other end. Excellent work from Watson again;
13.5;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run push and go from Morgan. Dropping this from under his eyes for a single to cover;
13.4;1;Watson to Wright, 1 run no duck this time for Wright, steers a single wide of point;
13.3;?;Watson to Wright, no run dot ball again, Wright defending from the crease;
13.2;?;Watson to Wright, no run he stays on 0, pushing gently to mid-off;
13.1;W;Watson to Davies, OUT game on now! Davies gone this time, his final mistimed shot of the innings. Hanging back and driving to try and clear mid-off but Warner dives forward to take the chance;Steven Davies c Warner b Watson 29 (58m 26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 111.53;
12.6;1;Johnson to Davies, 1 run Davies hanging deep in his crease and wheels away a pull shot, without timing it particularly well;
12.5;1;Johnson to Morgan, 1 run shout of catch and Morgan flicks uppishly through midwicket;
12.4;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run back of a length here and Morgan can only stand up on his toes to defend;
12.3;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run back on it now from Johnson and Morgan has to hurry to defend;
12.2;4;Johnson to Morgan, FOUR runs valuable, pressure-easing boundary. Johnson misses his line and it's nudged down to the fine leg boundary;
12.1;?;Johnson to Morgan, no run touch of width but Morgan's cut finds point;
11.6;?;Watson to Davies, no run good slower ball deceives Davies who gave himself room to cut, but couldn't wait on it long enough. Just three from the over and Australia are right in this;
11.5;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run just short enough for Watson to chop down to third man but it's still just a single;
11.4;1;Watson to Davies, 1 run Davies, who has hardly had any strike, wanders over to the off side and whips a single into the square-leg region;
11.3;1;Watson to Morgan, 1 run after seeing a couple Morgan is happy to drill a drive back at the bowler, some very smart fielding from Warner at mid-on saves a boundary;
11.2;?;Watson to Morgan, no run Morgan remains pinned to the crease in defence;
11.1;?;Watson to Morgan, no run good work from Watson, hitting a length and line and Morgan very respectful in defence;
10.6;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run the middle overs proving difficult for England, just as they did for Australia. Morgan only managing a single wide of mid-off;
10.5;1;Hussey to Davies, 1 run good over this, Davies whips a single towards midwicket;
10.4;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run Morgan earns himself a single courtesy of an off-drive;
10.3;?;Hussey to Morgan, no run very correct forward defence here. Good work from Hussey;
10.2;1;Hussey to Davies, 1 run Davies aims a drive as well, without quite timing it, wide of cover;
10.1;1;Hussey to Morgan, 1 run drive his first ball firmly to short-cover who fumbles and allows a single;
9.6;W;Watson to PD Collingwood, OUT Collingwood's difficult run continues. Watson aimed full and Collingwood tried to clear mid-off with a drive. The timing is not there though and it goes gently to mid-off who jumps to take the chance above his head;Paul Collingwood c Warner b Watson 6 (8m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
9.5;1;Watson to Davies, 1 run Davies flicks to leg in search of two, but square leg races in from the boundary to keep it to one;
9.4;1;Watson to PD Collingwood, 1 run finally he gets off strike, poking a single towards mid-on;
9.3;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run Watson joining the dots and building pressure here. Collingwood struggling to find his range;
9.2;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run shortish again and Collingwood steers to point. Two dots;
9.1;?;Watson to PD Collingwood, no run good start to the new spell, back of a length around off stump, Collingwood pushes firmly to cover;
8.6;1;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, 1 run this time Collingwood uses his feet, shuffling down to push a single to long-off;
8.5;?;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, no run beaten outside off stump! Spin for O'Keefe;
8.4;1;O'Keefe to Davies, 1 run tries to repeat the shot, but without any of the timing so it only earns a single;
8.3;4;O'Keefe to Davies, FOUR runs ah, lovely shot. Ganguly-esque again from Davies as he clears his front leg to a left-arm spinner and eases a swing to wide long-on for four;
8.2;1;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, 1 run enough width for Collingwood to clunk an inelegant drive to deep point;
8.1;2;O'Keefe to PD Collingwood, 2 runs starts by tossing one up towards the pads, Collingwood is the master of nurdle and it gets him two to midwicket;
7.6;1;Johnson to PD Collingwood, 1 run Collingwood pushes his first ball wide of cover to get him off the mark. Just needs to steady England for a few overs;
7.5;W;Johnson to Pietersen, OUT Cheers and boos ring loud as Pietersen falls! Johnson dished up a full drive-me ball that Pietersen climbed into, only to pick out White at cover who held an excellent low catch;Kevin Pietersen c White b Johnson 1 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
7.4;1;Johnson to Davies, 1 run slung full and into Davies' pads, he clips neatly away to deep midwicket;
7.3;1;Johnson to Pietersen, 1 run flicked off the hip with a snap of the wrists to get away straight away;
7.2;W;Johnson to Bell, OUT Johnson strikes! Lands a straight ball, touch slower too, Bell was aiming an almighty thwack over cow corner but ended up dragging into his stumps;Ian Bell b Johnson 39 (34m 30b 3x4 0x6) SR: 130;
7.1;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs Bell dances down the wicket which forces Johnson short, pulled firmly in front of midwicket for two more;
6.6;2;Hussey to Davies, 2 runs shoved into the leg side again, dragged really. No great timing but enough to earn a couple more;
6.5;2;Hussey to Davies, 2 runs Davies jumps outside leg and gives himself room to drive, airily through cover for a couple;
6.4;1;Hussey to Bell, 1 run Bell down the wicket and pushing this right-arm dart to long-off;
6.3;1;Hussey to Davies, 1 run fetched into the leg side for another single;
6.2;2;Hussey to Davies, 2 runs touch shorter and Davies gets hold of a firm pull shot that should have been four until some remarkable sliding fielding from Smith saves on the midwicket rope;
6.1;?;Hussey to Davies, no run starts well and it sticks in the pitch, Davies steers to point;
5.6;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs no timing again, but skewed past point for a couple more to bring up the fifty stand;
5.5;4;Johnson to Bell, FOUR runs short ball that Bell got deep into his crease and had an absolute muller at. No finesse, but strong enough hack to leg to carry it over the rope;
5.4;2;Johnson to Bell, 2 runs for the first time in about a year, Bell is struggling for timing. He aims a booming drive here and it skews away past mid-off for a couple;
5.3;1;Johnson to Davies, 1 run Davies just cannot get away. He gets a delivery tight on off stump and can only drop it towards cover for a well-taken single;
5.2;1;Johnson to Bell, 1 run short and sharp, Bell hurries into a pull shot that he doesn't quite get hold of;
5.1;?;Johnson to Bell, no run follows up with a straighter ball that Bell murders to mid-off. Just like Watson, that.;
5.1;1w;Johnson to Bell, 1 wide ooops, bad Mitch to start. Really bad. Slung six metres wide of off stump;
4.6;2;Watson to Davies, 2 runs Davies is hanging back and desperate for some width outside off, doesn't get it and has to hack to leg;
4.5;?;Watson to Davies, no run not a great shot this. Davies wafts aimlessly outside off and luckily for him, missed it;
4.4;4;Watson to Davies, FOUR runs Watson's short ball at Davies is not sharp enough and with fine leg up Davies pulls powerfully for four;
4.3;1;Watson to Bell, 1 run down the wicket again and Bell's off-side hack trickles towards cover;
4.2;2;Watson to Bell, 2 runs Bell hops down the wicket and Watson responds by shoving it in short. Odd shot in the end. Flat-bat tennis swat that is timed well enough for Bell to pick up a couple down the ground;
4.1;?;Watson to Bell, no run starts full and straight and Bell toe-ends a drive back to the bowler;
3.6;1;Lee to Bell, 1 run back of a length, good stuff from Lee. Bell pinches the strike again by mistiming a pull shot;
3.5;1;Lee to Davies, 1 run banged in short again and Davies is struggling a touch. Mistimes a pull shot that loops gently into space at square leg;
3.4;?;Lee to Davies, no run this has to be fuller, but the line - hugging off stump - is good and Davies can't get away;
3.4;1nb;Lee to Davies, (no ball) bouncer to Davies again. Good one too, slower ball that completely deceived Davies. But.. because of the bouncer earlier in the over it's been called a no ball. Lee is unimpressed;
3.3;3;Lee to Bell, 3 runs just about enough width, made wider with Bell skipping leg side, for Bell to scythe a drive through cover. The damp outfield means he only collects three;
3.2;1;Lee to Davies, 1 run very short to Davies again. They won't let him drive, so he steers a very cautious hook shot to fine leg to give Bell back the strike. Again;
3.1;1;Lee to Bell, 1 run Lee has not offered anything for Bell to get hold of. Bell tries to manufacture some width by jumping leg side of the ball, but only manages to outside-edge to third man;
2.6;1;Tait to Bell, 1 run ideal delivery for the free hit really. Full and straight and driven to mid-off. The free hit always ends as an anti-climax it seems;
2.6;3nb;Tait to Bell, (no ball) 2 runs no ball which means it's free hit time. Full and angling towards the legs, Bell happily flicked for a couple more;
2.5;2;Tait to Bell, 2 runs short ball and Bell is in position to pull very early, didn't quite time it though as it trickled off the toe end towards midwicket;
2.4;2;Tait to Bell, 2 runs massive yelp from Tait as he delivered his sling here. Bell mistimed a leg-side nudge, which earned him a couple;
2.3;?;Tait to Bell, no run there is some width here which Bell duly does flay at. Zipped through and climbed to Paine as Bell found fresh air;
2.2;?;Tait to Bell, no run good straight line from Tait, no width for Bell to flay at. Punched without much timing to mid-on;
2.1;1;Tait to Davies, 1 run Davies didn't know much about this, he popped forward to find the ball rushing onto his bat and bobbling away. Bell called him through for a single;
1.6;?;Lee to Bell, no run excellent over from Lee. Really top stuff finishes with a sharp short ball that Bell hops to defend. Lee rewards himself by following through a long way down to Bell and... winking at him. He just doesn't know how to be mean.;
1.5;?;Lee to Bell, no run Bell edges down the wicket and Lee responds by banging it in. The line is excellent though and Bell can only defend;
1.4;1;Lee to Davies, 1 run shorter this time, doesn't want to give Davies anything to drive. For those of you who haven't seen Davies he's got shades of Ganguly in his off-side shots. This is steered to point for a swiftly-taken single;
1.3;?;Lee to Davies, no run Lee hits a decent length and line outside off stump and Davies stands still to prod to point;
1.2;1;Lee to Bell, 1 run Lee straight into 90mph and a single worked to a big gap at midwicket gives Davies the strike for the first time;
1.1;?;Lee to Bell, no run starts full around off stump and Bell pings a Watson-esque drive straight to mid-off;
0.6;3;Tait to Bell, 3 runs slower ball from Tait, there might need to be a few more of them. Bell sees it early and flicks it away through midwicket for three;
0.5;?;Tait to Bell, no run Bell tip-toes down the wicket and aims a whoosh outside off stump. Doesn't connect;
0.4;4;Tait to Bell, FOUR runs swing on the ball! Late from a full length, swing of the bat as well though as Bell unfurled his picture-perfect cover drive, threading through the infield for another boundary;
0.3;?;Tait to Bell, no run good comeback, fuller and faster. Bell was stuck in the crease as he steered a block to point;
0.2;4;Tait to Bell, FOUR runs oh no, don't bowl there. Short and wide at any pace gets a bowler into trouble. Bell rocks back and stylishly cuts past point for four;
0.1;?;Tait to Bell, no run good start from Tait, short and zippy, Bell stands on his toes to defend in a hurry;

Evening all, Sahil here. Pace off the ball was the key for England. Shaun Tait, Brett Lee and Mitchell Johnson are Australia's muscle. Makes a good contest with England's pair of stylists at the top of the order - Ian Bell and Steve Davies. Cameron White leads out a nervy-looking bunch before delivering what looks like a very sharp-tongued speech in the huddle. They have a decent total to defend, Shaun Tait will open the bowling.
 Innings Start
Australia
England
2nd T20I (N), Melbourne, Jan 14 2011, England tour of Australia
147/7
143/6
Player of the match is Aaron Finch, AUS
Australia won by 4 runs
