Data
9.20pm Good workout for Malinga on return. He snapped up two catches in two overs, took two wickets. The wristspinners - Prasanna and Sandakan - slowed Australia down in the middle overs with combined figures of 8-0- 53-1 after Klinger and Finch added 76 for the first wicket. Sri Lanka's fielding, though, was sloppy. They need 169. Be back soon for the chase.
A: "First match back, in a year, after injury and he was on a hat-trick! What a player!"
Arooran: "By the way srilanka never lost a t20 match in Australia. Hope they will continue the winning habit "
Ratha_Akl: "@Muthu think Asela" --- Oh is it?
19.6;4;Kulasekara to Faulkner, FOUR runs Faulkner dances out, meets a full-toss, and pumps it over midwicket. Deep midwicket (think Prasanna) runs in, the dives to his left and makes a royal mess of it. Did not even get his finger-tip to it. Kulasekara is consoled by Shanaka. Faulkner finishes the innings with a boundary;
19.5;2;Kulasekara to Faulkner, 2 runs low-full toss on leg stump, whipped away through backward square leg. Faulkner rushes back for the second;
19.4;W;Kulasekara to Faulkner, 1 run, OUT pretty full on off stump, forced away to long-on. Paine walks off. Faulkner and Paine risk the double. Kulasekara collects the throw and breaks the stumps. Paine dishes out a full-length dive, but is caught short. He knew he was out. Exits for a duck without facing a ball;Tim Paine run out (Kapugedera/Kulasekara) 0 (7m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;1w;Kulasekara to Faulkner, 1 wide full-toss down the leg side, wide;
19.3;2;Kulasekara to Faulkner, 2 runs down the track and whipped away to wide long-on. There is a direct hit at the non-striker's end but Paine is in;
19.2;?;Kulasekara to Faulkner, no run banged in short again, this lifter beats the attempted hook;
19.1;4;Kulasekara to Faulkner, FOUR runs Faulkner steps out, Kulasekara goes shorter and outside off. The batsman upper-cuts it over backward point;
18.6;1;Malinga to Faulkner, 1 run really full on off, Faulkner whips it away through midwicket;
18.5;W;Malinga to Turner, OUT Two in two for Malinga and Prasanna. The fielder lets out a roar. Malinga attempts a yorker, comes out as a full-toss on the leg stump. Turner swings and Prasanna runs to his right from deep midwicket to pouch it;Ashton Turner c Prasanna b Malinga 18 (22m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 138.46;
18.4;W;Malinga to Head, OUT First wicket for Malinga on return. Holes out to Prasanna, who makes no mistake this time. Head backs away outside leg stump, this is speared full and wide outside off. Head reaches out and nails it to the fielder;Travis Head c Prasanna b Malinga 31 (46m 25b 0x4 1x6) SR: 124;
18.3;2;Malinga to Head, 2 runs full on leg stump, clears his front leg, and unleashes a clubbing swing to the left of long-on;
18.2;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run yorker on the leg stump, jabbed towards midwicket;
18.1;2;Malinga to Turner, 2 runs yorker on the leg stump, forced away to deep square leg. Slipshod throw from Prasanna after stopping the ball. The ball plinks a few metres in front of him. He then cleans up the mess;
17.6;2;Kulasekara to Head, 2 runs yorker outside off, jabbed to point, a fumble allows a single;
17.5;1;Kulasekara to Turner, 1 run yorker on leg stump, jammed to long-on;
17.4;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run full-toss outside off,slashed to deep point;
17.3;1;Kulasekara to Turner, 1 run short on the leg stump, swatted away to deep midwicket;
17.3;1nb;Kulasekara to Turner, (no ball) really full and shading outside leg stump, past the flick. Not a leg-side wide. Called a no-ball by umpire Wilson because third man or backward point was outside the circle when the ball was bowled. Just three fielders were inside;
17.2;2;Kulasekara to Turner, 2 runs chest-high short ball on off, short-arm flapped away to midwicket;
17.1;1;Kulasekara to Head, 1 run length ball outside off, Head swings hard, loses his shape in the process. Ends up dragging the ball to midwicket;
16.6;1;Malinga to Head, 1 run full-toss outside off, flat-batted away to long-off running in;
16.5;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run yorker on the leg stump, dug out to midwicket;
16.4;1;Malinga to Head, 1 run full-toss on off, shovelled away with the bottom hand to wide mid-on;
16.3;1;Malinga to Turner, 1 run leg-stump full-toss, whipped to square leg;
16.2;4;Malinga to Turner, FOUR runs Malinga spears a yorker on middle stump, swings in. Turner still gets a four. He jabs his bat down and squeezes it square of short fine leg. Streaks away to the boundary;
16.1;2;Malinga to Turner, 2 runs very full on middle stump, clipped away through midwicket. They hustle back for the second;
15.6;6;Sanjaya to Head, SIX runs slower ball outside off, Head picks it and dispatches over the long boundary. Slugged disdainfully over midwicket. The wide hurts Sanjaya;
15.6;1w;Sanjaya to Head, 1 wide very full and wide outside off, past the tramline. Off-side wide;
15.5;2;Sanjaya to Head, 2 runs slower one outside off, dragged away to wide long-on;
15.4;1;Sanjaya to Turner, 1 run Sanjaya nails a yorker on off stump, the batsman digs it back to the bowler. Sanjaya dives to his right and deflects the ball in front of him. The Australians sneak a single. Sanjaya dishes out another dive, swoops down on the ball, but can't throw it onto the stumps;
15.3;2;Sanjaya to Turner, 2 runs 97.2 slower ball into the pads, dabbed with soft hands in front of long-on;
15.2;1;Sanjaya to Head, 1 run very full and outside off, Head shimmies out and drives to long-off;
15.1;W;Sanjaya to Henriques, OUT First international wicket for Sanjaya! Length ball on off, Henriques can't clear the long boundary. #MCGisbig. Holes out to Kapu at long-on. The shot was on, but the execution was bad, with the bat twisting in Henriques' hands;Moises Henriques c Kapugedera b Sanjaya 17 (20m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 170;
14.6;2;Sandakan to Head, 2 runs Head backs away outside leg, the bowler follows him, slugged away powerfully towards deep midwicket. Siriwardana initially over-ran the ball, but pulls it in near the boundary;
14.5;3;Sandakan to Henriques, 3 runs tossed-up googly outside off, uses his feet, does not pick it. Slices an outside edge between backward point and short third man;
14.4;6;Sandakan to Henriques, SIX runs flighted outside off, Henriques races down the track, gets close to the pitch now and wallops it straight over the bowler's head. Takes it from outside off and nails it;
14.3;1;Sandakan to Head, 1 run slides outside off, drilled down the ground;
14.2;3;Sandakan to Henriques, 3 runs Sanjaya runs in from deep cover, attacks it, but the ball drops in front of him. Googly outside off, Henriques does not meet the pitch, chips in the air over the infield and gets away;
14.1;1;Sandakan to Head, 1 run pushed through on leg stump, Head brings out his favourite slog-sweep and hits the ball to deep midwicket;
13.6;1;Malinga to Head, 1 run full-toss drops on Head on and around off, swiped away past midwicket to wide long-on;
13.5;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run very full on middle, push-driven to long-off;
13.4;1;Malinga to Head, 1 run full and outside off, driven on the front foot to long-off;
13.3;2;Malinga to Head, 2 runs seam-up half-volley outside off, Head loft-drives the ball over extra-cover;
13.2;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run another slow dipping full-toss on off, 110.7ks, tapped down the ground;
13.2;1w;Malinga to Henriques, 1 wide full and slung down the leg side, past the attempted flick;
13.1;?;Malinga to Henriques, no run 116.8 dipping full-toss on off, nurdled to mid-on;
12.6;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run full and angled into the pads, worked into the vacant spaces in the leg side;
12.5;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run tossed outside off, driven down the ground;
12.4;?;Prasanna to Head, no run flatter and outside off, flashed to backward point. Straight to Tharanga;
12.3;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run knocked to midwicket from a straightish line;
12.2;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run slides outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
12.1;?;Prasanna to Head, no run Tharanga drops a sitter at point. He wears a sheepish smile. Dropped short and outside off, think it's a googly. Head chops it in the air on the back foot. Pops in and pops out. Could have been three wickets in three overs. "Good time to drop a catch" says Justin Langer, who is miked-up;
11.6;1;Gunaratne to Head, 1 run full and around off, whipped away to wide long-on;
11.5;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run very full and outside off, shovelled away to long-on for one;
11.4;1;Gunaratne to Head, 1 run slower cutter on leg stump, knocked to midwicket with soft hands;
11.3;W;Gunaratne to Finch, OUT Malinga tracks down this skier, running in from short fine leg. Slower offcutter from Asela, Finch swipes early and sends a top-edge in the air. Smart catch from Malinga. Two catches in two overs for him. SL slowing Australia down;Aaron Finch c Malinga b Gunaratne 43 (49m 34b 2x4 2x6) SR: 126.47;
11.2;2;Gunaratne to Finch, 2 runs back of a length offcutter, swiped in the air between deep square leg and deep midwicket;
11.1;6;Gunaratne to Finch, SIX runs When Finch hits, it stays hit. He greets Asela with a mighty six. Length ball on middle, clouted powerfully over midwicket;
10.6;?;Sandakan to Head, no run hung up in the air outside off, wrong'un, Head does not pick it. Swishes and misses. Dickwella swipes the bails off, but Head's back foot is grounded in time;
10.5;?;Sandakan to Head, no run spins in and takes the pad as Head plays down the wrong line;
10.4;2;Sandakan to Head, 2 runs pitched up on middle and leg, tapped to wide long-on with soft hands;
10.3;W;Sandakan to Klinger, OUT wrong'un, full on off stump, Klinger looks to slog it over the leg side. He did not pick the wrong'un I guess. Wanted to heave over the leg side, and ended up slicing an outside edge in the air. Malinga ventured in from point and clasped it, sliding on his knees;Michael Klinger c Malinga b Sandakan 38 (43m 32b 4x4 0x6) SR: 118.75;
10.2;1lb;Sandakan to Finch, 1 leg bye speared outside off, Finch eyes up the leg side with a slog-sweep and does not make contact. The ball grazes the pad and rolls away fine on the off side;
10.1;?;Sandakan to Finch, no run back of a length and turns away outside off, chopped to point;
9.6;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run;
9.5;6;Prasanna to Finch, SIX runs dropped short on leg stump, Finch backs away and hammers it straight down the ground for a six, the first of the evening. Sailed towards the sightscreen;
9.4;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run Finch backs away outside leg, dangled up wide outside off, skewed back to the bowler;
9.3;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run Finch now attempts a big slog-sweep and does not make contact;
9.2;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run Finch feigns to reverse cover-drive it through cover (for a left-hander) and does not connect;
9.1;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run pushed through outside off, down the track and cracked to long-off;
8.6;1;Sandakan to Klinger, 1 run uses his feet, meets a half-volley, and whips to deep midwicket;
8.5;?;Sandakan to Klinger, no run short and spins away outside off, beats the cut;
8.4;?;Sandakan to Klinger, no run full and slides on outside off, forced to cover;
8.3;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run dropped shortish and outside off, slammed to long-off on the back foot. Sanjaya makes no mistake here, gets behind the ball;
8.2;3;Sandakan to Klinger, 3 runs skips down the track, aims for the loft, ends up toe-ending the googly over cover. Sanjaya fumbles running in from the deep;
8.1;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run tossed up full on off, goes low and sweeps a single to long leg;
7.6;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run Finch steps away outside leg, the bowler follows him, hit to long-on. 1000 runs for Finch in T20Is, he is the second fastest to the milestone behind Kohli;
7.5;4;Prasanna to Finch, FOUR runs low full-toss on the leg stump, Finch jabs it with the bottom hand to the right of long-on;
7.4;1b;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 bye Klinger is floored. He feigned to make room, Prasanna lobs it up wide outside off, just on the guideline is it? Not too sure. Harsh call, off-side wide, and Klinger sneaks across to the other end;
7.3;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run full on middle, Finch backs away outside leg, manufactures room, and drives firmly through the covers;
7.2;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run tossed-up legbreak, down the track and drilled to long-off;
7.1;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run flatter and darted in, Klinger can't work it away to leg;
6.6;2;Sandakan to Finch, 2 runs tossed up and spins in on off, patted to wide long-on;
6.5;1;Sandakan to Klinger, 1 run fired outside off, punched on the back foot through cover again;
6.4;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run pushed through, spins away outside off, punched to long-off. Fifty opening stand for Australia. Good platform to launch from;
6.3;?;Sandakan to Finch, no run another non-turning short ball outside off, back-foot chop to point;
6.2;1;Sandakan to Klinger, 1 run short and skids on outside off, sits back and forces a single to long-off;
6.1;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run;
5.6;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run non-turning legbreak outside off, pushed back to the bowler. Good over from Prasanna;
5.5;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run backs away outside leg and biffs it to the covers;
5.4;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run worked to midwicket;
5.3;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run Klinger uses his feet, this slides in with the arm, Klinger does not meet the pitch and is rapped on the pad. But it was sliding down leg;
5.2;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run tossed up on off, held up in the pitch, defended to cover;
5.2;1w;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 wide leg-side wide, breaking down leg;
5.1;1;Prasanna to Finch, 1 run Finch steps away outside leg, the bowler follows him, chopped to cover;
4.6;1;Sanjaya to Finch, 1 run slower incutter, 94ks, bunted to the midwicket region;
4.5;1;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 run back of a length and outside off, gently worked to midwicket;
4.4;4;Sanjaya to Klinger, FOUR runs full and too leg-stumpish, tickled away fine of short fine leg now. Back-to-back boundaries with minimal fuss;
4.3;4;Sanjaya to Klinger, FOUR runs hip-high short ball on off, you've got to get it up higher, swivels on the back foot and pulls it square of short fine leg and fine of deep square leg. Top placement, Klinger;
4.2;3;Sanjaya to Finch, 3 runs pretty full and angled in on off stump, Finch uses his wrists, picks the ball up in the air between wide mid-on and midwicket;
4.1;3;Sanjaya to Klinger, 3 runs back of a length on off, tucked away past midwicket. Asela runs back, chases, and hunts it down;
3.6;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run Kulasekara follows the slower one with a yorker, which is squeezed away through square leg;
3.5;4;Kulasekara to Klinger, FOUR runs just clears Tharanga at mid-off. Kulasekara slips in the slower ball from the back of the hand on the leg stump, Klinger, having backed away outside leg, manufactures enough pace and hoists it over a leaping mid-off;
3.4;1;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 run full and angled in on off, flicked away to midwicket for one;
3.3;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run just short of a good length on off, Klinger makes room by stepping away outside leg. Pushed to mid-off again;
3.2;1;Kulasekara to Finch, 1 run overpitched on middle, drilled to mid-off. Finch chances a single and makes it. SL needed a direct hit to make it tight;
3.1;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run 108ks slower ball on off, the batsman backs away outside leg and jabs to mid-off. Sandakan, I think, tidies up;
2.6;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run back of a length on off, punchily played to cover;
2.5;4;Sanjaya to Klinger, FOUR runs shot. A whirl of the wrists sends the ball to the wide long-on fence. A bit too full and outside off, whipped away to the left of diving short midwicket;
2.4;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run back of a length and skids through outside off, Klinger aims for swish across the line, but does not connect;
2.3;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run Klinger uses his feet, does not meet the pitch of this back of a length ball, and pokes to cover. He looks for a quick single, it isn't there;
2.2;1;Sanjaya to Finch, 1 run back of a length and angled in on middle, 126.1ks, clipped away to deep square leg;
2.1;1;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 run back of a length and angled in straight, maneuvered to short fine leg on the back foot;
1.6;2;Kulasekara to Finch, 2 runs back of a length and slanted in, flicked to the deep with the angle;
1.5;4;Kulasekara to Finch, FOUR runs thigh-high full-toss, Finch does not need any second invitations. He goes over the top of short midwicket and beats mid-on to his right. Duly put away;
1.4;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run Finch backs away outside the leg stump, this is a yorker on off stump. Finch manages to dig the ball out to cover;
1.3;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run short and outside off, Finch stands up tall and punches the ball crisply, but can't beat extra cover;
1.2;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run Klinger uses his feet, Kulasekara pulls his length back on off. Klinger check-pushes it to cover;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Klinger, no run just short of a good length and outside off, Klinger leans back and cuts it straight to backward point;
0.6;3;Malinga to Klinger, 3 runs slower one - 115.1ks - half-volley outside off, Klinger waits on it and square-drives it away;
0.5;?;Malinga to Klinger, no run back of a length on off, skids on, 134.3ks, the bat thuds into the splice twice. The ball rolls to cover;
0.4;2;Malinga to Klinger, 2 runs full and veering into the pads, 135.9ks, Klinger picks it off through square leg and gets off the mark;
0.3;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run back of a length on off, 134.3ks, Malinga has Finch hopping and skipping again. Punched down to mid-on for one;
0.2;?;Malinga to Finch, no run back of a length on off, 132.5ks, Finch jumps off the ground and fends the ball to short midwicket;
0.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run Malinga slings it into the thigh of Finch, 131.3ks, he shuffles across and does not connect with a flick;

7.40pm Steven Smith has opened the India tour with a hundred v India A in Mumbai. Our scorecard will be updated shortly. Klinger walks out to open with his captain Finch in Melbourne. Malinga takes the new ball for SL. He struck in his first over v PM's XI. He runs in from over the wicket
7.10pm Upul Tharanga wins his first toss as Sri Lanka T20I captain and chooses to bowl first.
Australia XI: Finch (capt.), Klinger, Head, Henriques, Turner, Paine, Faulkner, Cummins, Zampa, Stanlake, Tye.
Sri Lankan XI: Dickwella, Malinga, Munaweera, Tharanga (capt.), Gunaratne, Prasanna, Sanjaya, Siriwardana, Kapugedara, Kulasekara, Sandakan
Gangamina: "Great thing about Klinger is his adaptability to be playing in all kinds of teams (except aus) in all formats in different countries and still keeping up with the complexity of the modern game specially for a guy who made his F.C. debut in 1998 is tremendous..."
Seamer Vikum Sanjaya, who impressed with three wickets in the tour game, makes his international debut for Sri Lanka. He specialises in moving the ball away from the right-handers, according to his ESPNcricinfo profile. And Malinga is baaaaak!
7.05pm Three T20I debutants for Australia: Klinger, Stanlake and Turner.
Former Australia captain Michael Clarke tweets: "Congratulations boys. Very happy for my Australian under 19s captain M Klinger. A great guy who deserves this opportunity"
joseph: " kusal mendis should have a fixed batting position. He was been pushed up and down the order often in the recent past."
7pm About ten minutes to go for the toss. Why not catch up with Brydon Coverdale's preview.
Lucki: "Nice selection by the SL selectors. Not sure though Malinga is playing at his best for SL. May be good warm-up before the IPL."
Ranjith: "100% sure with the captaincy of Tharanga SL will do their best and they will show SL cricket is still alive."
6.40pm Lasith Malinga, who last played an international in February 2016, is set to return. Michael Klinger, who was part of Australia's squad at the Under-19 World Cup in 1997-98, meanwhile, is set for his international debut at 36.
"It was hard to keep the tears away" was Klinger's reaction after the call-up.
Manjul Saha: "Mr Dez.... Why? Why do you want that Klinger should be left out? Hasn't he waited enough ?"
Navin: "For those who were following BBL probably know that this is a fine Australian T20 team."
Dez: "What's the bets that despite being in the squad, Klinger is still left out of the playing XI, just to drag it out a bit longer?? Hoping he does get the game though. :)" -- Cheeky? Klinger is expected to make his debut. It could be a great evening for him.
sam: "Nice to see that Australia can manage to have 2 good teams at the same time, while SL still struggling to find their best, stable XI. Anyway, I hope this series will be the turnaround for SL cricket. Tharanga seems positive, Malinga is back with some powe- hitters, youngsters are settling, experience from the SA tour.. this combination will give a good competition to Aus at their home."
Sithum Kumarath: "Is it possible for same international team to feature two matches at same time?" --- Well, strange things can happen in cricket
6.30pm Good evening, everyone. Welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the first T20 international between Australia and Sri Lanka. An Australian team, with top players, led by Steven Smith's half-century has progressed to 129 for 2 against India A in Mumbai. Trust me. Another Australian team, with largely second-string players, is set to take on Sri Lanka, who tuned up with a thumping win over Prime Minister's XI on Wednesday.
 Innings Start
11.18pm Kapugedara, the comeback man, pumps his fist and celebrates with Prasanna. Sri Lanka go 1-0 up. Tharanga nicked behind for a duck, but Dickwella and Munaweera power-hit their way to a 74-run stand to set a strong platform, Asela launched from there and eventually Kapugedara sealed it. In hindsight, Finch could have opted for Head's offspin rather than bringing Stanlake back after he had conceded a 24-run over or used Turner more on this sluggish track.
Finch: Credit to the Sri Lankans. They came out swinging and attacked the chase. When you have the power to hit down the ground and also scoop over the keeper, it is tough to bowl to. I thought Turner gave us a chance there, but unfortunately it did not go our way. I thought we were a bit short. We lacked maybe a 15-plus over. There were a lot of positives too and I am looking forward to Geelong.
Tharanga: Thanks to the Sri Lankan supporters. We have beaten South Africa and Australia - one of the best teams in the world - and it is a good feeling. All the batters enjoyed the game. Fielding is the area where we have to improve. The bowlers, though, did well to keep them to 168.
Asela Gunaratne is the Player of the Match
That is all we have for you from this match. Dan Brettig's report will tell you the full story. Until next time, goodbye and good night.
19.6;4;Tye to Kapugedera, FOUR runs Kapugedara does it for Sri Lanka! Too full and outside off, he creams a drive through the covers and seals victory for the visitors;
19.5;2;Tye to Kapugedera, 2 runs slower short ball outside off, Kapu drags it over midwicket and hares across for the second. Wayward throw from the deep. Udana jumps off his seat in the SL dressing room. Kapu punches gloves with his partner;
19.4;1;Tye to Prasanna, 1 run 116.8ks, slower short ball on the off stump, attempts a pull and squirts a bottom-edge to cover;
19.3;1;Tye to Kapugedera, 1 run hip-high short ball on middle and leg, pulled away to long leg;
19.2;1b;Tye to Prasanna, 1 bye 118.2ks, shortish slower ball again. Prasanna pulls early again and can't touch it. Paine quickly hunts the ball down. The pair eye a bye. Paine ferries the ball to Tye, the bowler, who swipes the bails, but Prasanna is in;
19.1;?;Tye to Prasanna, no run 115.8ks slower short ball outside off, Prasanna swings early and can't touch it;
18.6;1lb;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 leg bye 110.8ks slower ball on middle and leg, he eyes up the leg side and misses. The ball grazes the thigh and rolls to the off side;
18.5;1;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 1 run full-toss outside off, flashed to deep backward point;
18.4;?;Faulkner to Kapugedera, no run more back of the hand stuff outside off, beats the cut;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run full on middle and leg, tickled to short fine leg;
18.3;1w;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 wide back of the hand slower one again, this is too wide outside off. Past the tramline. Prasanna swishes and does not connect;
18.2;1;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 1 run hip-high slower ball on the leg stump, pulled in the air over midwicket;
18.1;1;Faulkner to Prasanna, 1 run back of the hand slower ball outside off, 107ks, the batsman drives early and outside-edges it in front of the keeper;
17.6;1;Turner to Prasanna, 1 run dragged down outside off, slapped away to sweeper cover on the back foot;
17.5;4;Turner to Prasanna, FOUR runs short and angled across off, square-cut away. Sweeper runs (Henriques) across to his left, slides, and ends up escorting the ball to the boundary;
17.4;?;Turner to Prasanna, no run fizzing across off, beats the outside edge;
17.3;W;Turner to Siriwardana, OUT Two wickets in three balls for the debutant. Pushed through flatter and quicker, Siriwardana plays back and is pinned in front of leg stump. Was it heading down leg? I am sure this is missing the stumps. The umpire doesn't think so, and raises his finger. The tracker suggests it was heading down;Milinda Siriwardana lbw b Turner 15 (35m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 136.36;
17.2;1;Turner to Kapugedera, 1 run full and attacking the front pad, worked away through square leg;
17.1;W;Turner to Gunaratne, OUT Stumping chance. This looks tight. Sliding across off from around the stumps. Asela, stretching forward, attempts a reverse-sweep and misses. He loses his balance, and can't ground his bat in time. Good awareness from Paine. Maiden international wicket for Turner;Asela Gunaratne st ?Paine b Turner 52 (41m 37b 7x4 0x6) SR: 140.54;
16.6;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run short and cramps Asela for room. Pulled down to long leg;
16.5;1;Cummins to Siriwardana, 1 run short of a length and outside off, 144.9ks, hurries Siriwardana for pace. The top-edged pull lands safely in the square-leg region;
16.4;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run very full on the stumps, a whirl of the wrists sends the ball to deep midwicket;
16.3;4;Cummins to Gunaratne, FOUR runs four boundaries in six balls for Asela. Short of a length and outside off, Asela ramps it in the air to the right of deep third man now. Celebrates his maiden T20I fifty;
16.2;?;Cummins to Gunaratne, no run Asela jumps outside the leg stump, this banged short on the stumps, fizzes through to Paine;
16.1;4;Cummins to Gunaratne, FOUR runs wide yorker outside off, 145ks, Asela angles it away fine of deep third man. SL cruising;
15.6;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run leading edge, does not carry to mid-off. Full ball, holds up in the pitch or probably a slower ball. Asela looks to work it to the leg side, ends up chipping it straighter;
15.5;4;Faulkner to Gunaratne, FOUR runs back-of-the-hand slower ball, too full on the leg stump, easily glanced away with fine leg inside the circle. Placed square of the fielder;
15.4;4;Faulkner to Gunaratne, FOUR runs Asela makes room again, back of a length and outside off, he carves again, this time in the air to the right of backward point;
15.3;2;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 2 runs fuller and outside off, Asela makes room and carves it away square through the off side;
15.2;2;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 2 runs just short of a good length and outside off, drags a pull to wide long-on;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Gunaratne, no run Asela is floored. Man down. He attempts a reverse-swat, this skiddy back of a length ball hits him on the box;
14.6;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run Asela ventures outside leg again, Cummins sends down a wide yorker, which is carved to deep third man;
14.5;?;Cummins to Gunaratne, no run length ball outside off, slower one, Asela can't ramp it behind;
14.4;4;Cummins to Gunaratne, FOUR runs Asela steps away outside leg, Cummins does not get hold of the wide yorker. This is too full and outside off, slices it up and over backward point;
14.3;?;Cummins to Gunaratne, no run dragged short and outside off, swatted on the back foot straight to midwicket;
14.2;1;Cummins to Siriwardana, 1 run really full ball on the leg stump, clipped away through midwicket;
14.1;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run pitched up and outside off, opens the face and runs the ball down to deep third man;
13.6;?;Tye to Siriwardana, no run 117ks full slower ball outside off, hoodwinks Siriwardana, who was aiming downtown again;
13.5;4;Tye to Siriwardana, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Siriwardana sits deep in the crease, and tonks it straight of mid-off;
13.4;1;Tye to Gunaratne, 1 run backs away outside leg, this is short, chasing him. Slashed in the direction of point;
13.3;4;Tye to Gunaratne, FOUR runs short on the leg stump, helped over the keeper's head;
13.2;?;Tye to Gunaratne, no run Tye retorts with a slippery short ball outside off, Asela shelves the hook;
13.1;4;Tye to Gunaratne, FOUR runs Shot. Asela runs down the track, meets a half-volley, and drives it in the air to the left of mid-off. Pristine timing;
12.6;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run backs away outside leg and flashes the ball to sweeper cover. Impressive spell from Zampa;
12.5;3;Zampa to Siriwardana, 3 runs tossed up and spins away outside off, googly. Siriwardana throws his bat at the ball and slices an outside edge over short third man;
12.4;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run;
12.3;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run tossed up and outside off, Siriwarana drives inside-out over the covers;
12.2;2;Zampa to Siriwardana, 2 runs short and outside off, dragged in the air to the right of Finch now;
12.1;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run Finch throws himself to his left and nearly pulls off a stunner. Half-tracker on off stump, pulled away in the air. Finch dives swiftly at short midwicket but it does not stick. He saved three runs there;
11.6;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run short on leg stump, Asela swivels on the back foot and controls a pull to long leg;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Siriwardana, 1 run wicket-to-wicket stuff, dabbed to cover with soft hands;
11.4;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run full on middle and leg, paddled away fine;
11.3;1;Faulkner to Siriwardana, 1 run fractionally short on off stump, Siriwardana powers a pull to deep midwicket on the back foot;
11.2;1lb;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 leg bye Asela ventures across off, misses the sweep, and takes it on the pad outside the line;
11.1;?;Faulkner to Gunaratne, no run fullish on off stump, tapped to midwicket;
10.6;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run tossed on off, tip-and-run single to cover;
10.5;1;Zampa to Siriwardana, 1 run worked from off stump to midwicket;
10.4;W;Zampa to Munaweera, OUT Zampa produces another breakthrough. Hip-high ball, half-tracker, on off stump, Munaweera pulls it flat to midwicket. Head-high catch for Finch. Munaweera played a half-hearted shot. Should have given it a proper thump. Wristspinners having a good day in Melbourne;Dilshan Munaweera c Finch b Zampa 44 (42m 29b 6x4 0x6) SR: 151.72;
10.3;2;Zampa to Munaweera, 2 runs skids on off stump, no turn at all, leans back and cuts it crisply through backward point, to short third man's right. Just a single. Lax running;
10.2;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run non-turning full ball on middle and leg, clipped through midwicket;
10.1;?;Zampa to Gunaratne, no run uses his feet, and nearly yorks himself. Squirted on the pitch;
9.6;1;Stanlake to Gunaratne, 1 run full and angled into the leg stump, deflected to fine leg;
9.6;1w;Stanlake to Gunaratne, 1 wide banged in short and down leg, left alone, wide;
9.5;2;Stanlake to Gunaratne, 2 runs shortish on off, swatted away to long leg;
9.4;1;Stanlake to Munaweera, 1 run back of a length and outside off now, Munaweera steps away and punches it stylishly over cover;
9.3;1;Stanlake to Gunaratne, 1 run keeps it short on off, worked away behind square on the leg side for one;
9.2;?;Stanlake to Gunaratne, no run short on off, bursts off the pitch and thuds into the splice as the ball rolls to cover;
9.1;2;Stanlake to Gunaratne, 2 runs starts of with a 140ks short ball on off, swatted away through square leg;
8.6;1;Zampa to Gunaratne, 1 run looks like a googly, comes in, tickled away towards short fine leg;
8.5;W;Zampa to Dickwella, OUT quick fizzer angled across the off stump. Dickwella looks to flick it over midwicket. He can only lob a leading edge into the hands of Klinger at short third man;Niroshan Dickwella c Klinger b Zampa 30 (38m 25b 4x4 1x6) SR: 120;
8.4;4;Zampa to Dickwella, FOUR runs pushed through on middle, Dickwella stretches forward and reverse-swats it away from the stumps over a ducking square leg umpire. That's some shot;
8.3;1;Zampa to Munaweera, 1 run slides on off, slogged to wide long-on;
8.2;?;Zampa to Munaweera, no run dropped short and spins away outside off, chopped to point;
8.1;1;Zampa to Dickwella, 1 run tossed on the leg stump, knocked to vacant mid-on;
7.6;1;Turner to Dickwella, 1 run shimmies out, meets a full ball on off, and dinks it into the vacant spaces on the leg side. Attempts a double, but has to settle with one;
7.5;1;Turner to Munaweera, 1 run short of a length and angling across off, slapped away to deep cover;
7.4;1;Turner to Dickwella, 1 run full on off, uses his feet and whips to deep midwicket;
7.3;?;Turner to Dickwella, no run reverse-swept from middle stump to short third man;
7.2;1;Turner to Munaweera, 1 run scoops a full ball in the air, but it drops in front of short fine leg;
7.1;2;Turner to Munaweera, 2 runs flat and full on the leg stump, swept away square of short fine leg;
6.6;1;Zampa to Munaweera, 1 run uses his feet and shovels a full ball to long-on;
6.5;?;Zampa to Munaweera, no run skiddy short ball on middle, punchily played on the back foot to cover;
6.4;2;Zampa to Munaweera, 2 runs slower legbreak outside off, Munaweera uses his feet. He reaches out and drives it past a diving cover;
6.3;1;Zampa to Dickwella, 1 run goes low and paddles a single to short fine leg for one;
6.2;?;Zampa to Dickwella, no run pitches outside leg, spins, dips, and hits the pad. He did not pick the googly;
6.1;1;Zampa to Munaweera, 1 run starts off with a slider on middle, which is punched to the covers;
5.6;1;Tye to Munaweera, 1 run yorker on middle, jabbed out to cover;
5.5;?;Tye to Munaweera, no run full-toss on off, pushed down to mid-off;
5.4;4;Tye to Munaweera, FOUR runs full and veering into the pads, Munaweera picks it up and whips it over short fine leg. The runs continue to flow for SL;
5.3;2;Tye to Munaweera, 2 runs length ball on leg stump, clubbed away over backward square leg;
5.2;?;Tye to Munaweera, no run short and seams back in, edged behind to the keeper;
5.1;4;Tye to Munaweera, FOUR runs full and outside off, comes down the track, and carves a slower ball off an outside edge to the third man fence;
4.6;?;Faulkner to Dickwella, no run full slower ball from the back of the hand, Dickwella steps away outside leg, swings and only connects with thin air;
4.5;1;Faulkner to Munaweera, 1 run one slower ball too many? Munaweera sits deep in the crease, waits for it, and pulls over square leg;
4.4;?;Faulkner to Munaweera, no run another slower ball outside off, beats the slash of Munaweera;
4.3;?;Faulkner to Munaweera, no run 112.8ks, back of the hand slower ball outside off, Munaweera wafts and misses. Beaten by the change of pace;
4.2;4;Faulkner to Munaweera, FOUR runs Munaweera dashes down the track, meets a half-volley, and drives it powerfully straight of mid-off;
4.1;?;Faulkner to Munaweera, no run full on off, pushed back to the bowler;
3.6;6;Stanlake to Dickwella, SIX runs when it comes off, it looks incredible. Good length and outside off, he pre-meditates, goes low, and shovel-scoops it over short fine leg. It goes all the way. SL pillage 24 off the over;
3.6;5w;Stanlake to Dickwella, 5 wide wild short ball on the leg stump, flies over the scoop, flies over a leaping Paine;
3.5;?;Stanlake to Dickwella, no run good length and slanting away outside off, 145ks, too quick. Dickwella is beaten on the scoop. The brushes the helmet and carries to the keeper;
3.4;1;Stanlake to Munaweera, 1 run Munaweera flits around the crease again. Flashed down to third man;
3.3;4;Stanlake to Munaweera, FOUR runs three fours in a row for Munaweera. Four in a row for SL. He backs away outside leg, this is short on middle. He muscles it over extra-cover;
3.2;4;Stanlake to Munaweera, FOUR runs Munaweera backs away outside leg, and smears this length ball from outside off over cover;
3.1;4;Stanlake to Munaweera, FOUR runs half-volley on the stumps, which is belted straight past the bowler for four;
2.6;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs Dickwella moves outside leg again, takes this length ball on leg stump - 146ks - and pastes it over midwicket;
2.5;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run Dickwella moves outside leg and jams this yorker on leg stump;
2.4;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run Dickwella continues to venture outside the leg stump, this one leaps off the deck, and flies through to Paine;
2.3;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run Dickwella jumps outside leg, this is a 148.8ks yorker on middle. Dickwella manages to jam it out;
2.2;3;Cummins to Munaweera, 3 runs back of a length and outside off, flat-batted away to cover;
2.1;?;Cummins to Munaweera, no run 142.7ks, length and outside off, whistles past the outside edge;
1.6;?;Stanlake to Dickwella, no run good length ball on middle, Dickwella goes low, pre-meditates a scoop. Think he got a bit of glove on it, does not carry to the keeper anyway;
1.5;4;Stanlake to Dickwella, FOUR runs 140ks bouncer, aimed at the throat of Dickwella. He is unperturbed. He swats a pull over square leg;
1.4;?;Stanlake to Dickwella, no run;
1.3;4;Stanlake to Dickwella, FOUR runs Dickwella moves away outside leg, Stanlake follows him with a back of a length ball, which is swished over midwicket;
1.2;?;Stanlake to Dickwella, no run Dickwella backs away outside leg and jabs to cover;
1.1;?;Stanlake to Dickwella, no run full and pings the pad in front of leg stump. I don't think it straightened enough. Stanlake's lbw appeal is nipped in the bud. Did that pitch outside leg too? The tracker returns three reds;
1.1;1w;Stanlake to Dickwella, 1 wide another leg-side wide;
1.1;1w;Stanlake to Dickwella, 1 wide starts off with a wild leg-side wide. Paine makes a sprawling save behind the stumps;
0.6;W;Cummins to Upul Tharanga, OUT Tharanga is rattled by pace. Nicked behind for a duck. Pace like fire, 146ks, swings away around off. Opens 'em up. Tharanga wafts and Paine gobbles up the edge;Upul Tharanga c ?Paine b Cummins 0 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.5;3;Cummins to Dickwella, 3 runs Dickwella jumps outside leg and pierces the gap at point. Head runs after the ball, dives at the edge of the boundary, and swats the ball in. Excellent fielding;
0.4;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run Dickwella shuffles across off, this is shortish and down the leg side. Dickwella misses the scoop. Why isn't that a leg-side wide? Not called;
0.3;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run Dickwella backs away outside leg, this is a 146ks missile in middle stump, he manages to diffuse it to cover;
0.2;1lb;Cummins to Upul Tharanga, 1 leg bye leg-stump ball, flicked away square through the leg side;
0.1;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run length ball on leg stump, Dickwella backs away, punches to cover, and hares across to the other end;

9.40pm Hello again. Pat Cummins takes the new ball. Dickwella and Tharanga are the openers for SL. One slip in place
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
1st T20I (N), Melbourne, Feb 17 2017, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
168/6
172/5
Player of the match is Asela Gunaratne, SL
Sri Lanka won by 5 wickets
