Data
Pakistan need 177 to win The last team to beat Australia in a World Cup have a fantastic opportunity to do it again. Australia were strangely tentative with the bat but before Pakistan fans celebrate too early, the pitch is touch on the slow side so the total is worth a little more. Not much though! Remember the winner tops Group A to set up a quarter-final date with West Indies, in all probability. Andrew McGlashan can tell you all about it in his bulletin and during the break I'm sure Pakistan fans would like to have their say on the Facebook page.
46.4;W;Umar Gul to Lee, OUT that's it! Australia slump to 176 all out - their lowest since 1992. Pakistan have a celebratory huddle! Lee aimed a swipe but it got high on the bat and looped to mid-off;Brett Lee c Misbah-ul-Haq b Umar Gul 5 (11m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
46.3;?;Umar Gul to Lee, no run yorker followed by a short ball followed by a stare! Excellent bowling, this climbed past Lee;
46.2;?;Umar Gul to Lee, no run that's the delivery that he's famed for! It snakes back so late homing in on the toes. Lee desperately clamps a bat down in time;
46.1;?;Umar Gul to Lee, no run this isn't a yorker but it's quick on a length, moving away and carefully blocked to cover;
45.6;?;Afridi to Tait, no run full, flat, spearing yorker. Tait manages to jab a bat down;
45.5;W;Afridi to Smith, OUT Afridi strikes! Smith backs away to a googly that follows him and it crashes into middle stump;Steven Smith b Shahid Afridi 25 (46m 32b 1x4 0x6) SR: 78.12;
45.4;1;Afridi to Lee, 1 run googly finds the gloves as Lee defends with very low hands, there are no slips in place or catchers up to the crease so Lee can feel safe;
45.4;1w;Afridi to Lee, 1 wide speared a long way down the leg side;
45.3;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run little bit short but it's quickly onto the batsman who flips a single towards midwicket;
45.2;?;Afridi to Smith, no run prodded back to the bowler;
45.1;?;Afridi to Smith, no run the field comes in and Smith picks out cover;
44.6;?;Umar Gul to Lee, no run this one nips away and past an enquiring outside edge. Much better over from Gul that;
44.5;?;Umar Gul to Lee, no run hooping, late reverse-swing at a full length would have burst through but for Lee's inside edge;
44.4;4;Umar Gul to Lee, FOUR runs ooh, a second slip would have had it. As it is the outside edge flew wide of first slip and skimmed to the ropes. 200 must be Australia's target;
44.3;W;Umar Gul to Krejza, OUT there it is! The Umar Gul inswinging yorker strikes again. Why did he wait so long? Krejza backed away to give himself room to pierce the off side but he missed and the stumps were shattered instead;Jason Krejza b Umar Gul 7 (22m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.84;
44.2;?;Umar Gul to Krejza, no run better, much better. More intent on this Gul delivery, firing it in fuller and sliding into Smith who couldn't work it away;
44.1;2;Umar Gul to Krejza, 2 runs much too short and much too wide, this is poor stuff from Gul and Australia just building a decent run of play here. Krejza cuts out in front of deep cover for a couple;
37.6;?;Abdur to Johnson, no run subtle turn from outside the left-hander's off stump. Blocked solidly;
37.5;?;Abdur to Johnson, no run solidly forward, and defended to cover;
37.4;W;Abdur to Hussey, OUT that's as soft as a baby possum. Hussey hardly got to the pitch of that one, and lobbed a simple chance to short midwicket. The two-paced wicket might take some of the blame, but that was poor from such an experienced campaigner;Michael Hussey c Misbah-ul-Haq b Abdur Rehman 12 (29m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
37.3;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run reverse sweep, doesn't connect;
37.2;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run tucked down to long on;
37.1;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run chiselled from outside off to midwicket. Another single;
36.6;1;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, 1 run bashed down to long-on, another single to end another tight over;
36.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run drilled hard, more of a square drive than a cut, but point pouched it in an instant. Pakistan are so alert today!;
36.4;?;Abdul Razzaq to Hussey, no run beaten! That cut straight through Hussey, who was lucky not to inside-edge onto his own stumps;
36.3;1;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, 1 run excellent work once again from Pakistan. A quick pick-up at mid-on, and the shy from Younis hits the stumps. Not much excitement though, as Smith is well home;
36.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run forward cautiously and defended;
36.1;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run bounce from nowhere for Razzaq. Smith removes one hand from the handle to ride the lift on that one;
43.6;?;Afridi to Smith, no run slower from Afridi, Smith guides to short third man;
43.5;?;Afridi to Smith, no run Smith ambles up the wicket and aims a whip to leg. Defeated by a touch of spin;
43.4;2;Afridi to Smith, 2 runs dragged down a touch short and cut firmly out to deep point;
43.3;1;Afridi to Krejza, 1 run carefully worked away, much quicker delivery;
43.2;?;Afridi to Krejza, no run this is held back a touch and pushed into space;
43.1;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run Afridi brings himself back into the attack and almost squeezes through the defence but it bobbles off an edge;
42.6;1;Umar Gul to Smith, 1 run strange, only one yorker from that Gul over. This is a length delivery again and steered to third man;
42.5;4;Umar Gul to Smith, FOUR runs wow, this ferociously good timing this. Offered width Smith somehow ended up in a very conventional position to drive and it flew through the covers;
42.4;1;Umar Gul to Krejza, 1 run this is a better ball, though curiously back of a length again. Krejza drops it to cover to exchange a single with Smith;
42.3;?;Umar Gul to Krejza, no run slip in place for Krejza but Gul admonishes himself for shoving down a short and wide one. Krejza is equally annoyed for missing it;
42.2;1;Umar Gul to Smith, 1 run no swing from this length, hammered short and Smith jumps tall to drop by his feet and scoot for one;
42.1;1;Umar Gul to Krejza, 1 run already some reverse swing, dipping into the batsman at 146kph. Some horrid stick-a-foot-out-and-hope fielding from Afridi gifts a single. He then stretches to take everyone's mind off what happens;
35.6;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run good aggression from the Pakistanis, a quick pick-up at short midwicket and a sharp shy to keep the non-striker honest;
35.5;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run tip and run from Smith, who finds space at point and scampers through;
35.4;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run Hussey uses his feet, and eludes the diving Misbah at short midwicket;
35.3;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run on the pads, flicked to midwicket;
35.2;?;Abdur to Smith, no run;
35.1;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run pushed to midwicket, where Misbah again flings himself as if he's in the first flush of youth;
34.6;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run an eventful introduction from the evergreen Razzaq. How long has he been around now?;
34.5;2;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, 2 runs a hard-handed poke outside off, the slip was there but he couldn't get close, though third man tidies up;
34.4;W;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, OUT that was coming all the way through that over. Clarke didn't look happy at Razzaq's box of tricks, and an attempted pull somehow wriggles through the stroke to dislodge the off bail;Michael Clarke b Abdul Razzaq 34 (59m 48b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.83;
34.3;?;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, no run poked in the air, straight back past the bowler, who nearly brushes his fingers on the ball as it thuds into the non-striker's stumps;
34.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, no run defended with a hop into line, might have kept a bit low but Clarke hammed it up a touch;
34.1;?;Abdul Razzaq to Clarke, no run clear signs of a two-paced pitch there, the ball died on impact and Clarke pulled at thin air;
41.6;1;Abdur to Krejza, 1 run toe-ended cut shot runs out to deep cover.;
41.5;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run carefully nudged to midwicket to bring Krejza, who has a first-class ton, on strike;
41.4;2;Abdur to Smith, 2 runs Smith down on one knee and this time manages to dink his sweep more effectively which, combined with smart running earns him a couple;
41.3;?;Abdur to Smith, no run Smith gets forward and defends with something approaching orthodoxy;
41.2;1;Abdur to Krejza, 1 run pushed away securely for a single;
41.1;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run ooh, Smith gets in a woeful tangle top-edging an attempted dip over the keeper. It looped probably 10 metres behind Kamran but he had no interest in going for it. Still, he's held a few today;
40.6;?;Abdul Razzaq to Krejza, no run Razzaq doing nothing more tricky than holding a line outside off stump. Where as this against Ross Taylor? Anyway, Krejza defends;
40.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Krejza, no run Krejza stabs down on a straight ball;
40.4;1;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, 1 run steered down to third man, Smith seems so pleased with the shot he held the pose. With a technique as ugly as his that's a brave move;
40.3;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run final 10 overs and Smith has to be very watchful and respectful in defence;
40.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run Razzaq finding some kind of indrift and Smith pokes to midwicket;
40.1;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run Smith is Australia's only hope. Imagine that. Pushed out to cover;
39.6;?;Abdur to Krejza, no run blocked out to point, and the Aussie struggle continues;
39.5;?;Abdur to Krejza, no run;
39.4;?;Abdur to Krejza, no run that beat everything, Akmal included. Missed stumping? Perhaps. Akmal's day had been too good to last;
39.3;?;Abdur to Krejza, no run defended back down the track;
39.2;?;Abdur to Krejza, no run poked to cover from deep in the crease;
39.1;1;Abdur to Smith, 1 run tapped into space to keep the score rolling;
38.6;?;Abdul Razzaq to Krejza, no run clear signs of reverse swing as Razzaq is really tearing in now. Defended solidly enough on off stump;
38.5;?;Abdul Razzaq to Krejza, no run attempted yorker, good thinking, but drifting a touch down the leg-side. Steered to midwicket;
38.4;W;Abdul Razzaq to Johnson, OUT outside off, nipping off the seam, grazing the edge, and Johnson is gone for a duck! The extra bounce did the trick, and Akmal's glovework has been as good as ... well, ever, probably;Mitchell Johnson c ?Kamran Akmal b Abdul Razzaq 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
38.3;1;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, 1 run back of a length but targeting off. Driven with that peculiar hard-handed style down to third man;
38.2;?;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, no run solidly forward, and defended;
38.1;2;Abdul Razzaq to Smith, 2 runs short, and spanked, up and over midwicket, but without much timing. Plops into no-man's land at cow corner;
33.6;1;Abdur to Clarke, 1 run another single threaded up to long-off. Australia living off scraps at the moment, just one boundary since Haddin's departure;
33.5;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run sits up a touch outside off, Hussey jabs through the gap at point;
33.4;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run driven out to midwicket;
33.3;?;Abdur to Hussey, no run open-faced steer to gully, but can't beat the field;
33.2;1;Abdur to Clarke, 1 run clipped down to long-on;
33.1;1;Abdur to Hussey, 1 run tapped to cover;
32.6;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run a soft-handed dab to cover. One more to the total;
32.5;?;Hafeez to Hussey, no run short and leg-sided. Hussey's ambitious smear doesn't come off as Akmal rushes round to field a deflection;
32.4;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run clipped uppishly through square leg. It's slow going out there;
32.3;2;Hafeez to Clarke, 2 runs good use of the feet to cut hard down to third man, but more sharp work on the boundary's edge saves four;
32.2;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run down the track but without much malice. Clipped to short midwicket;
32.1;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run round the wicket, and tucked off the hip;
31.6;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run one more scamper into the covers;
31.5;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run full toss, but Clarke is too entrenched to take full toll. A push to long-on;
31.4;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run "easy easy" is the call as Hussey cuts calmly to deep cover;
31.3;?;Afridi to Hussey, no run tapped out to cover, a good confident stride into the shot;
31.2;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run a measured push to long-on;
31.1;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run quicker delivery, strikes the thigh pad;
30.6;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run Clarke steps back into the crease and pushes a single to mid-on;
30.5;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run flicked off the toes to midwicket;
30.4;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run Clarke returns the compliment;
30.3;1;Hafeez to Hussey, 1 run pushed into the covers and an urgent, typically urgent, single;
30.2;?;Hafeez to Hussey, no run defended on the back foot;
30.1;W;Hafeez to Clarke, OUT chaos! White is run out in a terrible mix-up, a flick off the hip, Misbah swooped at short backward square, Akmal takes and the replay is conclusive!;Cameron White run out (Misbah-ul-Haq/?Kamran Akmal) 8 (22m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
29.6;?;Afridi to White, no run carefully defended to finish the over;
29.5;2;Afridi to White, 2 runs in the end it looks a good shot but White would have been worried for a moment as he lifted this high down towards long off;
29.4;?;Afridi to White, no run White tries to steal a single by dropping this towards point but he gets too much of it;
29.3;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run little bit too short and Clarke drags it to long-on;
29.2;1;Afridi to White, 1 run if Clarke is all wrists, White is all forearms and offered some width here bludgeons the ball down the ground;
29.1;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run again Clarke skips down the wicket and flicks to midwicket;
28.6;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run twinkle toes and quick wrists gets Clarke a single to long-on. When he plays well it's a treat watching Clarke play spin bowling;
28.5;1;Hafeez to White, 1 run big sweep heaved away this time, all along the ground to deep square;
28.4;?;Hafeez to White, no run White can't match his partner's skills and picks out a fielder;
28.3;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run good follow-up, keeping the strike ticking by pushing down the ground;
28.2;2;Hafeez to Clarke, 2 runs little bit short from the bowler and Clarke wheels away a pull shot;
28.1;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run this keeps a little low, and Hafeez is nothing if not straight to Clarke defends;
27.6;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run hint of spin from a shortish length, Clarke waits and then drives his bottom hand through the ball to send it from outside off stump down to long-on;
27.5;1;Afridi to White, 1 run good hands from White here, finally, as he nudges to deep square;
27.4;1;Afridi to Clarke, 1 run this time he does pick up a single, flicking into space;
27.3;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run Clarke is offered some width to drive at but is careful on the shot;
27.2;2;Afridi to Clarke, 2 runs touch shorter and quicker and Clarke is back in a flash flicking into the leg side for a couple;
27.1;?;Afridi to Clarke, no run starts well by tossing it up a little, Clarke pushes wide of the bowler is search of a single but Afridi scoots around;
26.6;?;Hafeez to White, no run White again clunks back to the bowler. Excellent work from Hafeez again;
26.5;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run Clarke is all wrists and quick feet as he picks off a single to deep square;
26.4;1lb;Hafeez to White, 1 leg bye unable to work singles White aims an almighty hack, can't connect but the ball springs off the pads for a single;
26.3;?;Hafeez to White, no run again White is pinned to the crease as he pushes to leg;
26.2;?;Hafeez to White, no run White's hard hands unable to work the ball and he clunks to mid-on;
26.1;?;Hafeez to White, no run nothing for White here as he pushes back to the bowler;
25.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, no run solid delivery to end the over, on a length at off stump and Clarke gives it the respect it deserves;
25.5;1;Wahab Riaz to White, 1 run good run to bring up the Australia 100. White drops to point with soft hands and scoots through for a single;
25.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 run Afridi fluffs a regulation stop at mid-off but it was always going to be a single;
25.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, no run far calmer on this occasion with Clarke flagging one through outside off;
25.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, no run poor shot this time, Wahab seems to have Clarke's beans going here. Just stood still and swiped across the line at fresh air;
25.1;4;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, FOUR runs the shot looks risky but really from this line - wide outside off - Clarke is safe. He flashed an expansive drive off a thickish edge that flew past the slip to the third-man boundary;
25.1;1w;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 wide Wahab is pounding in after his wicket and this is quick but the length and line is wrong;
24.6;?;Hafeez to White, no run ooh, doosra slides past a groping, flat-footed outside edge!;
24.5;?;Hafeez to White, no run carefully defended once more this time White got forward though;
24.4;?;Hafeez to White, no run White is hanging back in his crease and looks rushed as he blocks this;
24.3;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run ooh, this was a very tight single. Clarke picked out Misbah at midwicket and hared off for a single. A quicker pick-up and a direct hit would have gone but as it was Clarke was safe;
24.2;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run very carefully defended once more;
24.1;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run Hafeez is doing a fine, fine job here. Nothing fancy, just hitting lengths and lines and nowhere for Clarke to go;
23.6;?;Wahab Riaz to White, no run this is fuller, much fuller but outside off stump and ignored by White;
23.5;2;Wahab Riaz to White, 2 runs after the good delivery Wahab serves up an easy one on the pads for White to clip towards square leg for a couple;
23.4;W;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, OUT Wahab strikes and Australia are in trouble now! Akmal takes another catch! I between the dross Wahab has found some bounce and nibble and Haddin aimed a nothing steer to third man, got a faint edge and Kamran held on to the chance.;Brad Haddin c ?Kamran Akmal b Wahab Riaz 42 (102m 80b 3x4 1x6) SR: 52.5;
23.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run more secure this time by Haddin, getting in line to defend under his eyes;
23.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run Haddin flashes outside off stump and misses;
23.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 run too short from Wahab means Clarke can stand tall and run down to third man;
22.6;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run good work from Clarke here, skipping down the wicket and clipping to long-on;
22.5;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run ooh, flash and a miss outside off stump. Similar to the Ponting dismissal but Clarke is in form so misses. Such are the unwritten laws of the game;
22.4;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run Clarke whips to leg but picks out midwicket;
22.3;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run good work from Hafeez pinning Clarke to the crease;
22.2;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run clipped past a diving Umar at midwicket, who is disgusted with himself for missing;
22.1;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run very delicate from Haddin opening the face to steer to third man. Fairly ineffective though because there is a fielder there;
21.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run Haddin gets the slightest invitation of width and dabs down to third man;
21.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run that's more like it from Wahab, fuller, quicker and straighter. Earns a forward block for the effort;
21.5;1w;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 wide nonsense down the leg side. Doesn't look like Wahab can land six deliveries consistently;
21.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 run touch too wide and Clarke flashes a cut shot out to third man;
21.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, no run better delivery this time, back of a length around off stump. Blocked to cover;
21.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run this time there is width outside off and Haddin creams a drive to deep point;
21.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run Haddin wants a pop at Wahab I suspect, he's edging down the crease and winding up for a big shot but doesn't get the width he wants so only pushes back to the bowler;
20.6;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run the bounce and sprightliness seems to have returned to Clarke's set up at the crease. Even as he defends back to the bowler;
20.5;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run Clarke flicks firmly but straight to square leg;
20.4;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run this is far safer, pushed down to long-on;
20.3;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run ooh, Haddin advances and again is defeated by back of turn, thickish outside edge ran along the ground to point;
20.2;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run doosra, or possibly just one that didn't spin. Either way Haddin was very careful in defence;
20.1;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run Umar scoots around at midwicket to cut off a Haddin flick;
19.6;4;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke gets four when he so nearly could have gone! Loose shot really, aiming an airy drive to a shortish ball, flew off the inside edge close to the stumps and actually not all that far from the wicketkeeper before disappearing to the boundary;
19.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run too short this time and allows Haddin to turn a single to midwicket;
19.4;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run much better this over from Wahab. This is his best delivery yet, good length around off stump, Haddin was hanging back and had to jab his defence away;
19.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run looks like Haddin has set his stall out to bat through. Very watchful at the moment;
19.2;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run banged into the pitch short of a length. Haddin calmly stands tall to defend;
19.1;1lb;Wahab Riaz to Clarke, 1 leg bye starts a touch short and down the leg side, nibbled away behind square;
18.6;1;Hafeez to Clarke, 1 run carefully defended into the off side. Looked a touch uncertain as he did, getting a leading edge;
18.5;?;Hafeez to Clarke, no run bit of spin here for Hafeez back into Clarke who prods it to leg;
18.4;W;Hafeez to Ponting, OUT gone! Akmal has held a very good catch and Ponting has to go! Things really bubbling over here. Ponting went back to cut a ball which wasn't really there for it, got a thick edge that Akmal did well to hold. It was given not out originally, but rightly was overturned on review. While waiting for the third umpire to confirm the edge there was some verbal exchanges though between Haddin and the Pakistan fielders and plenty of chat as Ponting was sent on his way;Ricky Ponting c ?Kamran Akmal b Mohammad Hafeez 19 (57m 33b 2x4 0x6) SR: 57.57;
18.3;?;Hafeez to Ponting, no run careful defence from Ponting, he hasn't looked safe against Hafeez at all;
18.2;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run Haddin more calmly works a single;
18.1;1;Hafeez to Ponting, 1 run Misbah has dropped Ponting at square leg! Really hard sweep flew low to him and went straight through. Looked like a tough chance though;
17.6;1;Afridi to Ponting, 1 run nothing as ambitious this time from Ponting, instead easing his hands over the ball to flick to leg;
17.5;?;Afridi to Ponting, no run ah, nothing there for Ponting. He wanted to squeeze a cut away but it was too close to him for the shot;
17.4;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run Afridi is really tossing this up, clearly feels in good control and Haddin threads a single into space;
17.3;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run this time Haddin is more secure in defence;
17.2;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run ooh, the pressure almost told there. Attempting to run down to third man came off the bottom edge, onto the boot, very close to the stumps and almost to the keeper;
17.1;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run no timing here for Haddin as he slaps to point;
16.6;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run finally the single is taken as Haddin's flick goes wide of the bowler down to long-on;
16.5;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run tossed up outside off stump, Haddin stretches across to dab back to Hafeez;
16.4;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run prodded back to the bowler again, good run of dots being built;
16.3;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run hint of uncertainty as Haddin plays for spin that isn't there;
16.2;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run very careful from Haddin again, tapping back to the bowler;
16.1;?;Hafeez to Haddin, no run tight line around middle on a length and Haddin content to push it away;
15.6;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run googly to finish the over, plenty of overspin finds some extra bounce. Haddin is unperturbed and nudges around the corner;
15.5;1;Afridi to Ponting, 1 run more secure here for the batsman, full-facing a single down the ground;
15.4;?;Afridi to Ponting, no run huge appeal from bowler and keeper as Afridi slides one into Ponting's pads but a big, big stride prevented trouble;
15.3;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run touch more air here, Afridi tempting up outside off stump. Haddin eases into a drive to cover;
15.2;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run once again Haddin is full of respect, which is no common thing;
15.1;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run quick and flat, sliding into Haddin who hurriedly pushed to leg;
14.6;?;Hafeez to Ponting, no run carefully prodded back to the bowler;
14.5;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run;
14.4;1;Hafeez to Ponting, 1 run on the pads, turned through midwicket;
14.3;?;Hafeez to Ponting, no run;
14.2;?;Hafeez to Ponting, no run;
14.1;1;Hafeez to Haddin, 1 run;
13.6;4;Wahab Riaz to Ponting, FOUR runs over-pitched outside off this time, and that's Ponting at his best. Leaning into his cover-drive and piercing the field. He's getting into his stride now;
13.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run punched through point;
13.5;1w;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 wide that's a poor ball, Wahab is letting the noose slip now, with a wide down the leg side;
13.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Ponting, 1 run another single to keep the strike rotating;
13.3;4;Wahab Riaz to Ponting, FOUR runs that was a remarkable shot! Short, and badly beaten by sharp lift, and Ponting's late pull takes a fat top-edge and sails over the keeper's head for four!;
13.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run on the pads from Wahab, not quite the right line yet;
13.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run a flat-footed whoosh outside off stump. Half an appeal from Akmal;
12.6;?;Afridi to Ponting, no run Australia starting to pick up the tempo now, a few quick singles making themselves available through urgent calls and calm deflections;
12.5;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run sharp calling for a deflection into the gully;
12.4;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run flighted and defended on off stump. Good bounce in that topspinner;
12.3;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run;
12.2;4;Afridi to Haddin, FOUR runs belted, hard and straight. Not a lot of feet involved, not a lot needed. That fizzed onto the bat, and straight off again;
12.1;1;Afridi to Ponting, 1 run pushed into the gap to keep the strike rotating;
11.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run pushed down the track to mid-off. A bit of pressure released in that over;
11.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, no run probed into the gully;
11.4;2;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 2 runs on the pads again, Wahab's line isn't right just yet. A slide at square leg saves another four;
11.3;4;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, FOUR runs a valuable boundary, and with fine leg up, Wahab can't really bowl there, on the hips. Enough bat to beat the field;
11.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Ponting, 1 run short and pulled handsomely, off the front foot, but without a lot of power;
11.1;1;Wahab Riaz to Haddin, 1 run whippy delivery on off stump, Haddin jabs down into the gully and a sharp piece of fielding saves a run;
10.6;1;Afridi to Haddin, 1 run pushed firmly to cover. Pakistan in complete command at the moment. But they'll like a few wickets for their pressure;
10.5;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run the blade turns in the hands but midwicket tidies up. No angles for Australia to work with yet;
10.4;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run blocked solidly on off stump;
10.3;?;Afridi to Haddin, no run devious through the air, and zipping into a defensive push outside off;
10.2;1;Afridi to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, and driven compactly to cover;
10.1;?;Afridi to Ponting, no run a fraction short, and cut hard to point. Well stopped;
9.6;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run good areas, as they say. Pitching middle from wide on the crease, and straightening. Defended;
9.5;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run on the pads, poked to short midwicket;
9.4;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run tossed up towards the blockhole, defended again;
9.3;1;Abdur to Ponting, 1 run punched to long-on;
9.2;?;Abdur to Ponting, no run a hint of turn from middle stump. Straightens into a defensive push;
9.1;?;Abdur to Ponting, no run round the wicket, looped onto a good length, defended;
8.6;4;Umar Gul to Haddin, FOUR runs slower delivery, but too short, and Haddin's delayed pull has enough legs to go all the way. Australia needed that;
8.5;1;Umar Gul to Ponting, 1 run flicked round the corner again, to backward square;
8.4;?;Umar Gul to Ponting, no run hits the seam and jags back in, but that was doing too much. Good delivery though;
8.4;5w;Umar Gul to Ponting, 5 wide whoops. That was Gul's first show of aggression, and ropey as Akmal's keeping may be, he was never going to intercept that!;
8.3;1;Umar Gul to Haddin, 1 run slower ball, beautifully bowled, Ponting waits and dabs a single to mid-on;
8.2;?;Umar Gul to Haddin, no run advancing again, but still unable to thread the gap, Haddin's drive rolls to mid-off;
8.1;1lb;Umar Gul to Ponting, 1 leg bye on the pads, flicked to square leg. No bat involved;
7.6;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run fenced out to point, and the grind continues for the Aussies;
7.5;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run back on a better line;
7.5;1w;Abdur to Haddin, 1 wide poor ball, down the leg-side, and though it's a wide, Haddin missed out on an easy four as he swept at thin air;
7.4;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run punched into the covers, but there's nothing doing there;
7.3;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run blocked from the crease this time. Good metronomic work;
7.2;?;Abdur to Haddin, no run Haddin advances, but Rehman's line is too good. Forced to defend;
7.1;1;Abdur to Ponting, 1 run flicked out to square leg;
6.6;?;Umar Gul to Haddin, no run defended out to midwicket. Another unrelentingly accurate over from Gul;
6.5;?;Umar Gul to Haddin, no run another slower ball, and Ponting has to scamper for his ground as Haddin turns down a sharp single in the gully. That could have been tight;
6.4;1lb;Umar Gul to Ponting, 1 leg bye on the hip, flicked fine. Slim pickings so far against the wily Gul;
6.3;?;Umar Gul to Ponting, no run a loopy slower ball, cunningly bowled but Ponting picked it early and defended;
6.2;?;Umar Gul to Ponting, no run attacking off stump once again, Ponting's defences are tested again;
6.1;?;Umar Gul to Ponting, no run on the pads, whisked into the leg side, without much timing;

More than a third of Australia's runs have come from two deliveries ...
 Innings Start
Pakistan win by four wickets Umar can take a lot of credit for steering the chase home with an unbeaten 44. Shafiq set it up with a patient 46 but Brett Lee and Jason Krejza aside, Australia were impotent. Finally, after 34 games without defeat in the World Cup, Australia have been toppled. Intriguingly this sets up a likely clash between Australia and India in the quarters, while Pakistan will probably play West Indies. Andrew McGlashan will have plenty more in his bulletin and we also have a gallery. Amazing how simple Pakistan made it in the end. There is a man who deserves plenty of credit - Waqar Younis - and Osman Samiuddin has an excellent interview with him by. Plenty to savour and in time our YouTube channel will have interviews and whatnot so look out.
Ponting, in that typically Aussie way, describes his team's batting effort as 'ordinary'. It was a lot less than that. Afridi on the other hand is full of bounding energy and when asked to explain his dismissal, smiles broadly and pleads "don't ask! don't ask!". Ah, how can you not love that man!?
Umar is named man of the match for his unbeaten 44. Lee was probably the outstanding performer of the day but losers and losers. That's all from us - Sahil Dutta, Andrew Miller and Andrew McGlashan. India take on West Indies tomorrow which will decide the who plays who in the quarters.
40.6;4;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, FOUR runs that's it! Australia's proud undefeated run in World Cups finally comes to an end. Razzaq creams this through cover, calmly tucks his bat under his arm and walks off! Comfortable win in the end and Pakistan top the group!;
40.5;4;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, FOUR runs just one hit away now! Too short from Krejza and Razzaq gets deep into his crease to haul this through midwicket for four;
40.4;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run open-faced steer to point gives Umar a single and takes Pakistan even closer;
40.3;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run tossed up outside off but Umar's drive is careful;
40.2;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run driven off the back foot with the spin to mid-on;
40.1;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run finds really huge spin from a long way outside off, caught Umar by surprise but the batsman adjusted nicely to dab to point;
39.6;?;Lee to Abdul Razzaq, no run full-pitched to finish the over. Very straight too, but so was Razzaq's bat;
39.5;?;Lee to Abdul Razzaq, no run still more hostility from Lee! Bangs in a short ball that climbs past Razzaq and crashes into Haddin's gloves;
39.4;1;Lee to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower ball, or at least the pitch made it a slower ball. Umar waits, nudes to leg and jogs through;
39.3;1;Lee to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run smoothly driven through cover. Nine needed now and finally the heads are dropping. Ponting has been stroppy all tournament and looks thoroughly annoyed at the moment;
39.2;?;Lee to Abdul Razzaq, no run good line from Lee, around off stump. Razzaq drives loosely but without alarm;
39.1;?;Lee to Abdul Razzaq, no run ooh, already he's found something that Tait couldn't. It zips off the track and climbs past Razzaq's outside edge;
38.6;2b;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 2 byes the turn and bounce beats everyone, including Haddin. Just jumped from a length and Haddin couldn't collect cleanly;
38.5;1;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run Razzaq is attempting another cut and without quite timing it earns a single to cover;
38.4;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run flicked firmly down the ground for a riskless single;
38.3;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run Umar whips his bottom hand through the ball with the spin but picks out midwicket;
38.2;1;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run better this time, guiding the ball with a straight bat to cover;
38.1;?;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, no run ooh, bottom-edge lands close to the stumps but Razzaq survives;
37.6;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run flash and miss outside off! To be fair to Umar it was there to hit but for some reason he missed it;
37.5;2;Tait to Umar Akmal, 2 runs Tait lands a rapid yorker that Umar neatly, thoughtfully even, guides to third man for a well-run couple;
37.4;1;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run looked like an edge here! Fell just short of Haddin who fumbled the take to allow Razzaq through;
37.3;?;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, no run poor old Tait, he's busting his body to drag something out of the old ball and tired pitch but the short ball gets barely shin high;
37.2;?;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, no run this time Tait lands a quick one, sliding past the edge through to Razzaq;
37.2;1w;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 wide 18 to go as Tait slings a wide one outside off;
37.1;2;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 2 runs Tait and his off-colour day continues, full on the pads, Razzaq tickles a couple and the target is under 20 now!;
36.6;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run worked to leg this time, much safer. Umar has done so well to get this far, just needs to work the singles now;
36.5;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run flash and a miss outside off! Umar just losing concentration as the target nears;
36.4;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run tossed up and Umar stretches forward to defend;
36.3;1;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run worked with the spin into the leg side;
36.2;?;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, no run wow, sharp, biting spin from outside off bursts through the gate to trap Razzaq on the pads. Big appeal but it was going over;
36.1;?;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, no run much too short from Krejza but Razzaq misses out on the gift;
35.6;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run not sure he needed to try this, stepping outside off to hack to leg. Ended up bottom-edging and it trickles away;
35.5;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run banged in short again, this time Umar gets up on his toes to deftly block it to point;
35.4;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run having diced with death Umar reverts to discipline and leaves alone outside off;
35.3;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run ooh, Umar just rushed for pace here. Somehow Tait generated some life and a top-edged hook looped one-bounce to midwicket;
35.2;1;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run absolutely nothing here for Tait, it's like he's bowling into a sandpit. Razzaq wants to be terrified - hanging back desperately - but the ball takes an age to reach him;
35.1;?;Tait to Abdul Razzaq, no run goodness, this pitches and dies though to Haddin;
34.6;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run smart and sturdy defence from Umar;
34.5;1;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run Razzaq resists the temptation to swipe across the line and instead reaches for the textbook to drive a single to deep cover;
34.4;?;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, no run Razzaq pops forward to defend;
34.3;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run follows the boundary with a well-timed drive for a single. Pakistan fans will be breathing a little easier now;
34.2;4;Krejza to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs dragged down short and despite a lot of turn Umar waits, picks a gap and powerfully cuts for four. The cut to the spinners can be dangerous but Umar played it superbly;
34.1;1;Krejza to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run Krejza floats one up outside off and Razzaq steps confidently into a drive. Looks happier away from the pace;
33.6;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run Umar solidly behind this;
33.5;1;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run Razzaq has abandoned foot movement to play Johnson and looks all the more shaky for it. Dabbed without any conviction to midwicket;
33.4;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower ball that Umar spots and steers past point, there's a bit of mix-up between the batsmen but eventually they cross for a single;
33.3;1;Johnson to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run oh, inside edge to the rescue. Just. Razzaq hanging deep in his crease to a pitched-up inswinger. Dreadful shot really, deserved to be out but somehow landed a faint inside edge down to fine leg;
33.2;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run picked off the hip to square leg;
33.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run Johnson around the wicket to Umar, lands it outside off and Umar flags it through;
32.6;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run huge spin from outside off but Umar watches it carefully and keeps the strike by dabbing a single to midwicket;
32.5;W;Krejza to Afridi, OUT well, that was woefully predictable. Wearily predictable. Block, block, block, bust! Skips down the wicket, leans back and heaves. Not sure he bothered looking at the ball though and it went straight down long-on's throat;Shahid Afridi c Lee b Krejza 2 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
32.4;?;Krejza to Afridi, no run ooh, hint of leading edge sends it back to the bowler;
32.3;2;Krejza to Afridi, 2 runs oh dear, Afridi is more sensible than the Australian fielders here. Carefully steers a single before Johnson overthrows to make it two;
32.2;?;Krejza to Afridi, no run the crowd are heaving, expecting some Boom Boom. Instead Afridi pops forward and Boycotts a defence;
32.1;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run Krejza offers plenty of air to Umar but nothing silly attempted, that's the captain's job. Single nudged to midwicket;
31.6;W;Johnson to Shafiq, OUT a twist!? Surely not. But it is Pakistan, they're like England! Johnson removes the anchor Shafiq. Extra bounce clips the glove and heads towards slip, Haddin sprawls across to confuse the catcher but Watson's composure is intact and so it the catch!;Asad Shafiq c Watson b Johnson 46 (148m 81b 5x4 0x6) SR: 56.79;
31.5;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run couple of skips down the track but when he didn't get the half-volley he wanted Umar just nudged a single square of the wicket. That shot alone demonstrates how clearly he's thinking;
31.4;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run calmly driven, but straight to cover;
31.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run dropped into the leg side, huge cry of "nooo" from the batsman. It's been one of the rare innings where Umar has used his brains, today. And he looks indecently gifted when he does;
31.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run having reasoned he can't seem to play without missing outside off Umar decides he won't play at all;
31.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run the only thing that has troubled Umar has been half-volleys and short balls from Johnson, oddly. This is short and wide but he fresh-airs a swish;
30.6;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run Shafiq has played like a World Cup veteran in his second World Cup game;
30.5;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run tickled around the corner to exchange the strike;
30.4;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run now back to cautious defence, he's actually played this innings superbly;
30.3;6;Krejza to Umar Akmal, SIX runs didn't take Umar long! Sees the flight, dances down and hammers it up and over long-on for a maximum;
30.2;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run big spin here, starts outside off ends outside leg;
30.1;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run toss it up outside off, that's what. Somehow Umar resists all his most base temptation and blocks;
29.6;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run good delivery to finish, climbing towards off, and defended;
29.5;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run elegant drive, straight to cover;
29.4;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run flicked fine, square leg gathers;
29.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run outside off again;
29.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run outside off, and an almost comical leave-alone, given the flamboyance of the previous stroke;
29.1;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs that's how Umar plays! One step down the track and walloped up and over cow corner!;
28.6;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run a crashing cut, straight to Clarke at point. Well intercepted, because that was travelling;
28.5;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run a whistling bouncer, good decision to duck that one!;
28.4;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run big stride, solid defence. None shall pass;
28.3;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run squeezed to cover;
28.2;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run solid defence, right behind the line;
28.1;4;Tait to Shafiq, FOUR runs short, and that was ambitiously pulled, up and over midwicket. He needed a stepladder to play it comfortably, but fortune favoured the brave;
27.6;1;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 run edged but safe, down to third man;
27.5;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run this is an excellent over, Johnson's left-arm angle is cramping the Pakistanis' ambitions outside off;
27.4;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run excellent delivery, outside off, holds its line and bursts past the edge;
27.3;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run glided down to third man, just enough width to work with;
27.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run a teaser outside off, Umar has a thrash. And misses;
27.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run solid defence on the line of off stump. That was almost as exaggerated as Andrew Flintoff's leather-sniffing block;
26.6;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run low full toss, drilled into the gap at midwicket, Umar keeps the strike;
26.5;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run stands tall, and drives hard to cover;
26.4;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run humungous wind-up to a delivery that was fractionally outside off! That could have whizzed through midwicket. Instead it inside-edged onto his pads;
26.3;?;Tait to Umar Akmal, no run leg-stump line, not offering any room to swing the arms. Clipped to midwicket;
26.2;1;Tait to Shafiq, 1 run short again, outside off, dabbed off an under-edge out to gully. A sharp single brings Umar on strike, and the crowd shuffles forward in its seats ...;
26.1;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run short, but unthreatening. That's his one for the over;
25.6;1;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 run good running, a turn of the wrists and a quick call to short midwicket. Shafiq keeps the strike;
25.5;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run on the pads, clipped fine. Fine leg tidies up;
25.4;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs more width, and Umar reaches for that, and finds the middle of the bat. In the air, but clears the ring ...;
25.4;1w;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 wide outside off, left alone;
25.3;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs squeezed off the pads, in front of square. Two more valuable runs;
25.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run more swing for Johnson, and a limp poke outside off;
25.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run outside off, swinging late, a missed back-cut;
24.6;1;Lee to Umar Akmal, 1 run Lee pulls his length back for a decent rib-tickler, but a loose shy gifts Pakistan an overthrow - in fact it was Lee's errant boot which blasted the ball past the stumps!;
24.5;2;Lee to Umar Akmal, 2 runs whisked in the air through backward square. Umar wants to get this requirement gobbled up in a hurry, and it's probably not a bad policy;
24.4;4;Lee to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs battered! What a strike! Down on one knee, smeared on the up and through the covers! Fetch that;
24.3;?;Lee to Umar Akmal, no run attacking length once again, but Umar still had a lot of time to play his drive.;
24.2;1;Lee to Shafiq, 1 run attempted yorker comes out as a low full toss, punched to cover for an instant single;
24.1;?;Lee to Shafiq, no run full and straight again, defended;
23.6;1;Krejza to Shafiq, 1 run delicately dabbed round the corner, the sweep comes into play again;
23.5;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run down the leg side, but no wide called;
23.4;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run more orthodox this time;
23.3;1;Krejza to Umar Akmal, 1 run splatted out to cow corner, an agriculturally elegant slog-sweep. Somehow it went along the ground all the way ...;
23.2;?;Krejza to Umar Akmal, no run looped up, and driven hard to cover;
23.1;1;Krejza to Shafiq, 1 run down on the sweep, and paddled square;
22.6;?;Lee to Umar Akmal, no run good ball but not enough for the hat-trick, attacking the stumps, and Umar defends from deep in the crease;
22.5;W;Lee to Misbah, OUT two in two! Sensational bowling from Lee! Outside off, in the channel, just enough lift, and Misbah's loose poke finds a grazed edge to Haddin!;Misbah-ul-Haq c ?Haddin b Lee 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
22.4;W;Lee to Younis, OUT the change works! Younis has played a ropey dab outside off stump, a thin but undoubtable nick through to Haddin, and Australia have their opening!;Younis Khan c ?Haddin b Lee 31 (66m 42b 4x4 0x6) SR: 73.8;
22.3;1;Lee to Shafiq, 1 run flicked from a leg-stump line, another single to the cause;
22.2;?;Lee to Shafiq, no run back of a length again, defended to cover;
22.1;1;Lee to Younis, 1 run banged in short but straight, fenced down to third man;
21.6;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run tossed up, and driven to cover. Good over, but the runs continue to come;
21.5;1;Krejza to Younis, 1 run short but spinning, cut fiercely out to deep cover;
21.4;2;Krejza to Younis, 2 runs an excellent shot, tossed up outside off, and confidently swept to deep square leg;
21.3;1;Krejza to Shafiq, 1 run attacking line outside off, and always threatening to turn and bounce. Prodded in front of square on the leg side;
21.2;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run crease-bound this time, and wafted to midwicket again;
21.1;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run two steps, and flicked to midwicket;
20.6;?;Watson to Younis, no run dabbed down to the gully, and that was a valuable over for Pakistan's cause;
20.5;4;Watson to Younis, FOUR runs now that is a shot. The stroke of the day, a full and handsome drive through the covers. A bit of width, but what a majestic strike!;
20.4;?;Watson to Younis, no run poked out to point;
20.3;?;Watson to Younis, no run cautiously forward to defend;
20.2;4;Watson to Younis, FOUR runs streaky from Younis, it was a good ball and a loose stroke. I think it was an intentional dab through the cordon, but it flew uncomfortably close to Haddin. And the slip had only just been moved!;
20.1;?;Watson to Younis, no run full length, a touch of inswing, drilled hard to cover;
19.6;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run sharp spin from outside off is defended;
19.5;1;Krejza to Younis, 1 run plenty of flight and Younis is again stretching into line but this time to flash a drive to deep point;
19.4;?;Krejza to Younis, no run this pops off the glove into space where short leg could have been. Krejza asks his captain to post a man there, Australia need wickets in a hurry but still no short leg in place;
19.3;?;Krejza to Younis, no run tossed up again outside off, Younis stretches across to defend;
19.2;?;Krejza to Younis, no run this time it's defended carefully;
19.1;4;Krejza to Younis, FOUR runs full toss and Younis take full toll. Driven back down the ground and Johnson made no real effort to catch up from long-on;
18.6;1;Watson to Younis, 1 run Watson should be grateful Clarke dived full-length at point to brush a hand on this or it would have been four. Dished up full and wide, Younis crashed a drive;
18.5;1;Watson to Shafiq, 1 run bottom-handed flip towards midwicket earns a single;
18.4;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run another careful defence. After chancing his arm first ball, Shafiq is not going to again;
18.3;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run again Shafiq is solidly forward. Ponting and Watson have some sort of discussion over where the catcher should be, didn't look particularly agreeable actually but Ponting has moved out of silly mid-on and posted a slip;
18.2;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run solid and sturdy defence to a full ball;
18.1;4;Watson to Shafiq, FOUR runs edged! But only for four, this proud record is slipping away for Australia! Wide of off, Shafiq aimed an expansive drive but it flew off the edge to take the target to 100;
17.6;?;Krejza to Younis, no run ooh, short leg would have had it. As it is it bobbles off the gloves into space but an excellent start from Krejza;
17.5;?;Krejza to Younis, no run Younis flows a drive to fall ball, really tried to smack it, but no timing;
17.4;1;Krejza to Shafiq, 1 run ooh, Shafiq leapt down the track and just turned his bat too early getting a leading edge to mid-off. Fair to say the spinner should have been one earlier;
17.3;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run this delivery landed in the same place as the first but didn't turn at all. Variation?;
17.2;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run big forward lunge outside off in response to smother the spin;
17.1;?;Krejza to Shafiq, no run finds big spin first up, bit of bounce too and cramped Shafiq's cut;
16.6;?;Watson to Younis, no run Watson looks to the heavens in disbelief that Younis should have middled a forward defence;
16.5;?;Watson to Younis, no run very little pace of bounce in either the wicket or bowler. Driven to point;
16.4;1;Watson to Shafiq, 1 run looked like a slower ball, they are all fairly slow though. The line is wrong and it's tucked off the pads;
16.3;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run Ponting is fielding at silly mid-on. He collects a mistimed drive and pings back a throw at Haddin;
16.2;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run Shafiq eases a drive to cover without much timing;
16.1;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run not sure how Watson is going to make this breakthrough. These two look very solid against him;
15.6;?;Tait to Younis, no run solid defence ends another over. The strike bowler just can't strike. Looks down on pace and a touch tired;
15.5;4;Tait to Younis, FOUR runs low full toss fired in and Younis bullets a drive back from where it came from. It can be difficult to time those but it raced to the fence;
15.4;1;Tait to Shafiq, 1 run full on the pads and Shafiq flicks with the angle to deep square;
15.3;3;Tait to Younis, 3 runs the placement was better than the timing on this drive. Shafiq insisted on haring back for a third which looked dicey because he slipped as he turned but still makes it in time;
15.2;?;Tait to Younis, no run plenty of effort from Tait but without much reward. Even the pace is only 88mph. Younis has a while to get into line and defend;
15.1;?;Tait to Younis, no run this is straighter and Younis solidly defends;
15.1;1w;Tait to Younis, 1 wide fired down the leg side;
14.6;1;Watson to Younis, 1 run looked like Watson was attempting a bouncer, which at his pace is a touch ambitious. After waiting a while for the ball to arrive, it's wheeled to deep square;
14.5;1;Watson to Shafiq, 1 run this time the length is too short, the line too far down leg and it's clipped to deep square as a result;
14.4;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run Watson is definitely finding inswing but at a very gentle pace and easily pushed to mid-on;
14.3;1;Watson to Younis, 1 run nicely done from Younis, opening the face to send this down to third man;
14.2;?;Watson to Younis, no run hint of inswing but the line remains impeccable;
14.1;?;Watson to Younis, no run starts very straight, looks like he's warmed into his task. Younis blocks back to him;
13.6;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run full and fast. Blocked back to the bowler;
13.5;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run again the movement into the batsman causes trouble. Shafiq inside edging back to the bowler;
13.4;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run good delivery this time, full and shaping into Shafiq who defends in a hurry;
13.3;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run very fluid looking drive but it for no reward;
13.2;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run he doesn't quite look at full throttle but the swing keeps the batsman honest. Which is a virtue;
13.1;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run grunts down a short and wide ball. It looked too short and too wide but the umpire let him be;
12.6;?;Watson to Younis, no run very full and a touch of swing into the batsman. Driven to mid-on. Tidy end to the over but wickets are the only currency that counts with such a modest total to defend;
12.5;?;Watson to Younis, no run ah, bit of movement in the air. Swing of some description. Younis is again respectful in defence;
12.4;?;Watson to Younis, no run Watson locates a good length and line again. Younis rewards him with defence;
12.3;?;Watson to Younis, no run better delivery here, full and straight and defended;
12.2;1;Watson to Shafiq, 1 run bouncer banged in, big effort ball but crept up to Shafiq who swatted down to deep midwicket;
12.1;1;Watson to Younis, 1 run Watson continues and continues badly. On the pads again at a gentle pace and Younis helps himself to a single at midwicket;
11.6;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run solid defence to end the over;
11.5;1;Johnson to Younis, 1 run ooh, Younis would call it a steer, Johnson an edge. Either way it went past slip to third man to the annoyance of Johnson;
11.4;?;Johnson to Younis, no run better delivery outside off stump and left alone;
11.3;3;Johnson to Shafiq, 3 runs very neatly flicked off around middle to deep square. None of the other Aussie seamers have found the fire that Lee did;
11.2;1;Johnson to Younis, 1 run oh dear, the pitch has quietened down but Pakistan's running is a shambles here. Dabbed to Hussey at point and a suicidal single would have been out with a direct hit;
11.1;1;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 run Johnson is full and on middle, clipped around the corner;
10.6;?;Watson to Younis, no run Watson finds something close to off stump but Younis seemed to have an age to ease forward and defend;
10.5;1;Watson to Shafiq, 1 run another gimme served up on the pads, flicked away to deep square;
10.4;?;Watson to Shafiq, no run much better delivery, not hard to be I suppose, Shafiq blocks;
10.3;4;Watson to Shafiq, FOUR runs awful delivery, full and filthy down the leg side. Shafiq only had to tickle, and tickle he did;
10.2;1;Watson to Younis, 1 run slip in place and rightly so, Watson finds some away-movement. Younis steers to point and hurries off for a single that was probably a little tighter then he expected;
10.1;?;Watson to Younis, no run starts with a creaky loosener on the pads but it's only nudged away;
9.6;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run blocked solidly on off stump;
9.5;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run crunched into the covers, can't pierce the field;
9.4;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run slower ball, defended from the crease;
9.3;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run a loose slash, that was a touch rash, though not the best ball Johnson has bowled. Too much width;
9.2;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run outside off, whistling through, left alone;
9.1;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run full, but no swing. Pushed to cover;
8.6;?;Lee to Younis, no run sturdy defence on an off-stump line. The end of an incisive over. Can Australia find a man to back up Lee's efforts?;
8.5;?;Lee to Younis, no run lift on off stump, and defended to cover;
8.4;W;Lee to Kamran, OUT there it is! A big appeal, late in-dip from a full length, but Akmal has gone for the review. I think it's optimistic. He was struck on the back leg, and that will surely clip the stumps. Indeed it does. A vital breakthrough!;Kamran Akmal lbw b Lee 23 (48m 27b 5x4 0x6) SR: 85.18;
8.3;4;Lee to Kamran, FOUR runs clobbered! Too short and wide, and Akmal loves the cut shot. That fizzed;
8.2;?;Lee to Kamran, no run a big inside-edge saves Akmal from a raucous lbw appeal! Full, fast and straight;
8.1;4;Lee to Kamran, FOUR runs misdirected, and worked superbly past short fine leg, but what's happened to Shafiq?;
7.6;4;Johnson to Shafiq, FOUR runs too straight, tapped with a roll of the wrists through midwicket, where Tait can't pounce. A quick outfield and excellent timing. Mitch isn't happy;
7.5;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run firmly forward and driven into the covers. A composed stroke for no run;
7.4;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run outside off, left well alone;
7.3;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run full, and driven up to mid-off. Not much sign of swing yet for Mitch;
7.2;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run good from Johnson, lift off a good length, and defended out to point;
7.1;?;Johnson to Shafiq, no run edged ... but good soft hands ensure that the ball dies long before it reaches first slip;
6.6;?;Lee to Kamran, no run driven out to cover, some of the menace was lacking in that Lee over.;
6.5;1;Lee to Shafiq, 1 run too full and clipped firmly to backward square;
6.4;1;Lee to Kamran, 1 run chopped down to third man;
6.3;?;Lee to Kamran, no run short and defended on the hop, back to the bowler;
6.2;?;Lee to Kamran, no run tight line, shaping from leg-and-middle towards off. Defended on the walk, back to the bowler;
6.1;1lb;Lee to Shafiq, 1 leg bye on the pads, deflected to short fine leg;
5.6;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run better line, defended uneasily. A welcome over for Pakistan;
5.5;4;Johnson to Kamran, FOUR runs signs of swing, but it merely swings straight into the middle of Akmal's bat! Too much width again, and this is an expensive over in the context of a tight contest;
5.4;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run banged in short, Akmal ducks;
5.3;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run much better line, tight to off stump and threatening to swing back into the pads. Poked to point;
5.2;4;Johnson to Kamran, FOUR runs too much width and that's slapped hard through the covers. You can't bowl there etc ...;
5.1;1;Johnson to Shafiq, 1 run good start from Johnson but an excellent early call to a soft-handed block;
4.6;?;Lee to Kamran, no run straight as a die, back of a length, defended cautiously back to the bowler. Lee is bowling his socks off here;
4.5;?;Lee to Kamran, no run humungous appeal, and Ponting has gone for the review! Definitely closer than the last appeal, but it might remain an umpire's call. Hit deep in the crease but swinging, and that has clipped leg. Sure enough, it's not out;
4.4;?;Lee to Kamran, no run blocked on off stump, keeps a touch low, but Akmal gets the full face behind the line;
4.3;?;Lee to Kamran, no run driven again, into the covers;
4.2;?;Lee to Kamran, no run this one holds its line on off stump and is pumped back to the bowler, who threatens to shy;
4.1;?;Lee to Kamran, no run full, fast, swinging, hits the pads, a big appeal but Lee is late to join in. That was missing leg, and they don't bother to review;
3.6;4;Tait to Shafiq, FOUR runs sumptuous from Shafiq, Tait's line wasn't all that bad, but the shot was timed to perfection from middle-and-leg, and no-one can intercept on the leg-side boundary!;
3.5;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run short, outside off, but that one dies on impact.;
3.4;2;Tait to Shafiq, 2 runs full and a fraction of swing, and that's tapped in front of square on the leg side;
3.3;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run a down-on-one-knee pile-drive of a stroke, but the ball is already in the keeper's gloves;
3.2;?;Tait to Shafiq, no run fast again, and defended;
3.1;2;Tait to Shafiq, 2 runs poor work from the skipper in the covers. A rare miss as Pakistan tipped and ran, and they were able to get back for two as his damaged left hand lets him down;
2.6;1;Lee to Shafiq, 1 run a hint of width and slashed greedily through the vacant gully. Third man collects on the bounce. This is gripping viewing;
2.5;?;Lee to Shafiq, no run fast and full, strikes the pad but sliding down leg;
2.4;W;Lee to Hafeez, OUT there it is! The breakthrough looked imminent, and so it was. A rapid delivery, Hafeez closed the face too early as he attempted to work a straight ball through midwicket, but a looping leading edge tempts Lee into a full-on sprint out of his follow-through, and he clings on to an excellent stretching take!;Mohammad Hafeez c & b Lee 5 (12m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
2.3;?;Lee to Hafeez, no run full and straight, not quite a yorker, but attacking the stumps. Pushed to mid-off;
2.2;?;Lee to Hafeez, no run excellent carry from a tight line. Well left;
2.1;1;Lee to Kamran, 1 run banged into the hip, flicked to square leg;
1.6;?;Tait to Hafeez, no run and now he tightens his line again. Sharp;
1.6;1w;Tait to Hafeez, 1 wide that's the worst of Tait shortly after the best of him. An ugly bouncer, barely crosses the tramlines;
1.5;?;Tait to Hafeez, no run a swish and a miss, outside off, swinging late towards the slips. Good delivery;
1.4;1;Tait to Kamran, 1 run three slips in place now as Akmal fences a single to third man;
1.3;1;Tait to Hafeez, 1 run extra lift from a good length, strong wrists turn a single to fine leg;
1.2;4;Tait to Hafeez, FOUR runs you can't bowl there to an opener! On the toes, flicked beautifully through square leg. No stopping that one;
1.1;?;Tait to Hafeez, no run a big effort, and a decent line. Outside off, through to the keeper;
0.6;?;Lee to Kamran, no run stands firm in defence. A lively start!;
0.5;?;Lee to Kamran, no run a mix-up in the middle of the pitch! Kamran flicks off his hip, and the batsmen almost shake hands while deciding whether to run. The shy goes wide;
0.4;4;Lee to Kamran, FOUR runs that's a hideous stroke, but they all count. An ugly cross-batted wave of the bat, more of a standing sweep than a full-blooded pull. A big top edge and none of the slips can get close!;
0.3;?;Lee to Kamran, no run blocked on off stump, no swing this time as Akmal defends with an open face;
0.2;?;Lee to Kamran, no run more swing under the floodlights, and that one doesn't get up either. Left alone, but already signs of that uneven bounce;
0.1;?;Lee to Kamran, no run a beauty to start the innings, perfect line and length, and a nibble of late swing. Akmal swishes at thin air;

Welcome back. It's been an historic day in Colombo. For the first time in 12 years, Australia have been bowled out in a World Cup game, and they face the very real prospect of defeat. It's been a two-paced track, however, and with a pace trio of Lee, Tait and Johnson, express pace and uneven bounce could yet turn the tables. Personally, I still fancy this one to go down to the wire.
Kamran Akmal will face Lee, with two slips in place
 Innings Start
Australia
Pakistan
40th Match, Group A (D/N), Colombo (RPS), Mar 19 2011, ICC Cricket World Cup
176
178/6
Player of the match is Umar Akmal, PAK
Pakistan won by 4 wickets (with 54 balls remaining)
