Data
1.20pm An abject batting performance from Sri Lanka after winning an important toss. 84 for 5 at lunch has turned into 117. Not much to talk about from a Sri Lankan batting perspective. Nathan Lyon used his wiles to prise out three quick wickets after lunch. The ball is turning quite a bit though. SL have to believe.
34.2;W;O'Keefe to Pradeep, OUT and gone! SL bowled out for 117. Very slow outside off, so much flight. Pradeep lays his bat down in the line but the ball spins away just enough to take the outside edge. Smith takes a dolly at slip.;Nuwan Pradeep c Smith b O'Keefe 0 (10m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
34.1;?;O'Keefe to Pradeep, no run slow and wide outside off, Pradeep leaves;
33.6;4;Starc to Sandakan, FOUR runs ooh, nice shot this time. Full again on off, Sandakan backs away and lofts the ball past mid-off. Four more;
33.5;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run 145 kph, honing in on the base of those stumps. Sandakan backs away and punches to mid-off;
33.4;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run looking for the yorker. A low full toss just outside off, no bat.;
33.3;4;Starc to Sandakan, FOUR runs shortish and wide again, Sandakan gets enough bat on this to nail the cut past backward point;
33.2;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run full and straight from Starc. Sandakan awkwardly pushes to mid-off;
33.1;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run short and wide outside off, Sandakan backed away so much that he can't even reach that. Smiles all around.;
32.6;?;O'Keefe to Pradeep, no run phew, beaut. Lots of flight on middle and leg, Pradeep plays the line but the ball rips and bounces past the outside edge. Play that No. 11;
32.5;?;O'Keefe to Pradeep, no run flat outside off, enough turn takes the ball past the outside edge.;
32.4;1;O'Keefe to Sandakan, 1 run sees the batsman coming and fires this short and wide outside off, well-improvised checked cut towards point for one;
32.3;4;O'Keefe to Sandakan, FOUR runs four more. More flight outside off, Sandakan gets low, gets on one knee and slog-sweeps this through midwicket. Dragged that;
32.2;4;O'Keefe to Sandakan, FOUR runs nice use of the feet. Gets to the pitch of the ball and then smashes this straight past the bowler, four to mid-on. A mow;
32.1;?;O'Keefe to Sandakan, no run tossed up outside off from SOK. Left alone;
31.6;W;Starc to Herath, OUT massive appeal, not given. Bat-pad? Pad-bat? Smith chooses to review. If that was boot first, then that is plumb. A full, inswinging yorker on middle. Herath hurries out of the line but squeezes this out to point with an angled bat. Is there conclusive evidence to overturn that? Looks conclusive to me, boot first. Just brushed the toe before hitting the bat. Yup, all reds and that should be out. Umpire S Ravi corrects his decision and sends Herath on his way;Rangana Herath lbw b Starc 6 (21m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 60;
31.5;?;Starc to Herath, no run good length outside off, Herath pokes at it rather belatedly. Inside-edged over the stumps;
31.4;?;Starc to Herath, no run good length on middle, Herath misses his pull this time and cops it on the body;
31.3;?;Starc to Herath, no run overpitched on off, looking for the yorker. Carved to point. Superb bowling;
31.2;4;Starc to Herath, FOUR runs bouncer, short on off. Rangana doesn't back away, pulled through square leg for four. Got on top of the bounce nicely there. Well played;
31.1;1;Starc to Sandakan, 1 run Starc, from around the wicket, jumps wide of the crease but fires one down leg. Sandakan jumps away from the stumps and is forced to meet this, flicked to fine leg;
30.6;1;Lyon to Sandakan, 1 run lots of air, very slow through it. Outside-halved to short third man for a run;
30.5;?;Lyon to Sandakan, no run flight outside off, defended to a newly-placed silly point;
30.4;?;Lyon to Sandakan, no run sneaks this down leg. No bat, Nevill collects neatly;
30.3;?;Lyon to Sandakan, no run nice drift. Flat on middle and leg, worked to short leg;
30.2;W;Lyon to Perera, OUT he's left a straight one and Kusal is gone. SL in tatters. Pitches juuuust outside off, and Kusal, considering how much the other deliveries have turned, chose to let this one go. to his detriment. The ball sneaks back in with the arm. Goes straight on and clatters into off stump. Their problems are worsening.;Kusal Perera b Lyon 20 (24m 15b 3x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
30.1;?;Lyon to Perera, no run flight outside off, pushed fuller. But Kusal is hanging back, slapped to cover;
29.6;?;Starc to Herath, no run strays down leg, Herath can't connect;
29.5;2;Starc to Herath, 2 runs full and wide outside off, pushed lackadaisically through cover for two. No feet movement;
29.4;?;Starc to Herath, no run full and straight, smeared to short leg, Herath goes roaming down the track aimlessly. Almost went too far. Burns holds on;
29.3;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run strays down leg this time, worked to fine leg for one;
29.2;4;Starc to Perera, FOUR runs that's four. Shortish and wide outside off, Kusal wanted to smash that but was taken aback by the pace. Eventually, off the bottom half past gully.;
29.1;?;Starc to Perera, no run full on off, 144 kph. Think I saw some inward movement. Kusal tries to force it through the off side but skews it towards mid-on;
28.6;?;Lyon to Herath, no run more flight outside off, loopy. Blocked;
28.5;?;Lyon to Herath, no run flight outside off, Herath strides forward to defend;
28.4;W;Lyon to Perera, OUT gone, another. Dilruwan is lbw. Dilruwan doesn't even bother with the review. Quite flat and outside off, Dilruwan plays back, should he have been forward? The ball spins back sharply and strikes Dilruwan in front of leg and middle. Another missed flick today, another lbw. Ump Illingworth raises the finger. Lots of spin here for Lyon. Umpire's call says balltracker on wicket impact;Dilruwan Perera lbw b Lyon 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
28.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run tossed up on off, worked to midwicket with the spin, good idea;
28.2;W;Lyon to Dhananjaya, OUT taken, gone. Second ball of the session. De Silva falls. Flatter outside off - not short, not full - from over the wicket, the ball rips back and takes the inside edge onto the pad. The ball then lobs off straight to short leg and Sri Lanka's woes continue. Wonderful bowling, forced DdS back with that length.;Dhananjaya de Silva c Burns b Lyon 24 (54m 38b 3x4 1x6) SR: 63.15;
28.1;3;Lyon to Perera, 3 runs spin, lots if it. Tossed up nicely outside off, the ball drifts, dips and turns away to find the outside edge. In front of and wide of first slip. Three to Kusal, fortuitous.;
27.6;1;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 run good end to the session from Hazlewood. Full on leg, moves back late. A thick inside edge to fine leg for one;
27.5;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run fullish on off, pushed to mid-off.;
27.4;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs four more. Full and wide outside off, 133 kph. Kusal hammers this through cover. No feet movement but why do you need to move em when you smash em like that;
27.3;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run brings this one back in late. Full on off, comes back in. Kusal defends to mid-off;
27.2;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs shot. Phew, what power. Good length, or just back of, on off. Kusal picks the length early, rocks back and pulls it powerfully in front of square for four. Didn't keep it down but found the gap.;
27.1;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run fullish on off, defended. 134 kph but these lines cannot get much better. Kusal has to play at that;
26.6;4;Lyon to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs four more. Flat and wide outside off, DdS gets back, stays there and laces a cut behind point. Superlative timing;
26.5;?;Lyon to Dhananjaya, no run flight on off, defended;
26.4;3;Lyon to Perera, 3 runs shot. Lots of flight outside off, Kusal forces a drive through covers for three. the ball slows up in the outfield;
26.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run tossed up outside off, lots of revs on the ball, lots of turn. All interconnected. Slapped to cover;
26.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run ooh, big appeal. Flat on middle, Kusal comes forward but the ball strikes him on the pad. Very close if there is no bat. Smith thinks and reviews. Huge inside edge is seen on replays. Good signs for Australia though.;
26.1;1;Lyon to Dhananjaya, 1 run don't think he'll be too fussed with that. Short on leg, worked to square leg for one;
25.6;W;Hazlewood to Chandimal, OUT out this time. That late movement again. Quite full outside off, Chandimal tries to force his drive through the off side, but the ball moves away ever so late, just enough. Takes the outside edge and Nevill dives away to his right to complete a good take. A very big wicket, on the stroke of lunch;Dinesh Chandimal c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 15 (82m 54b 2x4 0x6) SR: 27.77;
25.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run oh what fielding. Deserved the run-out for that effort. Full and wide outside off, pushed to wide mid-off, where Warner runs across to his left and dives to stop the ball. Chandimal called one but sent DdS back very late. Warner gets up and fires but misses with DdS nowhere near. Burns comes in from square leg but too late.;
25.4;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run short and wide outside off, an opportunity but another miscued drive to mi-off. Signs of a slow, low surface;
25.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run drifts down leg this time. 128 kph, Nevill tumbles over to collect. These two, I suspect, will be playing for lunch now;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run 137 kph, quite full outside off, pushed to mid-off.;
25.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good length on middle and leg, swerves back in to beat the pad of Chandimal. Strikes him in the midriff;
24.6;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run more flight on middle and leg, defended with a dead bat;
24.5;1;O'Keefe to Chandimal, 1 run flat on middle, a thick inside edge to fine leg. Goes on with the arm;
24.4;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run flat down leg, Chandimal gets low to sweep but fails to connect. Gloves it away;
24.3;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run slow, very slow. Short on off, Chando rocks back to defend;
24.2;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run tossed up on middle, some purchase as the ball skews into the off side off the outside half;
24.1;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run flight outside off, hit into the off side. Good length that;
23.6;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run well bowled. Full and wide outside off, asking the batsman to drive, who obliges but mis-times it back;
23.5;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run goes full this time outside off, defended away;
23.4;4;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs nice from DdS. Doesn't hold back. Bouncer on off, but it doesn't rise. Sits up for DdS to drag his pull from outside off into the gap in front of square. Didn't keep it down but found the gap. Shot!;
23.3;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run brings this closer to middle stump. Not much movement. Full on middle, hit to mid-on.;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run fullish outside off, 137 kph. Another languid drive to mid-off;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run fuller than a good length outside off, fourth-stump line. Defended but beautiful lines;
22.6;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run more flight, air and dip. Cover is found with a drive. Maiden;
22.5;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run driven confidently towards cover;
22.4;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run flat down leg, Chandimal misses a run-scoring opportunity as he is hit on the pads down leg.;
22.3;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run slightly wider outside off, Chandimal comes forward and pushes to cover;
22.2;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run loads of flight on off and middle, defended;
22.1;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run 85 kph, flat on off, pushed to cover;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run excellent finish. Back of a length outside off, left alone, a late decision;
21.5;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run good length on off, worked away to square leg. Nice languid flick. DdS looking quite good, so far;
21.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run short on leg, pulled to fine leg for one.;
21.3;2;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 2 runs overpitched and crisply driven. A confident stride is met by a confident drive, past cover. Not properly timed and just two the result. Should have been three;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run 137 kph, keeping it there and thereabouts. Very close to off. Chandimal comes forward and squeezes to square leg. This late movement troubling Chandimal;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run fullish outside off, 140 kph, moves away late. Defended towards cover point;
20.6;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run dragged back, pitches on a good length and extracts plenty of spin. Steered to point;
20.5;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run again, lots of flight on off and defended with a long stride;
20.4;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flatter on off, blocked;
20.3;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run better. Flight on off, but not too full. DdS has to use his height to get to the pitch to defend;
20.2;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run too much flight, overpitched on middle and smothered;
20.1;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flight outside off, pulls that length back. Good length, quelled to point;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good again. Quite full outside off, gets some away movement. Left;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run ooh, ripper. Good length outside off, the ball jags away sharply. May have hit the seam or a crack. Chandi squared up, convincingly beaten;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run nice-looking drive. Overpitched outside off, some late away swing. Carved to point with an elegant front-foot square drive;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run back of a length on off, pushed back to the bowler;
19.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run 136 kph, full and wide outside off. A nice stride forward and a solid defensive block ensues;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, 136 kph start from Hazlewood, Chandi miscues his drive back to the bowler;
18.6;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run short and wide, another loose offering. Slapped to cover;
18.5;4;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs errs in length and DdS makes him pay. Flat on off and middle, short delivery. Whipped away through midwicket with powerful wrists. Scurries to the boundary. Bowling two lengths now is SOK;
18.4;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run more flight, very slow through the air and DdS defends into the off side.;
18.3;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flatter, shorter, straight. Defended;
18.2;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run tossed up on off, pushed to cover;
18.1;2;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, 2 runs flat on off, not a bad delivery at all. But DdS opens up his wrists and flicks to midwicket. Excellent;
17.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run back of a length outside off, Chandimal leaves this alone;
17.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good stop. Short and wide, Chandimal laces a cut but gets there late. Off the toe end to gully who makes a good stop;
17.4;1;Starc to Dhananjaya, 1 run back of a length on middle, 144 kph, pushed towards the vacant midwicket region for a run to mid-on;
17.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run good length on off, not much swing. Defended again.;
17.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run back of a length outside off, 143 kph, defended, solidly behind the line. Well played;
17.1;1lb;Starc to Chandimal, 1 leg bye good length down leg though, off the thigh pad and past leg gully for a leg bye;
16.6;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flat on off, defended;
16.5;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run and again, lots of flight on off and middle. Good bowling. Defended;
16.4;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flight on off, blocked;
16.3;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flatter on leg, worked away to short leg who does well to prevent the ball from going through;
16.2;2;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, 2 runs shortish and wide, the two-card play again. DdS goes back and cuts through point for a couple;
16.1;6;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, SIX runs first runs for DdS and how. Runs to the pitch of the ball, gets there and lofts the ball over mid-off, with the turn. Clean, complete swing earns him six. Sensational timing, through the line.;
15.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run back of a length on off, defended;
15.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run excellent bowling. Short on off, Chandimal gets on top of the bounce and plays it down. More one-sided words;
15.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run another bouncer on middle, 143 kph. Chandimal ducks underneath. Has a few words with a rather shy Chandimal who doesn't make eye contact;
15.3;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run not yet. A bouncer on off, Chandimal ably sways away from the line. Excellent bowling;
15.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run maybe that's why. Shortish length outside off, Chandimal pushes at it, with leaden feet, towards the bowler;
15.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run back of a length on middle and leg, Chandi tries to clip but plays it away awkwardly;
14.6;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run 86 kph, flatter and quicker on leg. DdS misses his flick and is struck on the thigh pad. Oohs and aahs but not really close.;
14.5;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flat on leg, some drift but comfortably defended;
14.4;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run drags that length back again but DdS goes back to defend;
14.3;?;O'Keefe to Dhananjaya, no run flat on off, pushed back to the bowler;
14.2;W;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, OUT catches the edge and taken. Superb bowling that from SOK. Tosses it up outside off but pulls the length back so as to draw Mathews forward but not full enough to smother the spin. Mathews is caught in between, the ball spits off and takes the shoulder of Mathews' bat. Carries to Smith at slip. Exceptional bowling;Angelo Mathews c Smith b O'Keefe 15 (23m 24b 2x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
14.1;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up outside off, some spin. Pushed to point.;
13.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run excellent bouncer, well played. bouncer on off, Chandi can't duck so he sways out of the line and keeps his hands low.;
13.5;2;Starc to Chandimal, 2 runs in the gap again, but this is comfortably pulled back. Full and wide outside off, squirted off the outside half, through backward point for a couple;
13.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good length on off, skewed towards square leg;
13.3;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs lovely shot again. Starc is full on off, he presents the full face of the bat and punches the straight drive. Warner at mid-off hurries but pulls it back into his own leg, while diving, and then into the boundary;
13.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, left alone. Angles this one away;
13.1;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs superb shot. Starc looking for that yorker, misses bu just enough. A low full toss on leg and flicked through square leg with disdain and glee;
12.6;2;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs flat on middle, Mathews goes back and works the ball towards midwicket for a couple. Well played;
12.5;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter and wide, comes in with the arm. Drags that length back. Mathews wants to cut but the ball deviates in to beat the bat;
12.4;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run more flight, pushed to cover. SOK hustling through these overs;
12.3;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run lots of flight on middle, a long stride to the pitch of the ball to quell;
12.2;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter and shorter outside off, cut towards cover;
12.1;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run flight on off, defended awkwardly;
11.6;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run good run. Quite full on off, pushed away in front of point. A quick run is scampered;
11.5;4;Starc to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs how has he got that there? he won't care. Short and wide outside off, misdirected by Starc. Mathews got on top of the bounce and wanted to cut in front of point but hurried by the pace, he smothered it behind point for four;
11.4;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run again, 141 kph on the ribs. What can Mathews do? He flicks, but keeps it down. Just. On the bounce to leg gully.;
11.3;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run back of a length on leg, clipped to leg gully who fields well.;
11.2;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run bouncer on off, Mathews gets underneath.;
11.1;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run gets the edge first up but it falls just short of Nevill. Full on off, moves away just enough to take the edge or the back pad or both. That back pad may have prevented the ball from carrying. Lovely lines;
10.6;1;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, 1 run flatter and more leg side-ish, pushed towards mid-on for one;
10.5;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run 84 kph, flat on off. Mathews comes forward to defend;
10.4;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run more flight on off, too full. Blocked;
10.3;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter on leg, defended;
10.2;?;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter outside off, draws Mathews forward and the spin takes the ball past the outside edge;
10.1;4;O'Keefe to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs ooh, lovely flight. Gets it to dip late and spin away. Mathews decided on the drive and went through with it. Made sure he didn't backtrack and that power took it past cover for four. Good bowling;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, 136 kph. Inviting the drive, belatedly Chandimal accepts and mis-times to mid-off;
9.5;1;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 1 run good delivery. Full outside off, moves away slightly. Pushed in front of cover for a quick run;
9.4;2;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs full and wide outside off, steered into the gap at point. More like found a gap at point. A couple nonetheless;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run bouncer, well directed. Mathews gets underneath, gets back up and jumps around in his crease;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run full and straight, 139 kph, pushed to mid-on;
9.1;W;Hazlewood to Silva, OUT edged and taken. Those impeccable lines account for Silva. Nagging away on a full length outside off, Silva comes forward and pokes. Isn't quite close enough to the pitch and the edge is taken. Carries low to Voges at first slip who takes a really good catch, inches off the ground;Kaushal Silva c Voges b Hazlewood 4 (49m 25b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16;
8.6;?;O'Keefe to Chandimal, no run overpitched on off and middle, driven back to the bowler;
8.5;1;O'Keefe to Silva, 1 run good run. Tossed up outside off, pushed towards cover point and both batsmen agree there is one;
8.4;?;O'Keefe to Silva, no run too full outside off, not much turn yet. Pushed to cover;
8.3;?;O'Keefe to Silva, no run drags the length back just enough to get Silva prodding outside off. Comfortably kept out though;
8.2;?;O'Keefe to Silva, no run more flight on off, very slow through the air. Defended comfortably off the front foot;
8.1;?;O'Keefe to Silva, no run flight on off, a long stride to the pitch to defend;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run pushed in front of point from the crease. A loud yelp of "noooo" from Chandimal after seeing Silva hurtling towards him;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run back of a length outside off, Chandimal goes back to block, nicely behind the line again;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run 140 kph, nice again. Honing in on that off bail but Chandimal's defensive technique interferes;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run overpitched outside off, 137 kph. Imperfectly timed to mid-off. Not a bad shot with the lack of swing.;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run another bouncer, 136 kph. Outside off, takes Chandi by surprise who takes his eyes off the ball while swaying.;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run rather full on off, 136 kph. Really impeccable lines these. Not much away swing though. And so Chandi strides forward to block with ease;
6.6;?;Starc to Silva, no run well bowled. The old trick. Bouncer followed by a sucker ball outside off. Full and leaving the right-hander. Left alone;
6.5;?;Starc to Silva, no run good change-up this. Bouncer on off, Silva ducks under easily but worth the effort;
6.4;?;Starc to Silva, no run 138 kph, good length on off and middle, Silva gets behind the line to defend. Wants one but is rightly sent back by Chandi;
6.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length on middle, easily tucked down to fine leg;
6.2;1;Starc to Silva, 1 run looks for some magic swing, pays the price for it. 145 kph, full down leg, worked to fine leg.;
6.1;?;Starc to Silva, no run yorker outside off, 141 kph. Dug out to point. Away movement, Starc's staple.;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good length on off, solidly behind the line to defend;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run quite full outside off, nice length. Steered to point;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good length, just outside off. Solidly blocked.;
5.3;W;Hazlewood to Mendis, OUT given. And Mendis has to go. Full length on off, swerves back in sharply to strike Mendis in front of off. Mendis thinks and thinks and chooses to review but the umpire says he has taken too long. So full, but still got enough movement, to beat the flick of Mendis, who played slightly across the line of that. Struck Mendis in front of off. Another flick missed results in another lbw. Initially thought there was an inside edge but looked like that hit both pads, on replays. No doubt about that. SL save a review, I think. S ravi the umpire, good call. All reds on ball tracker again;Kusal Mendis lbw b Hazlewood 8 (10m 7b 2x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run 138 kph, fullish outside off, coming back in. Mendis goes through with his cover drive but that inward angle is responsible for the ball squirting back to the bowler;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Silva, 1 run lovely cricket from both sides. Fullish outside off, dating back in. Silva strides forward, pushes to cover with soft hands and calls for one. Makes it easily;
4.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run fullish on off this time, moves away slightly but Kusal is right behind this. Mid-on fields;
4.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run oh superb stuff from Starc. Calls of "it's coming mate, it's coming" from behind the wicket. Back of a length outside off, the ball moves away prodigiously to beat the outside edge. Unplayable.;
4.4;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs drifts down leg at 143 kph, flicked wristily straight to Hazlewood at fine leg, who gets down to field but the ball goes through his legs. Hmm, naughty.;
4.3;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs nice shot. Shortish and wide outside off, Kusal stands tall and laces a cut through backward point. All timing. Lovely. Not a bad ball but great execution;
4.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run superb bowling. brings this back slightly from off to middle. Looking for another lbw. Defended solidly, behind the line.;
4.1;W;Starc to Dimuth, OUT given. Starc strikes. Karunaratne reviews. Tails back in sharply, fuller than the lbw shout in the previous over. Smashes Dimuth on the pads, flush in front of middle and leg. Doesn't look like any edge. Karunaratne just misses his flick and this looks like trouble for DK. Beaten for pace, with his feet rooted in the crease, the ball just swerved back enough to beat the flick. Excellent bowling, pinned him back with those bouncers in the previous over. All this has to do is clip the stumps for Australia to have their first. Plenty of replays being looked at by the third umpire, looking for bat - no hotpsot or Snicko in this series. Ooh, all reds, smashing into leg stump, and Karunaratne has to go.;Dimuth Karunaratne lbw b Starc 5 (22m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run really troubling Silva so far with that length. Good length, or just back of, and jags back in sharply to strike Kaushal on his thigh pad.;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run 141 kph, full outside off, comes back slightly. A nice, positive stride from Kausal, guided to gully;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run another ripper. Bouncer on off, Silva gets underneath again hurriedly. No control at all from the batsman;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run excellent lines. Good length outside off, Silva leaves;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run ooh, beauty. Back of a length on off, the ball bounces and zips off the surface to take Kaushal's gloves, who was fending awkwardly. Lobs up but falls safe - towards silly point.;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run fullish and wide outside off, still no away swing. Left alone confidently;
2.6;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run another bouncer. On off. DK hurries under.;
2.5;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run 144 kph, full and wide outside off. Comes back in again. Pushed to mid-off where Warner fields. So far, so good from Starc;
2.4;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run lovely again. Fuller than a good length on off, Dimuth comes forward and defends;
2.3;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run ah superb. A well-directed bouncer forces Dimuth to hustle underneath. Nothing loose so far from Australia;
2.2;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run ooh, close. Starc goes slightly wide of the crease and brings this back prodigiously. Raps Dimuth on the pads in front of leg, but that angle would have helped the ball down leg.;
2.1;2;Starc to Dimuth, 2 runs through for a couple. Very full again, came back in through the air. Almost a yorker. Dimuth jams his bat down and ekes out a couple to mid-on;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run better lines those. Quite close to off and middle on a full length. Solidly defended off the front foot;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run full on off, good lines. Still no swing. Blocked to point. Looked to hit that in front of point to get one, but can't;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run full and wide outside off, no real need to play at that but Kaushal comes forward and attempts a delectable drive. Squeezed to mid-on instead. At least, some positive intent;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run 133 kph, quite wide outside off again. Not really interesting Kaushal who leaves again. Has to bring that closer to off;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Silva, no run 138 kph, back of a length outside off, lifts off steeply after passing Kaushal's withdrawn bat;
1.1;1;Hazlewood to Dimuth, 1 run excellent batting this. Pushes this one quite full on off, not much swing, if at all. Worked away towards midwicket. Immediately calls for one, good start;
0.6;1;Starc to Dimuth, 1 run good bowling. Pushes it fuller and straighter. No swing though. Easily clipped towards midwicket for one.;
0.5;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run a hint of swing there. Superb lines these. Full outside off, moves away slightly. Not prodigiously and so Dimuth blocks off the front foot;
0.4;1;Starc to Silva, 1 run good stop. Quite full outside off at 144 kph, not much swing yet for Starc. Kaushal gets a good stride forward and then carves a ball towards gully who half-stops it. Kaushal is off;
0.3;?;Starc to Silva, no run nice carry there. Full and wide outside off, Kaushal won't bother with those. Pitches and takes off to Nevill who collects it by his neck;
0.2;1;Starc to Dimuth, 1 run there is Starc's preferred modus operandi. A yorker. No swing but very full on off. Dimuth jams his bat down, and squeezes a run to fine leg.;
0.1;?;Starc to Dimuth, no run perfect start from Starc. Makes Dimuth play. Not full, not a good length - just in between and hopiong in on off stump. Solidly blocked to mid-on. A nervous yelp of yes, then no.;

The umpires step onto the field. All smiles amid Australia's team. They huddle up. Dimuth Karunaratne and Kaushal Silva punch gloves. A new-look Mitch Starc has the ball. Three slips and a gully. Here we go.
9.55am Time for the national anthems.
Okindu: "O'Keefe's selection means all-rounder Mitch Marsh will probably carry a heavier workload with the ball as Australia's third seamer behind Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood."
Matthew: "Yes, Zampa is impressive but as anyone who has followed the Sheffield Shield the last few years will tell you, he is not (yet) a first class/Test spinner."
Finlay: "Will Starc and Hazlewood relish the first 10 or so overs with the pitch having a greenish tinge."- Quite plausible.
9.40am Almost ready for play after a fierce build-up to the Test as Muttiah Muralitharan, now Australia's spin consultant, and the SLC were involved in a war of words.
How about this for a Your Shots photo: Cricket being played in an idyllic setting - near Amaya Lake in Dambulla
Palak: "@Alex; David Warner after having a mind blowing IPL played 3 ODI's in the Carribean and scored 165 runs at an average of 82.5... That's a bad form every batsman would love to have..."
Alistair Diamon: "I'm interested in seeing how Nathan Lyon does in these conditions. Adam Zampa is currently bowling well in the Caribbean. I can see a genuine reason for bringing him over. It's just a few time zones. Guyana and Sri Lanka are about the same latitude, no...?" - Wish I knew. But Adam Zampa - impressive legspinner.
Alex: "I thought SL would bowl first, seeing as they're giving Starc & co first use of a decent pitch. And both Warner and Burns aren't in the best of form. Could have been a chance to get 2 early strikes and put the Aussies under pressure." - Disagree. Best time to bat could be first up.
Shehan Lakshan: "Good toss to win after few unlucky coin spins for Angello in recent past."
durgeshkulkarni: "Australia already have an upper hand in this test with their stable squad,but Sri Lanka have some players who can turn the match into their favor. Off course spinners from both sides will decide the fate of this match!!!"
9.30am Sri Lanka won the toss and chose to bat
Angelo Mathews: "Wicket looks good, can take a bit of turn later. Kusal has been brilliant over the past few months, a good bunch of young players to looks forward to."
Steven Smith: "Would have batted. Looks like a dry wicket. We got two spinners. Been getting used to the heat, it's pretty warm."
Dhananjaya de Silva and Lakshan Sandakan make their debuts for Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka: Dimuth Karunaratne, Kaushal Silva, Kusal Mendis, Dinesh Chandimal, Angelo Mathews, Dhananjaya de Silva, Kusal Perera, Rangana Herath, Dilruwan Perera, Nuwan Pradeep, Lakshan Sandakan.
9.20am With the sun out and conditions favourable to spin later in the game, seems a simple decision to bat. The toss isn't too far away.
"Pitch looks firm and dry but with a thin film of grass," informs Dan Brettig.
9.10am For those of you worried about Sri Lanka's monsoon, it is a lovely day in Pallekele, with the sun out, baking what looks like a pitch with some green on it. However, there is some rain forecast for later in the day.
The mood in the Australia camp must be upbeat after recently winning the tri-series in West Indies. Conditions won't be entirely different here in Sri Lanka, but both Steven Smith and David Warner have preached the need to adapt in order to succeed. But, here's Dan Brettig on why Australia won't lose.
Stogy: "The weather is clear you say? Sunshine? I know Pallakele all too well and based on your description, I predict the fog will be so think after lunch, the players will be lucky to hear let alone see the ball." - Optimistic as ever.
9.00am 1999 - The last and only time Sri Lanka won a Test against Australia. Seventeen years down, Sri Lanka face a similar hurdle, albeit in home conditions, against a strong and confident Australian outfit that are ranked No. 1 in Tests.
When Sri Lanka toured England last month, not a lot was expected. Not a lot was delivered. However, that tour wounded Sri Lanka's fast-bowling stocks so badly that just one seam bowler - Nuwan Pradeep, returned unscathed. Captain Angelo Mathews wants the coaching system to step up to prevent injuries.
Australia, on the other hand, have had a substantial break from red-ball cricket. Their last Test was against New Zealand in February, but not a lot has changed, in terms of team structure and composition. Their playing XI was announced yesterday, with both Steve O'Keefe and Nathan Lyon included.
 Innings Start
2.08pm Australia crumble from 66 for 2 to 208. Some injudicious strokes but there is plenty in this surface to trouble the batsmen. This lead could be quite big, an 86-run lead is what Australia have. Sri Lanka will need to bat and bat really well to turn this match around.
79.2;W;Sandakan to Lyon, OUT and given. Lyon has a review so why not use it? Tossed up from Sandakan on middle, Lyon gets down to sweep but just plain misses this. Struck him on off, I'd say. Was the wrong un so it pitched and went away, but so full it was that it didn't travel much. Almost a full toss in normal circumstances. No bat. All reds and Lyon has to go. That signals the end of Australia's innings.;Nathan Lyon lbw b Sandakan 17 (36m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68;
79.1;4;Sandakan to Lyon, FOUR runs a tossed up googly outside off is slog swept to the deep midwicket boundary. Brings up Australia's 200;
78.6;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run flight on off, Lyon gets low and does what? Sweep to fine leg.;
78.5;2;Herath to Lyon, 2 runs short and wide from Herath. Cut through the point region for a couple;
78.4;1;Herath to Hazlewood, 1 run worked to long-on;
78.3;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run flat on leg, was there some bat? yes, big edge. Too big a deflection to take though. Will go down as a dropped chance by the keeper;
78.2;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run lots of flight on off, worked to mid-on for one. Chandimal the man. The throw misses the stumps as Lyon and Herath collide. Herath goes tumbling over, all fine;
78.1;?;Herath to Lyon, no run 88 kph, flat and quick outside off, hit back to the bowler;
77.6;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run flatter outside off, slapped to wide cover who runs across and prevents the run;
77.5;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run floated up on off, a huge stride forward to defend;
77.4;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run beauty. Slowed up outside off, the ball spins past the outside edge.;
77.3;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run short and wide, thrashed away to point who puts in a good stop;
77.2;1;Sandakan to Lyon, 1 run the sweep this time. Lots of flight on off, swept away to backward square leg;
77.1;?;Sandakan to Lyon, no run shaped for a sweep, Mathews ran across from slip. Lyon pushes to cover;
76.6;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run flat outside off, scythed to point;
76.5;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run 78 kph, overpitched outside off, smeared into the leg side;
76.4;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run slow down leg, this time Lyon connects with his sweep. One to fine leg;
76.3;?;Herath to Lyon, no run much slower down leg, inviting the sweep. Lyon does but fails to connect. Off the body;
76.2;?;Herath to Lyon, no run slider outside off, very quick. Pushed to cover;
76.1;?;Herath to Lyon, no run lots of flight and wider outside off, played away;
75.6;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run slowish on leg, a defensive block. A quiet over;
75.5;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run another googly on middle, blocked.;
75.4;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run 86 kph, flat outside off, defended, kept out;
75.3;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run lots of flight on off, kept out;
75.2;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run another googly from outside off. hazlewood looks to cut and does so - finds point;
75.1;?;Sandakan to Hazlewood, no run the slow googly from outside off, turns back in and cut to point;
74.6;1;Herath to Hazlewood, 1 run nice and slow outside off, outside-halved to point for a run. Should a single be there?;
74.5;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run too full from Herath, Hazlewood blocks;
74.4;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run slow on middle, the ball spins a bit but easily defended;
74.3;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run flat outside off, no turn. Goes on with the arm. Beaten;
74.2;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run the sweep, the top-edge. But it doesn't carry to deep backward square leg. Nicely slowed up outside off;
74.1;?;Herath to Lyon, no run very quick outside off, a darter. Driven to cover;
73.6;W;Sandakan to O'Keefe, OUT gone. Sandakan gets another. The wrong un finally does for O'Keefe. Pitches on leg, bounces extra because of the number of revolutions on the ball. SOK goes back, rightly, and looks to tickle this into the leg side. However, he fails to keep it down. Straight to short leg who keeps his eyes on it and takes a good catch.;Steve O'Keefe c Mendis b Sandakan 23 (94m 80b 1x4 0x6) SR: 28.75;
73.5;2;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 2 runs ah, just when I say that. Short and wide outside off, slapped in front of point for a couple to deep point. The second looked iffy but Lyon's full-length dive saves him;
73.4;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run more flight outside off, smothered into the off side. Tight lines from Sandakan;
73.3;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run the legbreak on middle, driven to midwicket who puts in a good stop;
73.2;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run ooh, fuller wrong un. Pitches outside off and the ball rips past the outside edge. Lovely bowling this;
73.1;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run googly outside off, not much turn but SOk picks this off the pitch. Flat-batted slap to cover;
72.6;1;Herath to O'Keefe, 1 run flight on middle, driven to mid-on after getting to the pitch of the ball. Since he's already so close to the bowler's end, he goes on with the run;
72.5;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run another sweep to deep backward square leg from off stump.;
72.4;?;Herath to Lyon, no run 78 kph, flight on off, driven to mid-on. Loud yelp of" no";
72.3;4;Herath to Lyon, FOUR runs smashed. Flat outside off, Lyon gets down low and pummels the sweep to deep midwicket. Nice connection;
72.2;?;Herath to Lyon, no run;
72.1;?;Herath to Lyon, no run slow on off, blocked again;
71.6;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run slowish outside off, another googly. Defended out;
71.5;1;Sandakan to Lyon, 1 run strays down leg, swept away to fine leg;
71.4;?;Sandakan to Lyon, no run oh my. That was close, very close. Flat on off, Lyon gets a big stride in but that was close. Struck him on off I guess. Too much doubt?;
71.3;?;Sandakan to Lyon, no run ooh, slow and drifts down leg. Lyon has gone too far outside off and so he misses his weep. Almost clips the leg stump;
71.2;?;Sandakan to Lyon, no run googly outside off, more bounce extracted and Lyon is beaten;
71.1;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run naughty full toss on off, drilled to long-on. Brings Lyon back on strike.;
70.6;?;Herath to Lyon, no run flat on off, Lyon knows better than to sweep Herath so he blocks him out, good over;
70.5;1lb;Herath to O'Keefe, 1 leg bye strays down leg, off the inside of the pad to square leg for a run. Good bowling from herath;
70.4;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run more flight, another defsnive block;
70.3;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run much slower on off, the ball spins a touch but SOk keeps it out;
70.2;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flat down leg, blocked out;
70.1;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run tossed up on off, blocked;
69.6;?;Sandakan to Lyon, no run out comes the sweep. The googly outside off bounces extra and over the bat;
69.5;W;Sandakan to Starc, OUT this time Sandakan gets the edge and Starc has to go. Excellent bowling this. Knew Starc wasn't picking his deliveries, so he persists on a fullish length outside off, disallowing Starc the time to read it off the pitch. Starc has a tentative waft at it and the legbreak spins away from the bat. But not before it takes the outside edge. Good take from Kusal, too, behind the stumps;Mitchell Starc c ?MDKJ Perera b Sandakan 11 (29m 29b 0x4 1x6) SR: 37.93;
69.4;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run and again. Much slower and fuller on off, Starc is forward but the ball whisks past the outside edge;
69.3;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run beaten on the outside edge. Shortens up his length outside off, the ball is past the edge;
69.2;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run ooh, just past short leg. Flat on leg, Starc clips it wide of the fielder;
69.1;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run lots of flight outside off, jammed away to cover;
68.6;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run tossed up outside off, punched to long-off;
68.5;?;Perera to Starc, no run great bowling. This one skids on from outside off and Starc inside-edges to midwicket. "Very well played, mate", says SOK;
68.4;1;Perera to O'Keefe, 1 run flat and straight, turned to midwicket. Out if he missed that one;
68.3;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run well bowled, slow on leg and pushed to mid-on. Starc waited to see if it passed midwicket, when it did, they set off;
68.2;?;Perera to Starc, no run flatter outside off, punched to cover who makes a good save;
68.1;?;Perera to Starc, no run my my. Slowed down leg, the ball rips off the pitch and strikes Starc on the back pad.;
67.6;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run slow and full outside off, SOK strides forward to block;
67.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run flat on middle, blocked with ease;
67.4;1;Sandakan to Starc, 1 run yorker on leg, somehow squirts one into the leg side for a run;
67.3;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run phew, close again. Much flatter and closer to off. Starc trying to work it against the turn, is beaten on the outside edge again;
67.2;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run nice. Flatter outside off, rips past Starc's outside edge. Well bowled;
67.1;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run floated up outside off, googly. Starc goes back and punches to cover, sweet timing;
66.6;?;Perera to O'Keefe, no run overpitched outside off, driven to mid-off;
66.5;1;Perera to Starc, 1 run tickled away towards square leg;
66.4;?;Perera to Starc, no run ooooh, so close to that off stump. Flatter outside off, the ball skids on with the arm and almost takes out off stump. Starc was late on his cut. Fine margins in cricket, sport and life;
66.3;?;Perera to Starc, no run flat down leg, strikes him on the pad. A slider;
66.2;3;Perera to O'Keefe, 3 runs good use of the feet, gets close to the pitch. Perera, though, angled it wider outside off. SOK reaches out and caresses a drive past cover, nice;
66.1;?;Perera to O'Keefe, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
65.6;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run drifts onto SOK's pads, worked to midwicket for one;
65.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run lots of flight outside off, defended, smothered;
65.4;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run yorker on leg and middel, jammed out;
65.3;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run wayyy too much flight on that. SOK strides forward and blocks;
65.2;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run the legbreak, pitched on middle, slides onto leg. Drifting down;
65.1;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run another googly outside off, SOK gets back and defends- reading it off the pitch;
64.6;?;Pradeep to Starc, no run low full toss outside off, hammered to cover who saves a boundary with a good stop;
64.5;1;Pradeep to O'Keefe, 1 run full and straight, pushed to mid-on. SOk called one, Starc was so taken aback by that call that he took a few seconds to get going. Herath misses at the batsman's end. Gone with a direct hit. Even Starc's long strides wouldn't have saved him;
64.4;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run good length outside off, left alone;
64.3;2;Pradeep to O'Keefe, 2 runs clears the infield. Good length outside off, SOK sees an opportunity for some runs with square leg up. Goes for the pull but doesn't time it nearly well enough. Over square leg for a brace;
64.2;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run looks for the yorker. Low full toss is patted back;
64.1;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run fullish length outside off, angles this one back in. Smeared to midwicket. Looking for some sharp movement. Opening up lbw and bowled with this angle;
63.6;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run driven back to the bowler;
63.5;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run some flight on off, but flatter and quicker than the previous one, pushed back;
63.4;6;Sandakan to Starc, SIX runs shot! Puts one foot out and then lofts the cross-batted heave over long-on. Too much flight but Starc played that well;
63.3;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run another wrong un from outside off, big appeal but Starc brought out his massive reach. Struck on the pad outside the line I think;
63.2;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run flight outside off, Starc misses a drive and is beaten;
63.1;?;Sandakan to Starc, no run tossed up outside off, Starc lunges forward - massive stride to smother the spin;
62.6;1;Pradeep to Starc, 1 run good length outside off, outside-halved past gully for one to deep point;
62.5;?;Pradeep to Starc, no run too wide outside off. No bother for Starc - left;
62.4;?;Pradeep to Starc, no run attacks the stumps now. Fullish on off, inside-edged onto the body;
62.3;?;Pradeep to Starc, no run fullish outside off, a waft from Starc with his feet rooted in the crease. Beaten;
62.2;?;Pradeep to Starc, no run good length outside off, left alone;
62.1;W;Pradeep to Voges, OUT gone. Superb bowling. Pradeep's nagging accuracy accounts for Voges. Nothing much Voges could do about that actually. Good length on a fourth-stump line, bounces a touch extra and takes the upper part of the bat. Voges was pushing with slightly harder hands and the edge carries low to gully who takes a good catch, inches off the ground. Well-deserved wicket for Pradeep who has been probing away after lunch;Adam Voges c Mendis b Pradeep 47 (147m 115b 3x4 0x6) SR: 40.86;
61.6;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run too full, negotiated with ease;
61.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run another googly but this time SOK lunges well forward to smother the spin;
61.4;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run flatter, quicker and beats the bat again. Another wrong un. Superb bowling.;
61.3;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run 74 kph, another googly on off. Blocked away, good tight bowling from SL;
61.2;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run low full toss on middle, drilled to mid-on;
61.1;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run another wrong un. But this is short and slow so OK goes back and defends after picking it off the pitch;
60.6;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run a thick outside edge from a ball in the channel lands in front of gully. Good over that;
60.5;4;Pradeep to Voges, FOUR runs and the surprise delivery. Short delivery down leg, Voges doesn't get his bat close to it but gloves it away to the fine leg boundary. Surprised him. 98.85 now.;
60.4;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run overpitched outside off, driven to mid-off. This is good bowling from Pradeep. Keeping it tight for the moment;
60.3;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run 137 kph, fullish on off and middle. Well bowled. Kept out;
60.2;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run fullish length outside off, pushed to mid-off. Plays back to one that he probably should have been forward to;
60.1;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length on off, excellent lines. Blocked away;
59.6;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run and again, really good bowling. The previous one was flatter, this was slower through the air. SOK doesn't pick it again and is beaten again.;
59.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run the wrong un, well bowled. Flatter outside off, SOK doesn't pick it and is beaten by a mile again.;
59.4;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run no. Long-hop on middle and off, pulled to deep midwicket. In and out field for the debutant;
59.3;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run misses his line, pushes this down leg.;
59.2;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run again, well bowled. Nice trajectory - some loop and flight on off. Defended;
59.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run nice. Slow outside off, draws Voges forward who defends but inside-edges towards short leg;
58.6;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run full and straight, worked to midwicket;
58.5;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run overpitched on off, horribly-timed on-drive to mid-on. SOK not quite found any timing or fluency but battling;
58.4;2;Pradeep to O'Keefe, 2 runs attacking the stumps. Not a bad option. But SOK smears one to backward square leg and comes back for two. Impressive stuff;
58.3;1;Pradeep to Voges, 1 run strays on Voges' pads who ticks along his average with a neat flick to square leg. Free run;
58.2;1;Pradeep to O'Keefe, 1 run two calls from SOK. "No", then "yea, yea, yea". Good length outside off, pushed in front of point. Thought he had hit it better than he did. An easy run;
58.1;?;Pradeep to O'Keefe, no run fullish length on off outside off, defended;
57.6;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run another poor ball. Short and wide, a thrashy cut to deep point for one;
57.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run nicely bowled, a lot of flight and slow. SOK lunges forward and smothers a flick to midwicket;
57.4;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run quite flat, quick turn. Spins back to SOk who defends capably;
57.3;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run better. Flatter on off, defended easily;
57.2;4;Sandakan to O'Keefe, FOUR runs oops. A naughty full toss is smashed with disdain over midwicket. All vital runs these. Sl can't quite afford these free runs;
57.1;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run drifts down leg first up, SOK misses a flick but Kusal cleans up tidily.;
56.6;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length outside off, pushed back. Another maiden to take us to lunch;
56.5;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good ball. Full on off, Voges has to play. Pushes to mid-on quite easily but probing stuff from NP;
56.4;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length on off, punched back to cover. Nice stuff this from Pradeep, varying it just enough;
56.3;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run again goes wide of the crease, bowls it full outside off. Voges stays in his crease and pokes. Luckily he didn't get close enough;
56.2;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length on off, punched back;
56.1;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length outside off, left alone by Voges;
55.6;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run another maiden. Flight on off and kept out. Australia slowing down now, playing for lunch I presume;
55.5;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight on middle and leg, kept out;
55.4;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight on off, good advance by SOK to smother the spin;
55.3;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flat and wide outside off, a thrashy drive finds cover;
55.2;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run too much flight on off, pushed back;
55.1;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight on off, SOk dances down to hit back to the bowler who feigns a throw back. SOK hurries back;
54.6;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run fullish on off, pushed to midwicket. Good tight over, maiden;
54.5;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good length on off. Kept out. Good lines these;
54.4;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run ooh nice, goes wide of the crease and bowls one on a good length outside off. 137 kph. Voges naughtily flirts and is beaten;
54.3;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run there and thereabouts, in that channel on off. Played away into the off side;
54.2;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run fullish on middle and kept out with a defensive block;
54.1;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run good start. Probing on off, defended comfortably. No swing at all though;
53.6;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run another wrong un to finish. SOK keeps it out;
53.5;3;Sandakan to Voges, 3 runs short and wide outside off, Voges waits and waits before deflecting the ball behind point for three. Good running;
53.4;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run flatter delivery on middle, defended off the back foot;
53.3;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run ooh, a misfield, Worked to midwicket for one. The fielder is quick on it but fails to pick up.;
53.2;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run flat outside off, SOk goes back and defends. May want to be forward to those;
53.1;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run rank long-hop. From outside off to middle, pulled away to square leg;
52.6;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run strays down leg this time but SOK gets behind the line to negotiate.;
52.5;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run 75 kph, very slow through the air. No turn though as SOK lunges to defend. Well done;
52.4;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run nice drift and loop on middle, SOK defends;
52.3;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run;
52.2;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run a big appeal, but nothing from umpire S Ravi. Flat down leg, SOK misses a flick. The collect is clean from Chandi. Clipped the pad;
52.1;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight outside off, SOk strides forward to defend under his seyes;
51.6;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven to mid-off for a quick single;
51.5;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run picked it off the pitch maybe The wrong un on middle, SOK picks it late and keeps it out awkwardly;
51.4;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run much more flight outside off, a nice defensive stroke, bat and pad close together;
51.3;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run ooh, well bowled. Starts this well wide of off. SOK punches back;
51.2;?;Sandakan to O'Keefe, no run flat outside off, just a little bit of turn. Punched back;
51.1;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run low full toss outside off, shovelled to long-on for an easy run;
50.6;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run more flight and another defensive stroke ends a good, tight over;
50.5;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run too full - a half-volley outside off, punched to mid-off;
50.4;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run 81 kph, lots of flight but drifts down leg. A missed flick;
50.3;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flat on off, SOK rocks back to play out;
50.2;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run slightly too straight there. Leg side-ish and driven to midwicket;
50.1;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight on off, skewed to third man;
49.6;1;Sandakan to O'Keefe, 1 run ooh, tight run but no direct hit. Flight on middle - full toss. Driven to mid-on and SOK sets off, makes it with a dive;
49.5;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run poor ball. Low full toss down leg, swept to backward square leg for one. Surely should have done more with that?;
49.4;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run slightly wider outside off, played to short leg;
49.3;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run good ball. Flat trajectory on off, squeezed to short leg;
49.2;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run flat down leg, Voges leaves. Chandimal gets across to collect cleanly;
49.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run 76 ks, flat on leg. Defended;
48.6;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flight on off, pushed to cover;
48.5;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run quick through the air on leg, kept out;
48.4;?;Herath to O'Keefe, no run flat on off, no turn. Blocked;
48.3;W;Herath to Nevill, OUT straight to mid-on. Nevill trying to clear the infield, fails to and holes out. Some flight on off from Herath, maybe too much flight? Nevill tries to go over mid-on but cannot get under the ball. All he manages to do is loft the ball straight to the fielder. Again flawed execution against Herath;Peter Nevill c Perera b Herath 2 (11m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.18;
48.2;?;Herath to Nevill, no run;
48.1;?;Herath to Nevill, no run quite flat on off, defended;
47.6;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run ripping turn down the leg side with the angle. A missed flick;
47.5;1;Sandakan to Nevill, 1 run much too short on off and middle, Nevill rocks back and tucks to square leg;
47.4;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run overpitched, full toss. Driven to long-on;
47.3;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run really slow on off, Voges presses forward to defend;
47.2;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run flat on middle, quelled to midwicket;
47.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run overpitched on off, smeared to midwicket;
46.6;?;Herath to Nevill, no run much too short on off, Nevill rushes back to keep it out;
46.5;?;Herath to Nevill, no run flat again on middle and off, defensive stroke to short leg;
46.4;?;Herath to Nevill, no run round-arm action, on off. Blocked;
46.3;?;Herath to Nevill, no run ooh, flat on middle, Nevill comes down the track but fails to connect with his flick. Off the pad and past silly point;
46.2;?;Herath to Nevill, no run quick on off, Nevill blocks;
46.1;?;Herath to Nevill, no run gets the edge immediately. Slow but flat outside off, Nevill lunges forward. Lands in front of Mathews at first slip;
45.6;4;Sandakan to Voges, FOUR runs poor ball. Hit away. Sits up for Voges to rock back and smash through cover. Short and wide and Voges dispatches the offering;
45.5;1;Sandakan to Nevill, 1 run a leading edge goes agonisingly wide of cover. Nevill played across the line to the googly;
45.4;W;Sandakan to Marsh, OUT there it is. Sandakan gets his first international wicket. What a ball to do it with too. A flat delivery pitches on off, Marsh doesn't pick it at all. Plays for the turn. The wrong un straightens and spins away just a touch. Since it pitched on off, it carries on to hit off. What a ball. Marsh missed that by a substantial distance;Mitchell Marsh b Sandakan 31 (76m 63b 5x4 0x6) SR: 49.2;
45.3;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run flat outside off, sits up for Marsh to hit anywhere he wants. But he picks out cover with a leaden-footed punch;
45.2;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run loads of flight outside off, driven to deep mid-off for one;
45.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run shortish outside off, punched to mid-off from the back foot;
44.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run another darter outside off, keeps a touch low but Marsh doesn't bother with it. Left alone;
44.5;?;Perera to Marsh, no run slowish on middle and leg, Marsh lunges forward, smothers the spin and works to midwicket;
44.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run;
44.3;?;Perera to Marsh, no run quite flat on leg, Marsh strides forward to defend;
44.2;?;Perera to Marsh, no run 96 kph, short this time, on off. Kept out;
44.1;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run overly flat outside off, smeared to long-on for one. Dilruwan still struggling with his length;
43.6;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run flight outside off, pushed to cover;
43.5;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run beaten on the outside edge. Good bowling. Another wrong un. Marsh does not pick it, beaten by a mile;
43.4;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run too full this time, worked towards square leg for a run;
43.3;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run nice line. Slow on middle, Voges defends easily but Sandakan settling into a nice line;
43.2;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run the wrong un, starts this well outside off again and goes on;
43.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run massive appeal, not given. Starts this wide outside off, Voges strides forward and inside edges this;
42.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run flat outside off, but this one goes on with the angle and beats the bat of Marsh who plays for a bit of turn;
42.5;?;Perera to Marsh, no run slow and wide outside off, clipped to midwicket;
42.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run flat outside off, defended off the back foot;
42.3;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run flat on leg, easily clipped to fine leg. Perera's pace and line is just not challenging enough yet;
42.2;?;Perera to Voges, no run flight, too much. Easily punched back to the bowler;
42.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run very flat outside off, Voges is able to go back and clip to midwicket;
41.6;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run fuller and flatter on middle and leg, squeezed to fine leg;
41.5;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run too short and flat on off, punched back towards midwicket;
41.4;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run the legbreak down leg, Voges misses his flick;
41.3;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run the wrong un. Beats Voges. Beautifully delivered. Flat on middle, goes on and sneaks past the outside edge. Appeal for a catch but no bat;
41.2;1;Sandakan to Marsh, 1 run flat on leg, worked to deep square leg;
41.1;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run too much flight on leg, drilled to long-on, with the spin;
40.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run flat on off, defended by Marsh;
40.5;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run overpitched, Voges runs down and pushes to long-on;
40.4;?;Perera to Voges, no run quite flat on middle, easily defended. Not much happening for the spinners now;
40.3;?;Perera to Voges, no run slow outside off, blocked;
40.2;2;Perera to Voges, 2 runs slow down leg, worked down to fine leg for more runs. Just a nudge;
40.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run flat on middle, defended by Voges after running to the pitch again;
39.6;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run flat on middle, blocked back again;
39.5;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run flatter on leg, smothered into the leg side;
39.4;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run slowish on leg, nudged to midwicket;
39.3;1;Sandakan to Voges, 1 run slow through the air on leg, clipped to square leg. 50-run stand between these two;
39.2;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run flatter from outside off, keeps low but Voges negotiates comfortably;
39.1;?;Sandakan to Voges, no run overpitched on middle, blocked;
38.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run flight outside off, blocked by Marsh;
38.5;?;Perera to Marsh, no run ooh, good line. Flatter outside off, turns back in. A big inside edge onto the thigh;
38.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run slowish and quick on middle and leg, solidly blocked;
38.3;?;Perera to Marsh, no run flat on middle, from around the wicket, worked to midwicket;
38.2;4;Perera to Marsh, FOUR runs too much flight, too much width. Smashed, hammered through covers with a cover drive. Shot;
38.1;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run flat on middle, worked away to square leg;
37.6;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run some use of the feet, gets to the pitch of the flighted delivery and works to midwicket for one;
37.5;?;Herath to Voges, no run flat outside off, blocked;
37.4;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run flat on off, just a defensive push to long-off. The in and out field responsible for the easy single;
37.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run edged but short of gully. Very slow through the air on middle, soft hands, edge, doesn't carry;
37.2;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run nice. Slow outside off, some turn. Off the outside edge to third man;
37.1;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run slow and flat from over the wicket. Plenty of time for Marsh to go back and tuck to wide mid-on for one;
36.6;3;Perera to Marsh, 3 runs well bowled, well played. Lots of flight outside off, carved into the gap at cover point for three more;
36.5;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run another late single. Flat on middle, no turn. Worked to square leg;
36.4;?;Perera to Voges, no run flat on off, Voges goes back to defend. Very slow, quiet period for both sides this;
36.3;?;Perera to Voges, no run gets to the pitch of the ball to defend;
36.2;?;Perera to Voges, no run slow through the air on off, Voges rocks right back and works to midwicket;
36.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run slow outside off, very flat trajectory. Defended;
35.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run good finish. Slow on off, spins a touch but comfortably negotiated;
35.5;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run use of the feet, smears a run to midwicket. Too much flight from Herath on that occasion;
35.4;?;Herath to Voges, no run down leg, smothered;
35.3;?;Herath to Voges, no run flight on middle, overpitched. Driven to cover;
35.2;?;Herath to Voges, no run a lot of excitement from the close-in fielders. Flat on leg, Voges comes down and pads this away to cover;
35.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run flat on middle, defended back;
34.6;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run another single to long-on. Just calmly hit with the spin.;
34.5;?;Perera to Voges, no run flight outside off, Voges presses forward to smother the spin. Well played, good technique;
34.4;?;Perera to Voges, no run rather short on middle and leg, pushed into the leg side.;
34.3;?;Perera to Voges, no run turned away with the spin, to midwicket;
34.2;?;Perera to Voges, no run tossed up outside off. Voges runs down and works to midwicket;
34.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run slowish outside off, easily defended;
33.6;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run use of the feet, gets to the pitch and nurdles a single to midwicket;
33.5;?;Herath to Voges, no run and again. Not sure what the appeal is for. Flat down leg, hits Voges on the pad in front of leg. but pitched outside again;
33.4;?;Herath to Voges, no run flat down leg, hits the pad down leg;
33.3;?;Herath to Voges, no run slowish and flat outside off, squeezed to third man;
33.2;?;Herath to Voges, no run whoa. Exuberant. Very slow and floated up outside off. Voges sees the carrot and goes after it but the ball spins past;
33.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run slower and flatter from over the wicket. Skids on to strike Voges on the pad. Pitched well down leg;
32.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run shorter, flatter and quick on off. Punched back to the bowler;
32.5;?;Perera to Marsh, no run ooh, nice. Slow outside off, the ball turns back sharply towards Marsh. Thick edge towards square leg;
32.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run 83 kph, slower on leg, nudged to midwicket;
32.3;?;Perera to Marsh, no run good. Better. Slightly wider outside off, flatter. Blocked;
32.2;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run too full, too much flight. Easily worked to long-on, with the spin. May be a touch shorter?;
32.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run slow through the air outside off, defended by Voges;
31.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run off-stump ball, Voges is solid in defence;
31.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run quicker one, defended;
31.4;4;Herath to Marsh, FOUR runs Marsh brings out the sweep and finds a boundary. Pushed full and just outside off, Marsh goes low and nails it. Square now has been whisked back after that strong sweep;
31.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run dangled shorter on off, punched out to cover;
31.2;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run drifts into leg stump, dabbed past short leg;
31.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run Voges, in contrast, takes a couple of strides forward and smothers this full one from Herath;
30.6;?;Perera to Marsh, no run this one skids on as well, Marsh is caught camping back again. Worked to midwicket;
30.5;?;Perera to Marsh, no run Marsh is camping back, this went straight on outside off, past the outside edge;
30.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run not as full as the previous offering, driven back to the bowler, who takes some pace off the ball, and deflects it to mid-off;
30.3;?;Perera to Marsh, no run floated full and outside off, Marsh drives confidently and finds short extra cover;
30.2;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run flat and on middle, whipped to midwicket;
30.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run straighter one on off, defended on the front foot;
29.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run slides on outside off, Marsh sits back and punches to the covers. Another probing over from Herath;
29.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run tossed on off, hint of turn, draws Marsh forward and beats the outside edge;
29.4;?;Herath to Marsh, no run lobbed on middle, blocked with a straight bat;
29.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run skids on off, Marsh drives firmly as silly point takes a blow;
29.2;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run pushed through quicker on off, pushed to mid-off, who is fairly deep;
29.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run drifts in full on off, blocked safely;
28.6;2;Pradeep to Marsh, 2 runs full and straight, Marsh twirls his wrists and flicks it through midwicket for a couple;
28.5;1;Pradeep to Voges, 1 run back of a length and on off, Voges taps to the covers;
28.4;4;Pradeep to Voges, FOUR runs back of a length and just outside off, Voges threads the cordon. He opens the face and smartly steers it between second slip and gully;
28.3;?;Pradeep to Voges, no run back of a length, 136ks, top of off, blocked to cover;
28.2;1;Pradeep to Marsh, 1 run leg-stump short ball, Marsh pivots on the back foot, rolls his wrists, and pulls behind square;
28.1;?;Pradeep to Marsh, no run back of a length, jags in a touch at off, cramps Marsh for room. He shapes to cut and ends up chopping it towards the off side;

Dilruwan, the offspinner, takes over from Pradeep. Slip and short leg in
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
1st Test, Pallekele, Jul 26 - 30 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
117 &
203 &
Player of the match is Kusal Mendis, SL
Sri Lanka won by 106 runs
