Data
Australia are swarming all over this match, producing a clinical display to dismiss Sri Lanka for 101. Clark's congratulated for his four wickets: "Yeah, look, it's been a good tournament for me. We get better game by game. Hopefully we can knock the runs off and take some momentum into the next game. I'm getting used to it, I was a bit sceptical coming in, but it's easy to say that it's good now I'm getting wickets." It's Sri Lanka now, of course, who need plenty of wickets - with the bowlers needing to do a lot to make up for a poor batting display, replete with questionable shot selection. Whoever wins today, remember, goes through to the semis. Whoever loses, goes through to the departure lounge. Join Andrew after the break to find out who'll be doing what ... where ... and how.
19.3;W;Bracken to Fernando, OUT a poor shot - indicative of Sri Lanka's day - to finish. A slower ball from Bracken, and the batsman pops up a bottom edge back towards the bowler who has a second to think about before taking confidently;Dilhara Fernando c & b Bracken 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.2;?;Bracken to Fernando, no run poked forward;
19.1;1;Bracken to Malinga, 1 run nothing to write home about, but as it must be written about, a full toss outside off greeted by an almighty - but completely mistimed - heave to mid-off which hardly makes it even there;
18.6;1;Symonds to Malinga, 1 run comes forward and turns off his legs to bring up three figures;
18.5;W;Symonds to Vaas, OUT a big - but ultimately ineffectual - swing, Vaas down the track and picks out Lee at deep midwicket, five yards in from the rope, who does well stretching out to his right;Chaminda Vaas c Lee b Symonds 21 (34m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
18.4;?;Symonds to Vaas, no run slower delivery - like a kipper, the batsman completely fails to connect;
18.3;1;Symonds to Malinga, 1 run driven on the up between mid-off and cover;
18.2;6;Watson to Malinga, SIX runs but this is much better - Malinga lifting a hook from outside off in front of midwicket;
18.1;?;Watson to Malinga, no run a very tailender-like swish - no footwork, prodding away from the body at a rising delivery outside off;
17.6;1;Lee to Malinga, 1 run good sportsmanship from Symonds, running in at mid-on - he nearly got there to take the catch with the dive forward, but tells the umpire immediately that he did take it cleanly;
17.5;1;Lee to Vaas, 1 run outside off, too full, Vaas drives it hard down the ground but doesn't quite time it and it's collected inside the straight long-off boundary;
17.4;1;Lee to Malinga, 1 run dribbled out to mid-on for a quick single;
17.3;1;Lee to Vaas, 1 run short, on leg - a long hop - and Vaas wrists the ball up and towards Hayden at deep square... but he can't quite meet it before it pitches;
17.2;1;Lee to Malinga, 1 run full delivery - Lee's done well with such deliveries this tournament - and it's dug out here;
17.1;1;Lee to Vaas, 1 run the batsman likes the pace coming onto the bat; he presents the face and the ball runs out to mid-off;
16.6;1;Watson to Vaas, 1 run on leg, turned fine off the knees;
16.5;1lb;Watson to Malinga, 1 leg bye pitches on middle and angles towards leg, worked off the legs behind square;
16.4;?;Watson to Malinga, no run bouncer from Watson, nearly falling over in the follow-through such was his effort;
16.3;1;Watson to Vaas, 1 run driven out to cover;
16.2;W;Watson to Mubarak, OUT slower delivery, the offspinner and the pressure told on Mubarak, trying to clear extra cover with a drive off one knee but Symonds makes no mistake, stepping back and clasping to take Sri Lanka into further trouble;Jehan Mubarak c Symonds b Watson 28 (33m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 107.69;
16.1;1;Watson to Vaas, 1 run not the prettiest of slog-sweeps in front of square, but at least it was controlled;
7.6;?;Clark to Mubarak, no run back on a better line and length. It's survival first now for Sri Lanka;
7.5;4;Clark to Mubarak, FOUR runs a rare error from Clark, he strays onto the pads and Mubarak tickles that very fine. A welcome boundary;
7.4;?;Clark to Mubarak, no run short and Mubarak ducks his first delivery;
7.3;W;Clark to Dilshan, OUT that wasn't very clever. Dilshan tries to improvise, he steps outside off and tries to sweep off a good length, but instead pats a simple chance straight into Gilchrist's gloves as he hops to the leg-side. Another one bites the dust, and with the exception of Jayasuriya, they've all been tame dismissals;Tillakaratne Dilshan c ?Gilchrist b Clark 3 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
7.2;?;Clark to Dilshan, no run short but straighter - crashed into the legs of point;
7.1;2;Clark to Dilshan, 2 runs steered out to deep point, and they hustle for a couple;
6.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run extra nip off the pitch, and Sangakkara's scything cut finds only thin air;
6.5;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run banged in, and balloons off the glove as Dilshan is beaten for pace. An attempted pull lands behind square, but safe;
6.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run straighter and fuller, and played with a vertical bat for a change;
6.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run backing away - the batsman's curse in this tournament - and Johnson finds just enough swing to evade a slashing drive;
6.2;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run clipped off the toes, but straight to midwicket;
6.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run full and straight, turned into the leg side;
15.6;1;Johnson to Vaas, 1 run a touch of width outside off, driven out to mid-off and that rounds off another tidy spell;
15.5;1;Johnson to Mubarak, 1 run a hint of swing away, the batsman waits and cuts through the gully;
15.4;1;Johnson to Vaas, 1 run slower ball, picked, and driven out in front of midwicket for a comfortable single;
15.3;?;Johnson to Vaas, no run tight line again, and a good length; can only be driven out to the fielder at cover;
15.2;1;Johnson to Mubarak, 1 run half-volley, driven back out straight towards long-off;
15.1;1;Johnson to Vaas, 1 run outside off, played down to third man;
14.6;?;Watson to Mubarak, no run clever delivery, taking the pace off it and slants it across, threatening to deceive the left hander, who plays too close to his body to get bat on it;
14.5;1;Watson to Vaas, 1 run outside off, cut to deep point;
14.4;1;Watson to Mubarak, 1 run touch of width outside off, opens the face, and runs it down to deep third man (fourth man?);
14.3;?;Watson to Mubarak, no run hit on the up, deliberately, towards third man;
14.2;1;Watson to Vaas, 1 run waits and driven out to cover;
14.2;1nb;Watson to Vaas, (no ball) no-ball on height reasons - therefore it's not a free hit;
14.1;1;Watson to Mubarak, 1 run driven forward for another quick single;
5.6;?;Clark to Dilshan, no run on the spot again, with a touch of outswing as well. Dilshan leaves well alone;
5.5;1;Clark to Sangakkara, 1 run straighter this time, and nudged for a single;
5.4;4;Clark to Sangakkara, FOUR runs width, and that's Sri Lanka's best shot of the day - a full-flowing cover-drive that no-one can intercept;
5.3;W;Clark to Silva, OUT he frees his arms this time, but to absolutely no avail - a massive windmill of a wind-up, but a ball that was intended to vanish over the covers instead spirals down to Brett Lee on the third man boundary. Credit to Clark, he built the pressure and Silva cracked;Chamara Silva c Lee b Clark 6 (12m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
5.2;?;Clark to Silva, no run more of the same, no room to free the arms;
5.1;?;Clark to Silva, no run immaculate line and length - it's just like watching the Ashes all over again - and Silva defends with a perfectly straight bat;
4.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run shorter and straighter, tucked off the ribs but can't beat the field;
4.5;1;Johnson to Silva, 1 run fuller and shaping back into the right-hander, clipped off leg stump and a scurried single;
4.4;?;Johnson to Silva, no run width outside off stump, but Silva misses out with a cut shot. Too eager to cash in?;
4.4;1w;Johnson to Silva, 1 wide not such a good ball. Pitches outside leg and stays that way;
4.3;?;Johnson to Silva, no run half an appeal as Johnson jags one off the seam but that was missing leg, and too high as well. Good ball all the same;
4.2;?;Johnson to Silva, no run an attempted cut, but too late on the stroke;
4.1;4;Johnson to Silva, FOUR runs on leg stump and clipped fine. A welcome boundary;
3.6;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run that's just horrible. Three steps down the track and an almighty slog over the infield. Except he doesn't make contact at all. Australia are bossing this contest;
3.5;2;Bracken to Sangakkara, 2 runs outside off, and a more sensible choice of stroke this time, a delicate dab down to third man;
3.4;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run a massive swipe across the line. Sri Lanka are losing their heads now;
3.3;1;Bracken to Silva, 1 run dabbed out to cover, tip-and-run stuff, and a direct hit from Symonds would have had him gone for all money. Reckless stuff;
3.2;1;Bracken to Sangakkara, 1 run dropped - that was an easy chance that Hodge made into a tough opportunity with a mistimed leap at cover. Another careless shot though, Sangakkara was driving at a ball that wasn't there for the shot;
3.1;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run on a good length outside off stump and shaping away. Defended with a vertical bat;
2.6;?;Lee to Silva, no run another cracking over for Australia is finished off with a neat offcutter that leaps at Silva's thigh-pad and drops to the crease;
2.5;?;Lee to Silva, no run driven back to the bowler, without much conviction;
2.4;W;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT oh dear, this is carnage. Jayawardene was in no position for that stroke - a wristy whip through midwicket that turned into a looping chance for Stuart Clark at mid-on. He did well to dive forward and scoop it off the turf, but a very loose shot from Sri Lanka's captain;Mahela Jayawardene c Clark b Lee 1 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
2.3;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run streaky again, full length and outside off, and Sangakkara is late on an attempted drive. He chinese-cuts it down to fine leg, and jogs through;
2.2;?;Lee to Sangakkara, no run full and straight, and driven down to long-off;
2.1;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run short of a length, and dabbed to square leg. Sri Lanka need to rebuild now;
1.6;W;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, OUT that dismissal was somewhat telegraphed. He was dancing around at the crease and, in attempting to whip to leg, found only a leading edge. Brett Lee at deep point swallows a looping chance, and Sri Lanka are in deep trouble now;Upul Tharanga c Lee b Bracken 4 (10m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
1.5;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run that's a filthy mow - Tharanga makes room and is well beaten as the ball whistles over leg stump;
1.4;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run lovely response, nipping past a limp outside edge. Well pitched up, and a hint of movement off the track;
1.3;2;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, 2 runs a slog, straight through the line of the ball and over the covers. Not perfectly timed and the ball plugs in the outfield;
1.2;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run fuller and straighter, and defended into the covers. A brief thought of a single, but with three Aussies hurtling in to field, Sangakkara has other ideas;
1.1;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run swinging delivery, a foot outside off, and Tharanga leaves well alone;
0.6;4;Lee to Sangakkara, FOUR runs width this time, and Sangakkara fences outside off stump - not much conviction in the stroke, but he threads it through the gap at gully, past a diving Clarke at point;
0.5;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run fast and full again, nudged into the covers;
0.4;1;Lee to Sangakkara, 1 run just back of a length, straight as an arrow again. Sangakkara defends off the back foot and legs it for a single;
0.3;W;Lee to Jayasuriya, OUT he's gone this time, and that was another cracker - fuller, faster and angling back into the left-hander. No room to play any shot whatsoever, and up goes the finger!;Sanath Jayasuriya lbw b Lee 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Lee to Jayasuriya, no run brilliant delivery and that's a massive shout for caught-behind, lbw, call it what you will. It nipped off the pitch and flicked the top of the pad. A hint of inside edge? The umpire says no;
0.1;1;Lee to Upul Tharanga, 1 run streaky, but off the mark. That was on leg stump, and flicked airborne in the direction of square leg. Didn't go to hand though;

10am The umpires are out in the middle, Gilchrist leads the Aussies into the field, and the Sri Lankan openers, Sanath Jayasuriya and Upul Tharanga, are taking guard. Clear blue skies and a hum of expectation. And that's just from an unfeasibly jolly Jenny, sat opposite. I'm Andrew Miller, and to take the new ball, it's going to be Brett Lee.
Not sure what the delay has been all about, but here we go ...
9.45am The last time these two sides met was in Barbados in April, in the World Cup final, no less. That match ended up being staged over 38 overs a side, and Gilchrist for one rather enjoyed himself. More of the same from him today, and Australia will be odds-on to progress. Sri Lanka, however, will be gunning for revenge. Could it get more massive? No, it could not.
Australia 1 Adam Gilchrist (capt, wk), 2 Matthew Hayden, 3 Brad Hodge, 4 Mike Hussey, 5 Andrew Symonds, 6 Michael Clarke, 7 Shane Watson, 8 Brett Lee, 9 Nathan Bracken, 10 Mitchell Johnson, 11 Stuart Clark.
Sri Lanka 1 Upul Tharanga, 2 Sanath Jayasuriya, 3 Kumar Sangakkara (wk), 4 Mahela Jayawardene (capt), 5 Tillakaratne Dilshan, 6 Chamara Silva, 7 Jehan Mubarak, 8 Farveez Maharoof, 9 Chaminda Vaas, 10 Dilhara Fernando, 11 Lasith Malinga.
9.40am Australia have won the toss and will bowl. Adam Gilchrist, the stand-in captain, calls correctly. "Hopefully we can get stuck into them straight away," he says. "The wicket looks pretty good and a little bit of dampness in the outfield. We hope to make an impression with the new ball. We tend to chase a little bit better, so we feel comfortable doing that. Hopefully our batting can stand up to the challenge."
Just the one change for Australia - Shane Watson comes in to replace Ponting. Sri Lanka have named an unchanged side. Their captain, Jayawardene, says: "Batting has to be consistent. We've had a chance for it and this is the time to get everything right." He can say that again
9.30am Good morning, and welcome to Cricinfo's live ball-by-ball coverage of Australia's make-or-break encounter with Sri Lanka at Cape Town. This match is a quarter-final in all but name. Pakistan have cruised into the semi-finals having beaten both sides, and Bangladesh are already out. So the winner of this showdown takes all.
Ian Bishop's pitch report has spotted a few cracks on a seam-bowler's length, while it's quite dry further up towards the spinners' area. So, more of the same expected. A true enough pitch, with just enough to give a contest between bat and ball, especially in the early-morning conditions - although the sun's burning all the early morning fog away.
Australia haven't been slow to express their mild disdain for this format, and one of the most outspoken non-believers is the captain, Ricky Ponting, who has had to pull out of the tournament with a hamstring injury.
"It's a big loss," says Mike Hussey. "You can't replace someone like Ricky Ponting. But we've still got some very capable players. We're still very confident and hopefully we can put on a good show today."
 Innings Start
So, that's that. Australia wrap up a ten-wicket victory with almost half of their overs to spare, and it is they who march on to the semi-finals where they will be joined by Pakistan, South Africa (barring miracles) and either New Zealand or India.
Sri Lanka's bowlers were on a hiding to nothing once their batsmen had capitulated. Perhaps they were still scarred by their mauling in the World Cup final ... who knows. It was pretty comprehensive either way.
"We were not very consistent, especially with the bat," says Mahela Jayawardene. "We started really well [in the tournament] but the momentum wasn't there for us."
Adam Gilchrist is delighted with his team's performance. "A lot of teams would have liked us to be knocked out today. Hopefully they are a little nervous now."
"Our fielders and our bowlers were outstanding. To chase on that wicket ... it's getting really tired and it would have been difficult. Our bowlers definitely won that match for us."
"We're just happy - we're into the cut-throat part of the competition now. We can enjoy it now it's cut-throat time."
So there we go. We've been Andrew Miller and Jenny Thompson, with Martin Williamson on bulletin duty. Next up is Bangladesh against Pakistan at Cape Town, followed by the big one - India against South Africa at Durban.
10.2;6;Mubarak to Hayden, SIX runs swing, connect, deposit into the long-on stands. That shot was as vast as the victory itself;
10.1;2;Mubarak to Hayden, 2 runs tucked down to third man with a shimmy at the crease - as if he was in ten minds;
9.6;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run finds the gap on the leg side, and that's Hayden's half-century - his third of the campaign. There's no stopping the ICC World One-Day Player of the Year;
9.5;4;Dilshan to Hayden, FOUR runs thumped this time, with a free swing of the arms. That's pure muscle and deep cover had no chance;
9.4;?;Dilshan to Hayden, no run on the spot and driven hard into the covers. No way through just yet though;
9.3;?;Dilshan to Hayden, no run a rarety - a swing and a miss. Hayden is sizing up a quick kill now;
9.2;2;Dilshan to Hayden, 2 runs clipped down to fine leg again. All too easy;
9.1;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run strays onto the legs - or was it deliberate? Either way, another nudged single;
8.6;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run pushed into the covers to complete another productive over for the Australians;
8.5;1;Malinga to Hayden, 1 run more conventional this time, clipped out to deep midwicket;
8.4;4;Malinga to Hayden, FOUR runs how on earth did he pull that off? That was a full-length off-stump delivery, almost a yorker, and yet Hayden picked it up and over long-on! Remarkable;
8.3;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run attempted yorker, Hayden clips to midwicket;
8.2;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run banged in but arrow-straight. Gilchrist hops back and nurdles down to third man;
8.1;1;Malinga to Hayden, 1 run on a good length straight away, Hayden pushes into the covers;
7.6;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run strays onto leg stump, and flicked away. But well bowled by Dilshan. Australia are made to wait for their victory;
7.5;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run full length, pushed into the gap;
7.4;?;Dilshan to Gilchrist, no run very well bowled, and the brakes have been applied for the moment. Right on the spot;
7.3;?;Dilshan to Gilchrist, no run cut into the covers, and well intercepted;
7.3;1w;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 wide misdirected, down the leg side, well taken by Sangakkara;
7.2;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run a fraction of turn off a good length, and driven coolly to cover;
7.1;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run on the spot first up, pushed cautiously down the ground;
6.6;4;Maharoof to Hayden, FOUR runs that completes a grim over for Maharoof. That ball was just floated into Hayden's zone, and vanished through long-off with a massive swing of the blade;
6.5;1;Maharoof to Gilchrist, 1 run angled into the pads and clipped away. This is rather a procession now;
6.4;1;Maharoof to Hayden, 1 run too short, and swung away into the deep. Fielded on the bounce just inside the midwicket rope;
6.4;5w;Maharoof to Hayden, 5 wide hopeless delivery, short and utterly misdirected. Sangakkara had no chance of cutting that off as it fizzed down the leg side;
6.3;6;Maharoof to Hayden, SIX runs thwacked, and some. Hayden steps away a fraction and launches that over long-off. Superb power;
6.2;1;Maharoof to Gilchrist, 1 run Gilchrist returns the compliment;
6.1;1;Maharoof to Hayden, 1 run good length and tight line, Hayden steps away to make room, but can't get more than a single;
5.6;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run better line and length, straight and sharp, and just back of a length. Defended stoutly off the back foot;
5.5;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs tucked off the toes with a flourish, Fernando was aiming for the blockhole but got it ever so slightly wrong;
5.4;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs a modicum of width, and Gilchrist leathers that through the gap in the covers, off the back foot. Cracking shot, and Australia are halfway there;
5.3;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run shorter, but still on that leg-stump line. Tucked to midwicket with a slight hop;
5.2;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run full and leg-stump line again, clipped to midwicket;
5.1;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run full and outside off, steered down to gully;
4.6;4;Maharoof to Hayden, FOUR runs another attempted yorker, but this time it comes out as a low full-toss, and that's mullahed down the ground for the straightest and sweetest four of the innings;
4.5;?;Maharoof to Hayden, no run fuller length, almost yorker-length, swinging away and dug out to point;
4.4;4;Maharoof to Hayden, FOUR runs smeared through midwicket. A step and a shimmy, and a massive swing of the blade. Hayden at his bullying best;
4.3;1;Maharoof to Gilchrist, 1 run fuller and straighter, and drilled down to long-off;
4.2;4;Maharoof to Gilchrist, FOUR runs short and pulled, so quickly into position and it whistles away. Hardly any margin for error;
4.1;2;Maharoof to Gilchrist, 2 runs a smidgeon of width, and Gilchrist flails an attempted cover drive - it loops over the infield and plugs at point, ten yards in from the rope. A bit chancy that time;
3.6;4b;Fernando to Hayden, 4 byes another uncharacteristic fumble from Sangakkara. A nasty bounce, and a slower ball as well, but hardly an excuse;
3.5;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run short and climbing sharply outside off stump. Left well alone with a vertical bat;
3.4;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run tucked up by that leg-stump line again. No danger of a dismissal though;
3.3;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run just back of a length, Gilchrist steps back and across and nudges into the leg-side for another single;
3.2;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run thumped out to point;
3.1;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run swish and a miss, outside off stump and short enough to pull, but Hayden can't make contact. Sangakkara is so surprised at the let-off that he fumbles the ball;
2.6;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run attempted leg-stump yorker, clangs off the pad and away to slip. Australia chugging along nicely;
2.5;4;Vaas to Gilchrist, FOUR runs too straight this time, and that's clobbered up and over, and trickles away to the long-on boundary;
2.4;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run Vaas is also targeting leg stump, and Hayden is happy to pluck another single to deep square;
2.3;2;Vaas to Hayden, 2 runs whipped off middle-and-off to backward square. The batsmen jog back for two;
2.2;4;Vaas to Hayden, FOUR runs lofted drive, just out of the reach of Malinga at mid-off. But real power behind a stroke that looked a little chancy at first;
2.1;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run driven impeccably straight - so straight that it rebounds off the non-striker's stumps and away to long-off;
1.6;1lb;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 leg bye tidy finish to the over. Australia aren't rushing their run-chase, and why should they?;
1.5;1lb;Fernando to Hayden, 1 leg bye somehow, the leg-stump line is proving very effective in this over. This time, backward square can't stop the single;
1.4;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run pitched up, in the blockhole, on middle-and-off. Driven straight, and Fernando stoops to intercept;
1.3;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run slightly leg-sided again, tucked around the corner again;
1.2;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run banged in and pulled round the corner to short backward square;
1.1;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run outside off stump, shaping away from the left-hander. Left alone;
0.6;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run slightly fuller and drifting onto the pads, clipped firmly up to mid-on, and a jogged single.;
0.5;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run on the spot again, Hayden plays sensibly and straight, and cover cleans up;
0.4;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run on a good length outside off stump, pushed into the covers;
0.3;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run outside leg and Hayden takes a big swing, but doesn't quite capitalise;
0.3;5nb;Vaas to Hayden, (no ball) FOUR runs no messing around from Hayden. Vaas overstepped as well, but that had no impact on the shot. A monstrous mow through midwicket off a good length;
0.2;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run slashed through point, but a tidy diving stop intercepts the boundary;
0.1;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run outside off stump and left well alone;

Welcome back. Australia need 102 for a place in the semi-finals
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
22nd Match, Group F, Cape Town, Sep 20 2007, ICC World Twenty20
101
102/0
Player of the match is Stuart Clark, AUS
Australia won by 10 wickets (with 58 balls remaining)
