Data
WATCH (Indian subcontinent only): Shardul Thakur dismisses Glenn Maxwell with a slower ball
WATCH (Indian subcontinent only): Hardik Pandya takes a juggling catch to send Steven Smith back
8.54pm Adarsh: "Stoinis said that he can't bowl today. No. 6 is too low for him if he is not bowling. Deserves to be the T20I no. 3 for Australia, if not opening." Yes he confirmed in an interview walking off the ground that he can't bowl tonight. There was a thought he would open with Wade tonight but they went with the Hurricanes duo.
Abhishek: "Wow! how good was Natarajan today? None of the Aussie batsmen, including batting maestro Smith had any idea how to play him. Wonder how the ODIs would have looked if India had him in those games."
Vino: "Australia look really strong with both Henriques and Stoinis in the middle order. They both should be part of the white ball cricket playing XI."
8:48pm So Australia manage to get just over a 100 in the second half of their innings, which is a decent effort given how India pulled things back in the middle overs. The clean hitting Wade showed at the start wasn't quite replicable outside of the powerplay, which is usually a sign of a sluggish pitch. Certainly there's purchase for those who bowl cutters. Australia have a decent line-up for such a strategy. Back soon with Alex Malcolm.
19.6;3;Chahar to Stoinis, 3 runs lands between short fine and deep square who are converging. Miscued pick-up shot at this length ball on the pads goes high but lands safely - for Stoins, that is. The fielders were briefly in danger of a collision;
19.5;6;Chahar to Stoinis, SIX runs chopped over the point boundary. Smart batting. Waited on the slower ball this time as he backed away. Chahar attempting another slower bouncer. Allows Stoinis to wait and wait before nailing the cnnection;
19.4;3;Chahar to Sams, 3 runs full slower ball outside off, clears the front leg and drills it firmly to long-off's left. Pandya with the sprint again and can't collect cleanly;
19.3;3;Chahar to Stoinis, 3 runs sliced over point and sweeper has to sprint a long way to his left to stop. It's full and just outside off - in the slot, really. Clears the front leg and has a hack but miscues that one;
19.2;?;Chahar to Stoinis, no run trickles through to the keeper. Slower bouncer outside off. Shuffles for the hook, only gets a glove on it;
19.1;2;Chahar to Stoinis, 2 runs Pandya over-runs but manages to stop to his left. Slower ball, short of a length outside off. Looks to make room for the cut through the off side. Deceived by it and it trickles and turns away from Pandya at long-off;
18.6;4;Natarajan to Sams, FOUR runs chopped firmly to sweeper's right. Slower short ball, sits up nicely and he gets this with a two-handed forehand well in front of square;
18.5;1;Natarajan to Stoinis, 1 run slower ball at a length at off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
18.4;1;Natarajan to Sams, 1 run India think of the lbw review but decide against it. It's a low full toss slamming his front pad as he looks to whip into the leg side. Perhaps slightly outside leg;
18.3;W;Natarajan to Henriques, OUT Henriques reviews a catch behind. Given very late by the umpire, presumably because India were celebrating before they appealed. It's a cutter in the corridor. He was looking to slap that over the leg side. There's nothing on the thermal images, but Snicko has a murmur as the ball is adjacent to the bat. The decision will be upheld;Moises Henriques c ?Rahul b Natarajan 26 (18b 0x4 1x6) SR: 144.44;
18.2;1;Natarajan to Stoinis, 1 run low full toss outside off, waits on that and looks to punch past extra cover with a straight bat. Thakur dives to the left and stops;
18.1;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run full at off stump, backs away and drills to long-off;
17.6;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run good length at leg stump, miscued sweep to deep midwicket;
17.5;W;Chahal to Smith, OUT Pandya takes it at long-off on the third attempt! Good length, backs away and slaps it aerially, inside out. Decently struck. Pandya sprints to his left, and it pops out of his hand. He continues running to his left and the ball follows, on momentum. Pops out again on the second attempt before he gathers himself and takes it comfortably;Steven Smith c Pandya b Chahal 46 (38b 3x4 2x6) SR: 121.05;;
17.4;6;Chahal to Smith, SIX runs lofted straight over the bowler. Good length and dipping on middle stump. Not to the pitch of this but goes through with quick hands;
17.3;?;Chahal to Smith, no run good length and pushed wide outside off, backs away too far into the leg side and can't get a shot away;
17.2;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run full outside off, driven along the ground to long-off;
17.1;2;Chahal to Henriques, 2 runs full on leg stump, swept along the floor to deep square's right;
16.6;2;Thakur to Smith, 2 runs slower short ball outside off, pulled laboriously to long-on's right;
16.5;?;Thakur to Smith, no run full and just outside off, looks to carve through cover, that rolls back to the bowler;
16.4;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run Slower wide ball outside off, inside edge onto back leg as he tries to bludgeon that over extra cover and falls over;
16.3;1;Thakur to Smith, 1 run;
16.2;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run leading edge but safe. Full and outside off. Walks into line and looks to turn it behind square, but that's also a knuckle ball that grips in the pitch;
16.1;2;Thakur to Henriques, 2 runs slower ball at a length outside off. Knuckle ball. Miscues the slog and it plonks and turns to the left of Samson running in from long-on;
15.6;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run off the pad and past off stump. Good length, sliding on at leg stump. Steps out and is beaten as he looks for the flick;
15.5;6;Chahal to Henriques, SIX runs carted over deep backward square. Sweet hit, this! Good length and just outside off. Jumps into line and gets on a knee. Rotates his body as he swats this;
15.5;4w;Chahal to Smith, 4 wide Smith is beaten and so it Rahul. Switches very very early to left-handed. Chahal pushes it wide down leg - perhaps an offside wide for a left-hander too. Rahul can't get to that as it stays low and slides away;
15.4;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run good length and sliding on at off stump. Steps out and punches to long-off;
15.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run good length at middle stump, backs away to punch through the off side. Gets a thick inside edge into midwicket;
15.2;6;Chahal to Smith, SIX runs dragged over long-on! Good length, dipping own at leg stump. Doesn't quite get to the pitch of this but swings neatly across it as it turns away. Beats long-on easily to his left;
15.1;1;Chahal to Henriques, 1 run googly on off stump, driven to long-off;
14.6;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run full on off stump, shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket;
14.5;2;Natarajan to Henriques, 2 runs low full toss at off stump, flicked to long-on's right;
14.4;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run slower ball, short of a length and pushed across off stump. Looks to lace that through the leg side off the back foot, it ends up pitch side on the off via the inside edge and his front pad;
14.3;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run low full toss at leg stump, shuffles and looks to tickle that fine. Can't get it past KL Rahul down leg side;
14.2;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run full slower ball in the corridor, gets down for the sweep and is beaten;
14.1;1;Natarajan to Henriques, 1 run low full toss at leg stump, flicked to square leg's left;
13.6;1;Sundar to Henriques, 1 run short of a length and pushed through flat at middle stump. Watchfully tucked to deep midwicket off the back foot;
13.5;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run short outside off, punched to sweeper cover;
13.4;1;Sundar to Henriques, 1 run length at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot;
13.3;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run pulled firmly back, and that might have carried to Sundar. Will have to get a closer look. It was short of a length and turning in and he pulled it towards long-on. Sundar only managed to deflect it;
13.2;?;Sundar to Smith, no run short and turning into the corridor. Loses the room for a cut shot and this trickles into the off side;
13.1;?;Sundar to Smith, no run short and wide and sliding on outside off, beaten on the cut;
12.6;2;Thakur to Henriques, 2 runs full and just outside off. Mistimed drive turns into a useful chip over the bowler and two to long-off's right;
12.5;1;Thakur to Smith, 1 run low full toss outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
12.4;W;Thakur to Maxwell, OUT sliced to backward point. A knuckle ball gets Maxwell. Floated at a length and wide outside off. He's down on his knee after backing away, trying to slap that over extra cover. He's gotten too far leg side to make good connection. Forced to reach out and a simple catch for Sundar;Glenn Maxwell c Washington Sundar b Thakur 22 (13b 0x4 2x6) SR: 169.23;;
12.3;1;Thakur to Smith, 1 run length and wide outside off, slashed out to sweeper cover;
12.2;4;Thakur to Smith, FOUR runs short of a length this time, angled into off stump. Smiths walks into the off side this time and steers this to deep backward square as it rises off the pitch;
12.1;4;Thakur to Smith, FOUR runs scoops to fine leg. Good length ball in the corridor. Smith had pre-meditated. Quickly down on his knee and nice execution as he gets his weight into the off side. Fine leg was inside;
11.6;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run good length and dipping at off stump, beats him in flight as he steps out again. Wants to loft that over extra cover. It ends up at long-off;
11.5;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run good length on leg stump, hangs deep and swipes firmly across the line. Iyer picks up on the bounce to his right at deep midwicket;
11.4;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs swatted over deep midwicket. That's come off the low part of the bat. A short ball sitting up at middle stump, backs away hurriedly and goes full tilt with the swing. Slightly early through the shot as it turns, but he beats Iyer's leap;
11.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run length at leg stump, steps out and drives to long-on;
11.2;?;Chahal to Smith, no run short of a length and on leg stump, steps out and is beaten in flight. Cops that on the thigh as he looks to close the face on it;
11.1;2;Chahal to Smith, 2 runs thick outside edge dribbles to short third man's left. Beautiful legbreak that, spinning away from middle and catching Smith on the back foot with an angled bat;
10.6;2;Chahar to Maxwell, 2 runs short and wide outside off, reaches out and chops that to sweeper's left;
10.5;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run short of a length and just outside off, stabbed to backward point off the back foot;
10.4;1;Chahar to Maxwell, 1 run yorker and just outside off. Clears the front leg and jabs it to sweeper's right;
10.3;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run slower short ball outside off, pulled firmly to deep midwicket;
10.2;?;Chahar to Smith, no run short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
10.1;4;Chahar to Smith, FOUR runs short of a length and into the pads. Smith shuffles and gently nudges that past short fine off the inside of his bat. To the left of that fielder and quickly into the backward square boundary;
9.6;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run 89kph, attempted switch hit, it's fired down leg, but because he switched it's not a wide. Well bowled;
9.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run 86kph, shorter leg break, he's back and working to deep midwicket;
9.4;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run full on leg, he sweeps to deep backward square;
9.3;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs 88kph, back of a length on middle, he's back and working this slowly to the circle at mid on and immediately calls two. Good placement and running;
9.2;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs lofted over long off! He took on the man on the rope lofting this high to long on and it cleared him and landed in the crowd;
9.1;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run 87kph, leg break outside off, he tries to cut but it slides on and Maxwell misses;
8.6;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run 133kph, full on off, he slices a drive to deep point;
8.5;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run 121kph, length slower ball, he drives on the up to long off;
8.4;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run 120kph, length slower ball, he got back to heave over the short boundary, got it off the toe end and it rolls away for a single;
8.3;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run 131kph, full on leg, he whips this firmly to deep midwicket;
8.2;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run 129kph, full on leg, he clips this through midwicket to the sweeper;
8.1;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run length ball on leg, he's back and tucking this to midwicket;
7.6;W;Sundar to Wade, OUT Wade is run out after Kohli drops the easiest catch you will ever see! Wade charged to a length ball, got a leading edge, it ballooned to cover, Kohli took two bites at it and spilled it. No idea how. It was a lollypop, but Wade had run and Smith didn't, Kohli picked up his mess and threw to Rahul to run him out by miles!;Matthew Wade run out (Kohli/?Rahul) 58 (32b 10x4 1x6) SR: 181.25;;
7.6;1w;Sundar to Wade, 1 wide 84kph tossed way wide of off and it's too wide;
7.5;?;Sundar to Wade, no run shorter length, he's back and slapping this straight to the bowler;
7.4;2;Sundar to Wade, 2 runs he gets down on one too early, Sundar slows it up to 86kph, but he manages to place an awkward sweep to the gap at deep midwicket for two;
7.3;2;Sundar to Wade, 2 runs 100kph, length ball, he's back and mistiming a pull through midwicket for a couple;
7.2;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run 99kph, short length wide of off, he backs away and cuts to deep point;
7.1;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run 97kph, sliding on from back of a length, he's hurried pulling to deep midwicket;
6.6;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run 121kph, short slower ball outside off, he pulls off a bottom edge behind square;
6.5;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run fuller on middle, he works this through midwicket;
6.5;1w;Chahar to Smith, 1 wide full down the leg side, and called wide;
6.4;?;Chahar to Smith, no run an appeal for lbw given not out and India review. Slower ball back of a length, he tried to heave over square leg, it gets hit in the box! No bat involved. Ball tracking has it just going over the bails. Not out remains. India lose the review;
6.3;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run 117kph, slower ball outside off, he pushes a drive to mid off;
6.2;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs short and wide and hammered through cover-point! 50 for Wade off just 25 balls. His second T20I half-century. Exceptional striking;
6.1;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run 128kph, back of a length outside off, he stands tall and punches this to the gap at cover-point;
5.6;?;Thakur to Wade, no run 113kph, length slower ball, it stays low, he pulls but straight to midwicket;
5.5;?;Thakur to Wade, no run 140kph, length ball, he tries to pull but is hurried, he miscues to mid on;
5.4;4;Thakur to Wade, FOUR runs lofted over cover! Slower ball wide half volley, he spotted it, opened the chest and sliced it up and over cover;
5.3;?;Thakur to Wade, no run good bouncer outside off, he drops the knees and sways inside it;
5.2;4;Thakur to Wade, FOUR runs Pandya drops him at deep midwicket! He was perfectly placed, Wade flushes a pull shot flat to Pandya, he runs to his right reaches up but spills it, and it bounces over the rope;
5.1;4;Thakur to Wade, FOUR runs mowed over midwicket! 110kph, off cutter slower ball, it just sits up off a length and Wade smokes it over midwicket with a cross batted swipe;
4.6;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run 120kph slower ball wide of off, he square drives on the up but straight to point;
4.5;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run 130kph, back of a length, fourth stump line, he defends to cover-point;
4.4;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run beaten by a 121kph, slower ball, it gripped off a length and beat the edge;
4.3;W;Natarajan to Short, OUT Great catch by Iyer at deep forward square. This was a head high short ball, D'Arcy Short pulled flat and hard, he nailed it, but hit it straight to the man and Iyer had to back track a touch, jump up and take the catch above his head. Good catch;D'Arcy Short c Iyer b Natarajan 9 (9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;;
4.2;?;Natarajan to Short, no run 132kph, back of a length on off, he is back and mistiming a drive to mid on;
4.1;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run 130kph, good length top of off, he's back and working this wide of mid on;
3.6;4;Sundar to Short, FOUR runs cracked through cover-point! This was slower and shorter, he backs away to give room and places this superbly through cover-point. No one back on the off side;
3.5;2;Sundar to Short, 2 runs he steps outside off to tru and paddle fine it comes off the glove and runs fine for a couple;
3.4;?;Sundar to Short, no run drifting into leg, he gives room but mistimes a drive back to the bowler;
3.3;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run shorter and quicker, he short arm jabs a pull shot to midwicket, he wants two but only gets one;
3.2;4;Sundar to Wade, FOUR runs cracking pull shot! 99kph, short ball, he's back in a flash and thumping it forward of square;
3.1;4;Sundar to Wade, FOUR runs 119kph, fired outside off, he slog sweeps, completely mistimes it forward of square but it runs away for four! This outfield is rapid and that leg side is short at this end for the left handers;
2.6;?;Thakur to Short, no run 114kph, slower ball outside off, he mistimes a drive to cover;
2.5;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run 118kph, slower ball, on off, he works this against the angle to long on;
2.5;1w;Thakur to Wade, 1 wide 135kph, bouncer, too high and called wide. But a worthwhile delivery to get Wade off the front foot;
2.4;?;Thakur to Wade, no run 114kph, length slower ball, he thumps a cut shot straight to cover-point. Wade is flushing them;
2.3;1;Thakur to Short, 1 run 135kph, chest high short ball, he mistimes a pull to deep square leg;
2.2;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run 134kph, back of a length wide of off, he gets a little close to it to cut, but drags it to mid on for a single;
2.1;4;Thakur to Wade, FOUR runs smashed off the hip! What a pull shot! Fractionally short and Wade was all over it, swivelling to smash it behind square;
1.6;1lb;Sundar to Wade, 1 leg bye 94kph, angled into leg, back of a length, it comes off the thigh guard and rolls fine for a leg bye;
1.5;1;Sundar to Short, 1 run fuller, 97kph, no real turn, he's back and working this to deep midwicket;
1.4;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run 94kph, back of a length, fired into middle, he's back and tucking this behind square;
1.3;6;Sundar to Wade, SIX runs slog sweep over deep square! This was fuller in the arc, he got down on one knee early and launched it high over the fence at deep square;
1.2;?;Sundar to Wade, no run 100kph, back of a length, angled into off, he's hurried pushing to cover;
1.1;1;Sundar to Short, 1 run 95kph, good length, darted into off, he's back and working this to deep square leg;
0.6;?;Chahar to Wade, no run 122kph, slower ball, good length on off, he adjusts and defends;
0.5;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs driven on the up wide of mid off! 135kph, good length ball, not a half-volley, but he stood tall and thumped it wide of mid off;
0.4;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs paddles a length ball over short fine! A length ball wide of off, Wade got inside the line early, set up for the paddle and just helped it on its way. It nearly went for six;
0.4;1w;Chahar to Wade, 1 wide good length, 135kph and it swings way wide of off;
0.3;?;Chahar to Wade, no run yorker, 133kph, he squeezes it out;
0.2;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs pulled powerfully wide of mid on! 131kph, chest high angled across, he swivelled and smacked it flat and hard into the gap and it races away;
0.1;?;Chahar to Wade, no run 131kph, back of a length, shaping in, he mistimes a back foot drive to mid on;

Deepak Chahar has the new ball. He was excellent in Canberra. One slip in. Wade on strike
7.06pm The India team is on the sidelines. Wade and D'Arcy Short are opening. So the Australia team misled everyone with the team sheet. Wade and Short have been one of the best duos in the BBL for the Hobart Hurricanes.
Srinivas: "Why is Alex Carey missing ? Isn't he an obvious choice in place of D'Arcy Short, who has been found wanting at the international level ?" He got dropped from the T20 side in England and hasn't returned.
7.02pm Thanks Varun. Hello everyone.
6:59pm Just over ten minutes to the start of play and to take you through the opening part, here is Alex Malcolm in commentary.
Nishant: "4 matches - all won by team batting first. 2 on the same ground. Why did we choose to bowl?" Teams have had success chasing in T20s at the SCG. India won here two years ago chasing.
Jay: "Are Virat Kohli and Steve Smith the only two players from today's XIs likely to be a part of the starting XIs for the first test?" In all likelihood, yes.
Before the headlines around his concussion in the first T20I, Ravindra Jadeja rescued India with the bat. Some highlights here (Indian subcontinent only)
Virat Kohli's wicket is always a big one, whatever the format. Mitchell Swepson got him, with a bit of fortune, in the first game. Here's a replay of that. (Indian subcontinent only).
Australia: 1 Marcus Stoinis, 2 Matthew Wade (capt. and wk), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Moises Henriques, 6 D'Arcy Short, 7 Sean Abbott, 8 Daniel Sams, 9 Mitchell Swepson, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Andrew Tye
India: 1 Shikhar Dhawan, 2 KL Rahul, 3 Virat Kohli, 4 Sanju Samson, 5 Shreyas Iyer, 6 Hardik Pandya, 7 Washington Sundar, 8 Deepak Chahar, 9 T Natarajan, 10 Shardul Thakur, 11 Yuzvendra Chahal



Dave: "Been watching cricket since the early 90's and this is hands down the worst 11 I have ever seen represent Australia in an international.... *That said watch them win now I've said that. " Wigsy: "What is with these Australian T20 line ups! 2 batsmen, a keeper and 42 allrounders! " Gladwyn : "The great thing about the IPL is that it has allowed India to have some brilliant top order batsman and developed a great finisher in Pandya, the bad thing is that the middle order has suffered because all the good batsman go to the top of the order to face as many balls as possible which leads to a lack of number 4s and 5s. Would love to have seen Ishan Kishan given a chance after a strong IPL." Shoeb: "If mayank, bumrah, shami, Saint aren't in playing 11 here why aren't they playing the practice game.. baffling from India. Why aren't they giving them some much needed redball practice"



Langer: Finch texted me this morning and said he was 70-30 to play. He was close but he started moving and it wasn't right. He has a small tear in his glute. He is a chance to play Tuesday.
Manish Pandey has an elbow niggle, Mohammed Shami has been rested. Hazlewood's back is sore and he's being rested.
6:40pm Toss now, Wade to lead. And he loses his first toss. India elect to bowl.
As we wait for the toss for the second T20I, you (Indian subcontinent only) can take a look at all the highlights from the first T20I.
6:34pm Daniel Sams has been presented his T20I cap. George Bailey the man who handed it over to Sams. We're hearing Hazlewood has a back niggle and Tye will replace him. There's also a doubt about Finch's fitness - Matthew Wade will lead Australia if he can't play.
Vinod Rajpal: "Its 2-2 in white ball games of the tour.....desperate to see India taking the lead & win this T20 series making the upcoming Test matches evenly poised for both the teams !!" testcricketfan: "It's ridiculous how people want Manish Pandey dropped after 1 ordinary game forgetting he was phenomenal in the middle order against NZ in that last T20I series."
WAYNE MILLER: "Quick question...Why is Chris Lynn not in the AUS T20 side ATM ? Is he still recovering from injury as he has hit two centuries today including a QLD record! " --- Should be illegal for him to be playing in that league! But about your question - even Lynn didn't have answers as early as last year: 'A phone call wouldn't hurt' - Lynn takes on Australia selectors Amit Mohan: "Bring in Shardal Thakur to do a Jadeja in the final overs, and drop Manish Pandey hoping the middle order is not not likely to fail again..."



If you've missed it earlier, some important team news from the Australian camp this morning: Mitchell Starc will miss the last two matches of this series, he's left the squad due to an illness in his family. And if you missed it in the aftermath of the first T20I, Ravindra Jadeja too is missing the rest of this series with concussion.
6:11pm Good evening and welcome back to our coverage of the Australia-India series.We're back at Sydney tonight for the second T20I. We're gradually progressing towards the middle of India's tour and, as is the case when these sides meet, things have begun heating up both on and off the field. As India come into this series with a 1-0 lead, their red-ball specialists have endured a tough day in Drummoyne Oval. Can Australia's senior team apply similar pressure here tonight? Here is Andrew McGlashan's preview: India finding their groove as injuries stretch Australia
 Innings Start
11:08pm And that is all from our coverage of the second match. Good night, and catch you soon!
Kohli: Yeah meant a great deal. We've played as a team in T20 cricket. The fact that we don't have Rohit and Bumrah, our established white ball players, in and still doing well makes me happy. Everyone has played 14 games at least, recently - so they know what their plans are. We just kept them down to a total which we thought was quite chaseable with the short boundary. It's contributions from the whole team that make you feel better because young players are taking their opportunities. The reason was Hardik coming into the team in 2016 was pure ability. He has raw talent. And now he realises that this is his time, the next 4-5 years, to be that bankable player that can win you games from anywhere. His plans are right and I'm glad to see that. We had a word before the game to ride the atmosphere, and the energy from the fans. [The scoop] there was indeed an AB shot! I told Hardik Tye wasn'texpecting it and he said he didn't either. I'll text AB tonight, see what he thinks of it.
Wade: It was good fun [to be captain], a lot more fun till Hardik came out. I think we might have been a little short - not a lot, but then it doesn't matter when Hardik is in [this sort of form]. All in all we played some good cricket, we just mis-executed in some places and that was it. Was great to see Sweppo and Zamps. These guys have played a lot of T20. Unfortunately we couldn't execute in the end.
Hardik: It's pretty simple. I really like to see the scorecard and play. It lets you know the kind of shots and options you have. All my matches, I've realised you always have more time than you realise in T20 matches. No matter the target - we've got 80-90-100 in the last five before, and I take confidence from that. As a unit we believe in playing positive, it gives everyone a chance as well. I thought Matarajan would have been Man of the Match, he gave us a target about 10 runs lower than it would have been.
Hardik Pandya is the Man of the Match.



AussieBren: "Gutsy call to give the debutant the 20th over! I know Sams is more than capable but the pressure on the young man!" Vignesh: "Natarajan should be player of the match today. On a batting track he was brilliant today" Lucky: "Henriques given only 1 over is a crime on this pitch. We already saw in the ODIs that the medium pacers at SCG are hard to hit that well. " Abdul Pak: "Unbelievable...Pandya...wow...he was so clear in his mind what to do. I love his attitude." Surprised: "Superb strokeplay from Hardik. But why did Sams bowl around the wicket when he was bowling very well over the wicket and making batmen reach for the wide off side deliveries...?!!"



WATCH: Sanju Samson's wicket (Indian subcontinent only)
WATCH: Virat Kohli falls while chasing a wide one (Indian subcontinent only)
10:45pm Birthday boy Shreyas Iyer and Hardik Pandya walk off the winners tonight. Rusty for the most part, Pandya but he's shown up right at the end with two crisp hits to seal it. Iyer did his part too, a neat little cameo from him. That's 2-0 to India, who bounce back from the ODI series loss.
19.4;6;Sams to Hardik, SIX runs slogs it well over deep midwicket! Full and angled into the arc once again from around the wicket. He set up for it, picked that it was back of the hand, and swung cleanly through it. Wins India the series;
19.3;?;Sams to Hardik, no run beaten with a smart bouncer. Follows him down leg side. He looks to improvise with the upper cut but that's past him;
19.2;6;Sams to Hardik, SIX runs pumps that wide of long-on! He continues to stay around the wicket. And slides this length ball into Pandya's arc. He nails it on the up;
19.1;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, sliding into the body. Swishes across it, gets a thick inside edge to deep square leg's right;
18.6;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run short of a length and wide outside off. Cut straight to backward point, who might have got Pandya at the non-strikers with a direct hit;
18.5;4;Tye to Hardik, FOUR runs drilled to sweeper's right. Good length and wide outside off, backs away and throws his hands at it again. Bat turns in the hands again, but this time he's in more control as he gets it in front of sweeper;
18.4;4;Tye to Hardik, FOUR runs sliced over short third. Full toss outside off. Throws his hands at that. The bat turns in the hand and it flies off the outside half of the bat;
18.3;?;Tye to Hardik, no run beaten again. Full slower ball wide outside off this time, shuffles and scythes and misses;
18.2;?;Tye to Hardik, no run slower ball, short of a length and wide outside off. Beaten on the attempted cut;
18.1;2;Tye to Hardik, 2 runs Iyer takes on long-on's arm and finishes the second. Full slower ball at off stump, drilled to long-on's left;
17.6;4;Zampa to Iyer, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, waits on it this time and chops that between cover and point;
17.5;?;Zampa to Iyer, no run short at off stump, cuts straight to backward point;
17.4;6;Zampa to Iyer, SIX runs a no-look slog wayyyyy over deep midwicket! Full and sliding onto his front leg. He gets to the pitch, watches the ball onto the bat and continues to watch that spot as his perfect bat swing sends this a long way;
17.3;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run Wade reviews for lbw. A quicker one slides rapidly onto Pandya's pads in front of leg stump. But there looked to be an inside edge as he looked to whip it through. Hotspot confirms it;
17.2;?;Zampa to Hardik, no run googly at a length on leg stump, through his attempted slog too early. Gets an inside edge to short fine;
17.1;1;Zampa to Iyer, 1 run full and at leg stump. Backs away and looks to loft this straight. Comes off the thick outside edge and lands safely to long-off's left;
16.6;4;Sams to Hardik, FOUR runs chopped past short third man.<.b> Yorker wide outside off, jumps back in the crease and chops down on that. It's off the outside part of the bat and quickly past the fielder;
16.5;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, good length and wide outside off. Shuffles across and slaps this to sweeper's right;
16.4;?;Sams to Hardik, no run short and wide, sliding across off stump. And hurries him and beats his cut;
16.3;2;Sams to Hardik, 2 runs slower ball, short and wide outside off. Cut firmly to sweeper's left;
16.2;1;Sams to Iyer, 1 run full slower ball at leg stump, flicked to deep square's right;
16.1;W;Sams to Kohli, OUT outside edge is taken! Short and wide outside off. Steps out and chucks his hands at that. It was very wide. He had to reach out to make connection. Comes off the outside edge of the low part of the bat. Loops above Wade who times the jump well;Virat Kohli c ?Wade b Sams 40 (24b 2x4 2x6) SR: 166.66;;
15.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run short of a length on off stump, on the back foot to punch to deep midwicket's left;
15.5;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs full outisde off, leans in and flicks with soft hands to steal two from deep midwicket;
15.4;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run quicker one, just short of yorker length. Clears the front leg and drills it past the bowler's right hand;
15.3;2;Zampa to Hardik, 2 runs good length and into the pads. Slugs that wide of deep midwicket;
15.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run whipped to deep midwicket's right off the back foot, that hurried him;
15.1;1;Zampa to Hardik, 1 run length and sliding on outside off. Looks to drive, it comes off the inside half and ends up at long-off;
14.6;2;Tye to Kohli, 2 runs yorker wide outside off, jams it to sweeper's left;
14.5;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs outside edge past short third. Slower ball, full and outside off. Reaches out for the drive as it gets big on him;
14.5;1w;Tye to Kohli, 1 wide slower ball at a length and very wide outside off;
14.4;6;Tye to Kohli, SIX runs he's scooped it! This is rare. And effective. fine leg is very wide. This is a full one outside off, Kohli gets down and tumbles into the off side as he meets it perfectly;
14.3;?;Tye to Kohli, no run yorker dipping into the corridor. Backs away and looks to chop through point. Beaten;
14.2;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs placed perfectly. Short at middle stump, shuffles and meets this in front of his eyes. Gets it between long leg and deep square;
14.1;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run yorker at off stump. Opens the face and jabs this into the covers;
13.6;1;Swepson to Hardik, 1 run good length and turning away from off, punched on the rise to sweeper cover;
13.5;2;Swepson to Hardik, 2 runs full at middle stump, leans in and flicks to long-on's right;
13.4;W;Swepson to Samson, OUT slapped out to long-off. Short of a length and flatter outside off. Steps out and is beaten in flight. But manages to get good angled bat on this. But not enough elevation;Sanju Samson c Smith b Swepson 15 (10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 150;;
13.3;?;Swepson to Samson, no run;
13.2;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run full and sliding in at middle stump. Looks to jab through cover but that slides onto his inside edge;
13.1;1;Swepson to Samson, 1 run good length at middle stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot;
12.6;1;Sams to Samson, 1 run full at off stump, driven down to long-off;
12.5;?;Sams to Samson, no run full outside off, looks to drive but is deceived. Trickles into the off side;
12.4;6;Sams to Samson, SIX runs beauty. A languid pull of the highest quality, bang off the middle of the bat. It's a short one at his ribs. He's on his front foot and swivels to swipe this over deep square;
12.3;4;Sams to Samson, FOUR runs incredible bat speed. Slower ball, short of a length and across him. Waits perfectly on that and still manages to get a good swing through the line of this. Slashed past point;
12.2;2;Sams to Samson, 2 runs slower ball at a length outside off, reaches out and slices to sweeper's left;
12.1;?;Sams to Samson, no run short of a length at off stump, mistimed pull to midwicket;
11.6;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs short of a length at middle stump, whipped firmly to deep square's left;
11.5;6;Zampa to Kohli, SIX runs just, how? Good length, beats him in flight, grips and turns, He's stepped out to play the lofted drive, he checks it at the last moment, but has got it to sweeper's right from an almost back foot position;
11.4;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run googly, full outside off. Drilled sweetly and flat at long-off. Falls short of Smith who says he couldn't spot it;
11.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run short of a length and sliding into off stump. Punched to sweeper's left;
11.2;W;Zampa to S Dhawan, OUT taken at deep square! Good length at middle stump, dipping as Dhawan gets down for the slog sweep. It gets big on him and he follows it with his hands. Manages only to loft it gently for the fielder;Shikhar Dhawan c Swepson b Zampa 52 (36b 4x4 2x6) SR: 144.44;;
11.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run good length and sliding on at middle stump. Steps out and looks to drive through the off side. It comes off the inside half and sprints down to long-on;
10.6;2;Swepson to S Dhawan, 2 runs short of a length and following him down leg side. A laboured pull, not connected too well, but the longer boundary means that is two;
10.5;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run short of a length on middle, whipped to deep square;
10.4;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run full at off stump, gets forward and looks to flick. Inside edge onto pad but that brings up his fifty;
10.3;2;Swepson to S Dhawan, 2 runs full and just outside off, drilled firmly to extra cove's left. Smith puts in a slide at long-off though, running to his right. One-handed. Saves two;
10.2;?;Swepson to S Dhawan, no run googly, short of a length at middle stump. Backs away and cuts to cover;
10.1;2;Swepson to S Dhawan, 2 runs full at off stump, down quickly to sweep along the floor to deep square's right;
9.6;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run short ball, on off, he pulls to deep midwicket;
9.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run 92kph, top spinner, some extra bounce and mistimes a cut to deep point;
9.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run 90kph, shorter wrong un, he cuts straight to backward point for a single only;
9.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shorter leg break, he's back and punching this to long on;
9.2;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run quicker on middle, he slog sweeps, dragging it behind square;
9.1;?;Zampa to S Dhawan, no run tossed up outside off, he tries to slog sweep but drags a bottom edge to short fine;
8.6;3;Swepson to S Dhawan, 3 runs 91kph full down leg, he tickles this fine with the turn and it's a long chase for Abbott. They runs well for three;
8.6;1w;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 wide Appeal for a stumping and they check with the TV umpire. 91kph, wide wrong un, he missed trying to cut but it wasn't called. He just lifted his foot for a moment in the crease and Wade whipped the bails off as he did but he just got his foot down in time. And it is called wide after the not out call from the 3rd umpire;
8.5;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run full outside off, he hammers a drive to deep cover;
8.4;?;Swepson to Kohli, no run fuller slider, he's caught on the crease defending;
8.3;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run 87kph, shorter length, he charges early, and has to just clip this to deep midwicket;
8.2;2;Swepson to S Dhawan, 2 runs 93kph, short leg break, he pulls through square leg for a couple;
8.1;?;Swepson to S Dhawan, no run 89kph leg break outside off, he mistimes to cover;
7.6;2;Henriques to Kohli, 2 runs 113kph, slower ball on leg, he works this through square leg with ease to the gap and gets two;
7.5;?;Henriques to Kohli, no run 115kph slower ball yorker, he jams this out to midwicket;
7.4;1;Henriques to S Dhawan, 1 run full and wide, he mistimes a drive to cover;
7.3;4;Henriques to S Dhawan, FOUR runs brilliant late cut! He stepped outside off early, Henriques spotted it and pushed it wide and Dhawan adjusted to slap it behind point;
7.2;1;Henriques to Kohli, 1 run 123kph, short into the hip, he pulls behind square to the sweeper;
7.1;1;Henriques to S Dhawan, 1 run 125kph, shorter length, he's back and pulling behind square to the man in the deep;
6.6;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run 92kph, quicker leg break on middle, he works this to midwicket for a single;
6.5;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run full leg break, he drives to long off;
6.4;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run 88kph, top spinner, he sweeps infront of square;
6.3;?;Swepson to S Dhawan, no run pushed through on off, he is back and defending again;
6.2;?;Swepson to S Dhawan, no run nearly chopped on. He went back to a leg break, defended but it bounced behind him and just missed the stumps;
6.1;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run 87kph, leg break full outside off, he drives to deep cover-point;
5.6;?;Tye to S Dhawan, no run 141kph, back of a length outside off, he leans back and guides this to backward point;
5.5;?;Tye to S Dhawan, no run 123kph, good length on middle, he works this to forward square;
5.4;4;Tye to S Dhawan, FOUR runs 140kph, too full and wide, he leans on a glorious square drive. Didn't over hit it, just placed it into the gap;
5.3;?;Tye to S Dhawan, no run 140kph, good length angled across, he tries to cut but plays over the top of it;
5.2;W;Tye to Rahul, OUT caught at deep point! Tye goes with the 118kph knuckle ball and deceives Rahul. It was fuller outside off, he tried to loft over cover-point but got under it too much, it went a long way in the air but Swepson held his nerve on the rope and took a good catch;KL Rahul c Swepson b Tye 30 (22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 136.36;;
5.1;?;Tye to Rahul, no run 138kph, back of a length on off, he gets a leading edge trying to work to leg but it flies safely to short third man;
4.6;6;Abbott to S Dhawan, SIX runs charges and launches over midwicket! It was a decent length delivery and Dhawan advanced to get to the length and lofted it over deep midwicket. Terrific shot;
4.5;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run thick inside edge just past off stump. He tried to on the up but his footwork wasn't as assured, it missed the stumps and they get one;
4.4;?;Abbott to Rahul, no run wide half-volley, he mistimes a drive to cover;
4.3;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands to drop it into the off side for an easy single;
4.2;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run better length, wide of off, he square drives on the up with control to deep backward point;
4.1;4;Abbott to Rahul, FOUR runs square drive off the front foot forward of point! Too much width, there is a deep backward point but he crushed it forward of point with sensational timing;
3.6;1;Maxwell to Rahul, 1 run darted into leg, he's back and whipping this to deep midwicket;
3.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run good length off break, he gets a bottom edge trying to cut again and gets a single;
3.4;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs threaded between short third man and backward point! Fractionally short and wide, he's back and placing it perfectly between the pair behind point;
3.3;6;Maxwell to S Dhawan, SIX runs slog sweep over midwicket! That was a powerful strike to the short boundary. Drifting into his arc and he crushed it flat into the crowd;
3.2;3;Maxwell to Rahul, 3 runs a clever lap sweep very fine, it was angled into the pads, he stepped inside the line to flick it fine and Dhawan runs really well;
3.1;4;Maxwell to Rahul, FOUR runs swept up and just over short fine leg! Pitching way outside leg, he swept hard, just lifting it up and over short fine;
2.6;4;Tye to S Dhawan, FOUR runs charges and gets a thick edge that flies fine of short third man! He danced down to drive and gets a thick edge but gets away with it;
2.5;1;Tye to Rahul, 1 run short and wide, he's back and cutting to deep backward point;
2.4;6;Tye to Rahul, SIX runs launched over cover! What a shot. Full outside off, he set himself and crushed it over the long boundary at cover. That was in the slot;
2.4;1nb;Tye to Rahul, (no ball) he over-steps. It was a good length outside off and Rahul missed trying to heave over midwicket;
2.3;2;Tye to Rahul, 2 runs full toss, knee high, 144kph, he miscues over midwicket for a couple;
2.2;?;Tye to Rahul, no run another lbw appeal again turned down by Paul Wilson. No review. This nipped back of the seam at 140kph. It hit the back leg but might have been doing too much;
2.1;1lb;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye an appeal for lbw given not out. Wade says it's worth a look. Tye was unsure. But Wade reviews. He was hit on the back leg trying to flick over square. No bat. It was pitching outside leg. It was very tight. Part of the ball was in line but not enough. That's why Tye wasn't interested. Australia lose the review.;
1.6;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length, wide of off, he square drives to the deep point;
1.5;?;Abbott to S Dhawan, no run full and wide, he hammers a drive straight to cover-point;
1.4;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run short and wide, he lashes a cut hard to deep backward point who is placed for that specific shot;
1.3;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run good length, angled across, he drives on the up and gets a thick edge that flies to third man;
1.2;?;Abbott to S Dhawan, no run good length, fourth stump line, he square drives on the up to point;
1.1;1;Abbott to Rahul, 1 run full angled into off, he mistimes a drive to mid off who is deep on the circle;
0.6;1;Sams to Rahul, 1 run full and shaping into middle, he works this to midwicket for a single;
0.5;2;Sams to Rahul, 2 runs cut in the air through a vacant gully, third man is up, deep point needs to chase and Abbott cuts this off;
0.4;?;Sams to Rahul, no run back of a length, fifth stump line, he defends to gully and Dhawan turns down the single;
0.3;2;Sams to Rahul, 2 runs short and wider, he's back and late cutting through backward point, Rahul slipped slightly turning for two but he made it;
0.2;?;Sams to Rahul, no run beaten by one angled across. Good length, scrambled seam, nips away as he drives;
0.1;?;Sams to Rahul, no run good length swinging back into the right hander and it hits the thigh guard;

9.05pm The players are about to head back out to the middle. Matthew Wade leads Australia out. Shikhar Dhawan and KL Rahul head out to the middle. Daniel Sams has the new ball on debut. He played with Dhawan at Delhi Capitals and bowled to KL Rahul in the IPL. Slip in for Rahul
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd T20I (N), Sydney, Dec 6 2020, India tour of Australia
194/5
195/4
Player of the match is Hardik Pandya, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
