Data
Every Aussie wants to shake Dilshan's hand as they walk off. Dilshan acknowledges the applause from the crowd. hat a top T20 innings. Lawrence sums up Aussie emptions: "Its probably not a good sign when you think "oh good he only got a 4 that time"". We will be back soon
19.6;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run full, angled across him, beats the bat, Dilshan doesn't try the bye;
19.5;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs another short ball, top-edged over midwicket, and somehow even this goes for four. Australia absolutely clueless;
19.4;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs what a way to get to maiden Twenty20 international hundred, with the trademark scoop, it's not connected very well, but enough to clear fine leg. Dilshan leaps for joy, the crowd is going crazy, and everybody barring the Aussie fielders is loving it. White applauds too;
19.3;6;Johnson to Dilshan, SIX runs This is absolute toying around with the bowling. Dilshan stands with an open stance, across the stumps, he wants to go over leg side, and a clue less Johnson serves up a gentle long hop, and is pulled out of sight;
19.2;6;Johnson to Dilshan, SIX runs old-fashioned Twenty20 slog, helps that this is a length ball, and he opens up the stance to send it over long-on. Into the 90s now. Hmm;
19.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run tries the scoop again, but is beaten by the slower bouncer. Called one for the over;
18.6;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run a perfect yorker at the base of leg stump. Dilshan keeps it out, and takes a single;
18.5;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run full, fast, wide of off, Dilshan can't make contact with this one;
18.4;1;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run another full toss, driven down to long-off for one;
18.3;2;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 2 runs slower ball, slogged down to wide of long-on, and they hustle back for the second;
18.2;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run can't do much with a yorker on middle and leg, he keeps it out, though, and steals a single;
18.1;1;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run full toss outside off, gets a thick edge to third man;
17.6;6;Watson to Dilshan, SIX runs another slog-sweep! Low full toss, Dilshan's front leg gets out of the way, and he lofts this over midwicket. Wonder if Watson regrets that throw at Dilshan's face;
17.5;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs a perfectly respectable yorker, but Dilshan stabs at it, hard into the ground, and then over point for another four. This is some pasting;
17.4;1;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run high full toss - not high enough to be called - the top edge falls between midwicket and long-on;
17.3;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run full ball, Dilshan clears the front leg, and heaves this to long-on for one;
17.2;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs short ball, not much width, but Dilshan's wrists manufacture immense power on cut shots, and this has gone for four too;
17.1;6;Watson to Dilshan, SIX runs don't gape disbelievingly when you read this: Dilshan has slog-swept Watson for a six. Watson can't believe it either. Just brilliant premeditation and execution;
16.6;4;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs three strikes and four! Third full toss in a row, and Mendis drives this one square for four;
16.5;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run another full toss, Dilshan misses out too, gets a single to mid-off;
16.4;1;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run full toss outside off, driven to sweeper-cover;
16.3;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run full and around off, played with an open face - another 50-run partnership;
16.2;1lb;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 1 leg bye slower short ball, beats the pull, hits him on the pad, but it is bouncing over the stumps;
16.2;1w;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, 1 wide another wide yorker, Mendis is beaten while going on side, but this is too wide, and is called;
16.1;4;Lee to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs goes for the wide yorker, Mendis gets close to the line, and opens the face on it, guiding past point. This is superb T20 batting. Five fours off the last six balls;
15.6;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs this one is asking to be spanked, a tempting little full toss, and Dilshan flat-bats it to midwicket;
15.5;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs this is a reverse-flick-cum-pull-cum-scoop. I don't know what to call this awesome shot. Dilshan is going for his scoop, sees a slower bouncer, turns the bat face around, and pulls this between the keeper and third man;
15.4;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs another slower ball, another sweep. Dilshan is playing Hastings like he would do a spinner. What a top shot, too, along the ground, and beats deep square. Fifty off 37 for Dilshan. Wild cheers, and why not?;
15.3;2;Hastings to Dilshan, 2 runs this is nearly a sweep, helped by the slower deliveries, opens up the front leg, gets down on a knee, and places this past midwicket;
15.3;1w;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 wide the slower legcutter, starts well wide of off, and is called a wide as it beats the bat;
15.2;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs slower short ball, gets the mistimed pull out of it, but it falls wide of the diving D Hussey at deep square leg;
15.1;1;Hastings to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run driven square on the off side, gets a single;
14.6;1;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run this attempted yorker is a bit of a full toss, and the thick edge yields a single to third man;
14.5;?;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, no run just the ball to bowl with fine leg up, a yorker wide of off, beats his jab;
14.4;4;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs pull with the front leg in the air, and this is hardly a long hop. He goes over midwicket. Disdainful;
14.3;2;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, 2 runs another pull, square of the long leg, and comes back for the second;
14.2;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run pulled away to deep square leg;
14.1;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Ahh the scoop. Like it is ice cream on Saturday evening. Splendid. He covers his head with his arms, and flicks it straight over the keeper's head;
13.6;1;Smith to Dilshan, 1 run the powerful sweep from leg-stump line, gets just the single;
13.5;1;Smith to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run nudges into the leg side for another single;
13.4;1;Smith to Dilshan, 1 run cut away in front of square for one;
13.3;1lb;Smith to Jeevan Mendis, 1 leg bye worked around the corner for another single;
13.2;4;Smith to Jeevan Mendis, FOUR runs reverse sweep here, takes from what his leg stump would be, and places it between point and short third man;
13.1;?;Smith to Jeevan Mendis, no run short legbreak, outside off, the turn cramps Mendis, who can't get it past point;
12.6;1;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run jumps across the stumps to drop this into the on side for one;
12.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run length ball around off, driven to long-off for one;
12.4;1;Watson to Jeevan Mendis, 1 run worked wide of midwicket for a single;
12.3;W;Watson to Sangakkara, OUT what a soft dismissal, lot of premeditation in it as he walks down the wicket. The ball is not nearly full enough, and is also the slower one, and Sanga ends up chipping it straight to midwicket;Kumar Sangakkara c White b Watson 30 (26m 22b 4x4 0x6) SR: 136.36;
12.2;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run another open-face drive, hit hard into ground, White has to stretch to get a hand to it. They take a single;
12.1;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run driven on the up, but straight to cover;
11.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run tucked into the on side, doesn't get a run;
11.5;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run back of a length, around off, the rare defensive shot;
11.5;1w;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 wide wide down the leg side now;
11.4;4;Johnson to Sangakkara, FOUR runs another Sanga trademark, walks across the stumps, and flicks this off his toes, over square leg - brings up 50 for the partnership;
11.3;4;Johnson to Sangakkara, FOUR runs oh lovely shot, on the up, high elbow, and over mid-off. That was one for the photographers;
11.2;2;Johnson to Sangakkara, 2 runs on the front foot a touch too early, gets a top edge on a short-of-a-length delivery, but avoids the fielders and gets a couple of runs;
11.1;2;Johnson to Sangakkara, 2 runs full, on the pads, flicked away fine, and they steal the second. A slightly wide throw from O'Keefe allows them to do so;
10.6;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run worked around the corner for a single;
10.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run;
10.4;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run winds up for a big shot, the ball jags back in, Dilshan's bat comes down on it the last moment. And wait a moment. Watson lets the throw rip at Dilshan's face, he fends it off with his glove, and Australia appeal for a run-out/obstruction to fielders. Turned down, and rightly so. Dilshan never left his crease too. Poor form, Australia. It was clearly evasive action, and Dilshan never left the crease, leave alone intending a single;
10.3;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run slower short ball, beats Dilshan's short-arm pull;
10.2;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run length ball, driven on the up, gets a single to long-off;
10.1;1lb;Watson to Dilshan, 1 leg bye Dilshan tries the scoop first ball, but is hit in the shoulder, and still gets a leg-bye;
9.6;4;Smith to Sangakkara, FOUR runs beautiful shot... Comes down the track, makes sure he is right to the pitch of the ball, and lofts this dead straight over the bowler's head;
9.5;1;Smith to Dilshan, 1 run driven down the ground now, gets a single to long-off;
9.4;?;Smith to Dilshan, no run full, on the pads, Dilshan forces this to extra cover... another dot;
9.3;?;Smith to Dilshan, no run fullish legbreak, Dilshan looks to cut, and is beaten;
9.2;1;Smith to Sangakkara, 1 run comes down the track and drives this to long-off for one;
9.1;?;Smith to Sangakkara, no run accurate legbreak, Sanga taps it back;
8.6;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run short and wide, cut away for a single;
8.5;1;O'Keefe to Dilshan, 1 run pushed quietly down to long-on;
8.4;?;O'Keefe to Dilshan, no run makes room, goes inside-out, finds extra cover... on the bounce;
8.3;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run placed wide of long-on but will get just the single;
8.2;4;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, FOUR runs the slog sweep along the ground, what a hard hit, no chance for deep square leg to come around;
8.1;?;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, no run tossed up, accurate, defended back;
7.6;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs short, into the ribs, emphatically pulled away for four. Along the ground;
7.5;2lb;Hastings to Dilshan, 2 leg byes pulls, beaten, it's either off the leading edge or off the pad, goes fine of third man, and they come back for the second;
7.4;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run good sharp offcutter, tucks Dilshan up, and he has to go back and keep the ball away from the stumps even as Sanga is charging for a single. He comes, nearly shakes hands with Dilshan, and makes it back safely;
7.4;1w;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 wide another slower one gone wrong, a wide down the leg side, with the fine leg up!;
7.3;4;Hastings to Dilshan, FOUR runs slower ball gone wrong, a delicious little full toss wide outside off, and he smashes it for four to extra cover;
7.2;1;Hastings to Sangakkara, 1 run walks into this shot, and drives it wide of long-off for one;
7.1;?;Hastings to Sangakkara, no run angled across the left-hand batsman, and it beats Sanga's drive;
6.6;?;O'Keefe to Dilshan, no run Dilshan misses the sweep and is hit right in front of the stumps, but the extra bounce means there isn't even an appeal;
6.5;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run comes down the track, and pushes this down to long-on;
6.4;1;O'Keefe to Dilshan, 1 run charges at him and drives him down to long-off for one;
6.3;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run pushed into the covers for one;
6.3;1w;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 wide some turn on this, but well down the leg side;
6.2;1;O'Keefe to Dilshan, 1 run risky single after hitting it straight to point, but Hussey's throw is wide, and Haddin has to try and flick it behind his back. A better throw, and Sanga was gone;
6.1;1;O'Keefe to Sangakkara, 1 run worked around the corner for a single;
5.6;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run driven with an open face again, but can't beat cover-point;
5.5;2;Johnson to Dilshan, 2 runs on the pads, worked away into the on side;
5.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run first signs of good Australian fielding as White at midwicket makes the save off a good drive from Sangakkara;
5.3;W;Johnson to Chandimal, OUT Hit wicket! I don't remember any hit-wickets in T20 internationals. This might well be a first. It's a length ball on the pads, but the extra pace forces him deep into the crease, the bat comes down real late, and the over-balanced Chandimal's front leg goes across and hits the stumps. It takes the Aussies a while to realise they have got a wicket;Dinesh Chandimal hit wicket b Johnson 11 (15m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
5.2;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run short and quick, there is room, though, but Chandimal is beaten by the bounce as he tries a big cut;
5.1;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run full on off, driven with an open face, amazing how he manufactures room. A fumble from Watson at extra cover allows them the single;
4.6;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run the quicker one this time, full and wide outside off, beats Chandimal drive;
4.5;1;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 run another slower ball, full this time, and is placed in the covers;
4.4;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run another slower ball, nearly gets Chandimal with it. The limp shot falls in front of extra cover;
4.3;1;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 run slower short ball, Dilshan is through the shot when it hits him in the ribs. Another leg-bye;
4.2;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run front leg out of the way again, pulls, straight to midwicket where a fumble allows them the single;
4.1;1lb;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 leg bye angled into the pads, concedes a leg-bye;
3.6;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run another swing, but this time the extra bounce beats him outside off;
3.5;4;Johnson to Chandimal, FOUR runs again, the vintage T20 technique of clearing the front leg and swinging through or across the line. This one is across, and goes square on the leg side for another four;
3.4;4;Johnson to Chandimal, FOUR runs clears the front leg and swings hard at a full delivery, bounces into the pitch, and beats mid-on to go for four. This is a superb start for Sri Lanka;
3.3;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run slightly slower delivery, pushed between mid-off and extra cover. A near collision between Johnson and Dilshan there. Dilshan is not happy, but it's the batsman's responsibility to run around the bowler;
3.2;1;Johnson to Chandimal, 1 run short, into the ribs, Chandimal doesn't hold back on the pull, gets a single to long leg;
3.1;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run a gentle loosener, short outside off, cut hard into the ground, but can't get past the strong square field on the off side;
2.6;4;Lee to Dilshan, FOUR runs Dilshan now rubs salt into the top-edged-six wound... what a top shot this, it's full, just outside off, the bat jams down on it with an open face, and it goes hurtling across, past point for four;
2.5;6;Lee to Dilshan, SIX runs It's a harsh harsh game... This is a superb bouncer, quick, at the throat, Dilshan is late into the shot, but the top edge sails past the pulled-in boundary ropes behind fine leg;
2.4;2;Lee to Dilshan, 2 runs this is short, there is no room, but Dilshan manages to cut it powerfully to third man, where a bad bounce results in a fumble for Johnson, and a second run;
2.3;?;Lee to Dilshan, no run back of a length, on off, Dilshan plays with an open face, can't beat cover;
2.2;1lb;Lee to Chandimal, 1 leg bye full and fast, but into the pads, concedes the leg-bye;
2.2;1w;Lee to Chandimal, 1 wide Lee welcomes him with a bouncer, but well down the leg side;
2.1;W;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT Timber... The yorker. Jayawardene backs away again, Lee goes full, and in front of leg, Jayawardene gets bat onto it, but only to guide it to the the off stump;Mahela Jayawardene b Lee 11 (8m 11b 2x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.6;?;O'Keefe to Dilshan, no run another arm ball, this one actually turned in, and hits him in the pad, but is also headed down the leg side;
1.5;1;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run whoa, that was close, wonder why they didn't appeal properly... this seems to be the arm ball that cramps Jayawardene even as he is backing away to try and chop it square. Seemed to me to have hit the pad first, dead in front of stumps, but Australia are more worried about preventing the leg-bye;
1.4;4;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs stands his ground this time, and gets a short and wide delivery to cut away for four;
1.3;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run pushes this one through even as Jayawardene backs away, cramps him for a room, the inside edge doesn't make it to the stumps;
1.2;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run another flighted delivery, Jayawardene goes for a big sweep, and is beaten;
1.1;?;O'Keefe to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up outside off, pushed to cover;
0.6;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run now he gets one short and wide enough to cut, and gets a single to third man;
0.5;4;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs MJ seems to be in the mood, makes room early again, gets under a length ball, and lofts it over mid-on without seeming to hit it hard at all. Lovely timing, hit through the line;
0.4;1;Lee to Dilshan, 1 run strays into the pads, and is clipped away for a single;
0.3;1;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run MJ makes room this time and cuts, it awkwardly bounces just in front of Steve Smith at cover-point, who gets a hand to it, but the ball ricochets for a single;
0.2;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run outswing again, MJ plays with soft hands, but straight back to Lee;
0.1;?;Lee to Mahela Jayawardene, no run some outswing for Lee, and Jayawardene leaves it alone outside off, just getting his eye in;

Two slips in place, and here we go...
We are going to start on time. The Australians are wearing black arm bands. Brett Lee will start off as Mahela Jayawardene takes guard. Huge cheers as Dilshan and Jayawardene came out
"I love this Australian team. All 11 can contribute with the batting and easily 8 of them can bowl," says Vignesh Venkatakrishnan.
"Not quite sure why Tim Paine wasn't in the squad - isn't he the T20 vice captain?" asks Smudgeon. Not quite sure myself. He did captain Australia A to Zimbabwe, though
6.40pm Cameron White calls tails, and it is tails. Australia choose to field first. White is not sure of the conditions, and there is rain in the air, which might explain the decision. James Pattinson and Aaron Finch to miss out for Australia. TM Dilshan says he would have bowled first too. Dilruwan Perera, according to Dilshan the best bowler in domestic T20, gets a debut. He bowls off spin, and can bat too. Mahela Jayawardene will open with Dilshan, and Sri Lanka have four spinners in the side, should there be some wear and tear. Angelo Mathews is not likely to bowl; he is taking it easy on the return from injury
6.35pm The toss has been delayed because of a passing shower. The good news, though, is that the covers are coming off, and we could start on time, which is 7pm
6.20pm Hello and welcome to the live coverage of the start of Australia's tour of the pretty Sri Lanka. We begin with a T20I in Pallekele.
An excerpt from Daniel Brettig's preview, where he talks of the new Aussie spinner, Steve O'Keefe: "O'Keefe, like his captain White, is only in Sri Lanka for the T20 matches, and is intent on showing that he should have been allowed to stay on. Peculiarly, his first-class bowling record is far better than any of his spin bowling rivals in Australia, but thus far the national selectors have declined to employ him further. O'Keefe has made no secret of his desire to push for bigger honours, and he can make a start by performing capably here to back-up the 3-29 he took on his T20 debut for Australia against Pakistan in 2010."
Elsewhere in the world, Norman Gordon has become the first Test cricketer to live 100 years, Jonathan Trott is out of the third Test, and Rahul Dravid - at the age of 38 years and 207 days - has made a comeback to the ODI side. And back to this series, Brett Lee reflects at the growth of the Twenty20 format from a joke to a juggernaut
 Innings Start
Time for the quotes from the presentation. "Yeah didn't go to plan, that's for sure," says Cameron White. "Full credit to Sri Lanka and Dilshan. I wish I could have that toss back, but that's the way it goes. We were in the game for 13-14 overs, but Dilshan took the game away from us."
Tillakaratne Dilshan is the Mom and winning captain. He says: "I am really satisfied. Earlier on I batted a bit slowly, and then played the big shots later. It was a good toss to lose. Dilruwan Perera did a great job, as did Rangana. Kula got us off to a great start too. Jeevan Mendis too came and took a few risks, and when runs are coming off both ends, it is very difficult for the bowling side." And he thanks the crowd before leaving.
That's all from today. Do join us for the second T20I on Monday. Cheers
So, as comprehensive as T20 wins get. Sri Lanka displayed better skill, better application, and better knowledge of conditions. Dilshan scored his maiden T20 hundred, Sang and Mendis supported him, and then debutant Perera ripped the heart out of Australia's batting with three wickets. Well-deserved cheers from the crowd. Adde has this astonishing bit of trivia: "This is first victory of Sri Lanka at home in T20 Int." Indeed, after four losses
And Zeke has this awesome rant: "I may be a bit dopey, but I'm confused... Nathan Lyon was a huge revelation last season play T20 cricket, and was the leading wicket taker for Aus-A, playing 50 cricket - but he isn't here playing T20 games, but he's in the test team!? I guess I'm just an idiot who doesn't know a thing about cricket! If they see so much potential in him, why wouldn't they get him in this game and give him every chance to adapt to the conditions?"
19.6;6;Prasad to Hastings, SIX runs Australia finish off in style... but lose by 35 runs! Hastings clears the front leg, gets down on the knee, and slogs this for the biggest six of the night;
19.5;1;Prasad to Johnson, 1 run driven down to long-on for one;
19.4;2;Prasad to Johnson, 2 runs low full toss, placed for a couple into the on side;
19.3;2;Prasad to Johnson, 2 runs pushed into the on side for a couple;
19.2;5;Prasad to Hastings, 5 runs slogged away this time to midwicket, and Lakmal's overthrow goes for four overthrows, through Lakmal's leg. Bad bounce involved;
19.1;2;Prasad to Hastings, 2 runs Hastings lofts over the bowler's head, gets a couple;
18.6;1;Lakmal to Hastings, 1 run low full toss, pushed to long-off for a single;
18.5;W;Lakmal to O'Keefe, OUT Timber. Full, in front of off, O'Keefe swings, misses, hears the death rattle;Steve O'Keefe b Lakmal 22 (14m 12b 3x4 1x6) SR: 183.33;
18.4;2;Lakmal to O'Keefe, 2 runs full ball, slogged down to long-on. Lakmal doesn't realise they are coming for two, and doesn't go to disturb the bails. He was gone otherwise;
18.3;1;Lakmal to Johnson, 1 run low full toss, gets an inside edge onto the pad, gets a single;
18.2;?;Lakmal to Johnson, no run slower short ball, beats Johnson's swing across the line;
18.1;4;Lakmal to Johnson, FOUR runs that's one of the fours. A loosener first up, and he smashes this full toss wide of midwicket;
17.6;4;Kulasekara to O'Keefe, FOUR runs that's the drag flick! Walks across the stumps, and flicks this from outside off, over the keeper's head;
17.5;1;Kulasekara to Johnson, 1 run low full toss this time, shipped to midwicket for one;
17.4;6;Kulasekara to Johnson, SIX runs Lovely clean swing, almost golf-like, over long-on. Admires the shot, and it is worth admiring;
17.3;2;Kulasekara to Johnson, 2 runs good-looking drive on the up, wide of long-on, gets a couple;
17.2;?;Kulasekara to Johnson, no run full and wide inswinger, just inside those guide lines for wides;
17.1;2;Kulasekara to Johnson, 2 runs Dropped. An absolute sitter for Mathews at long-off. He goes with the fingers pointing skywards, the ball bursts through them and hits him in the chest;
16.6;4;Perera to O'Keefe, FOUR runs and now the reverse-sweep, goes swiftly past point for four more. Just delaying the inevitable I am afraid;
16.5;4;Perera to O'Keefe, FOUR runs O'Keefe is getting stuck into Perera, sweeps him over square, finds the gap between deep back wards square and deep midwicket;
16.4;6;Perera to O'Keefe, SIX runs O'Keefe slogs this one for six, clears the front leg, and swings merrily. It's a length ball on the pads, which helps;
16.3;?;Perera to O'Keefe, no run floater outside off, beats the outside edge;
16.2;?;Perera to O'Keefe, no run short again, but finds midwicket with the pull;
16.1;?;Perera to O'Keefe, no run short, across him, cut away to cover-point;
15.6;?;Kulasekara to Johnson, no run Johnson has a swipe at this inswinger outside off. Beaten;
15.5;1;Kulasekara to O'Keefe, 1 run low full toss, hit to long-on for one;
15.4;?;Kulasekara to O'Keefe, no run absolute corker, jags back in from back of a length, cuts him into half;
15.3;1;Kulasekara to Johnson, 1 run driven down the ground, on the up, gets a single to long-off;
15.2;1;Kulasekara to O'Keefe, 1 run big inswinger, hits the thigh pad for a leg-bye;
15.1;W;Kulasekara to Warner, OUT Gone. Kulasekara has been bowling them wide, two of them have been called wide, Warner stretches and finally gets bat to it... and finds extra cover, and it's the same man who dropped him earlier - Dilshan;David Warner c Dilshan b Kulasekara 53 (62m 31b 6x4 2x6) SR: 170.96;
15.1;1w;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 wide full and wide, beats him with the away swing, but called a wide;
15.1;1w;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 wide starts off with a wide yorker, a touch too wide;
14.6;?;Herath to Johnson, no run;
14.5;?;Herath to Johnson, no run;
14.4;?;Herath to Johnson, no run carrom ball, turning from leg to off, Johnson sends back Warner now;
14.3;W;Herath to Warner, 1 run, OUT it's not raining, it's pouring on the Aussies... this was full on the pads, was flicked to deep midwicket, Haddin wanted to, Warner initially did, but then didn't. Too late to send him back. Sold Haddin down the river;Brad Haddin run out (Mathews/?Sangakkara) 7 (7m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
14.2;1;Herath to Haddin, 1 run driven to long-off for one;
14.1;?;Herath to Haddin, no run cut away, but straight to backward point;
13.6;4;Dilshan to Warner, FOUR runs Warner gets to fifty with a pull off this rank long hop. Wide of midwicket. Mild acknowledgement for the applause from the balcony;
13.5;3;Dilshan to Haddin, 3 runs the quicker, straighter one, Haddin reads it well, guides it between the keeper and third man;
13.4;?;Dilshan to Haddin, no run another accurate offbreak, played back to Dilshan;
13.3;?;Dilshan to Haddin, no run slow offbreak outside off, pushed to midwicket;
13.2;1;Dilshan to Warner, 1 run Warner drives this down to long-off for one;
13.1;1;Dilshan to Haddin, 1 run sharp offbreak, worked around the corner for one;
12.6;1;Herath to Haddin, 1 run pulled away for a single;
12.5;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run Dilshan has dropped Warner at midwicket. This was a fairly easy chance, he had it covered, at a comfortable chest height, but the ball popped out. Dilshan is disgusted with himself;
12.4;1;Herath to Haddin, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off for one;
12.3;?;Herath to Haddin, no run the orthodox slow left-arm here, leaving Haddin, beating the defensive prod. Sanga whips the bails off, the replays show his foot comes back just in time;
12.2;W;Herath to Smith, OUT the left-armer's legbreak has done him in. Smith has been jumping out of the crease with no clue as to what to do next, and this team the ball makes its way through the gap between bat and pad. Stumped;Steven Smith st ?Sangakkara b Herath 12 (11m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
12.1;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run Herath's carom ball, Warner is bamboozled, pitches leg, turns to off, gets the leading edge as he is looking to slog-sweep. Falls short of short third;
11.6;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run big swipe across the line, makes contact with thin air;
11.5;1;Dilshan to Warner, 1 run this is fuller, doesn't turn much, gets the inside edge for a single;
11.4;6;Dilshan to Warner, SIX runs rare poor ball, and Warner gets under this long hop to deposit this into the crowd behind the square-leg fence;
11.3;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run sharp offbreak, but nicely dabbed down to third man, from outside the line of leg;
11.2;2;Dilshan to Smith, 2 runs beaten in the flight, ends up chipping this just over midwicket;
11.1;2;Dilshan to Smith, 2 runs another really slow offbreak, cut away to sweeper-cover;
10.6;1;Herath to Smith, 1 run sees him coming down the track, and bowls teasingly slow, gets turn too, Smith drops it to cover;
10.5;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run short-arm jab to long-on for a single;
10.4;1;Herath to Smith, 1 run sharp turn there, cut away to sweeper-cover for one;
10.3;1;Herath to Warner, 1 run short ball, pulled from wide outside off, gets a single to long-on;
10.2;1;Herath to Smith, 1 run pushed to cover for one;
10.1;?;Herath to Smith, no run if I were really harsh, I would call this a drop. A big bottom edge into the Sanga's shin;
9.6;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run comes down the track to get a single to long-on;
9.5;3;Dilshan to Warner, 3 runs beautiful offspin bowling, teasing him with the loop, asking him to drive, and then getting the turn to get the edge. No slip for Dilshan, though;
9.4;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run charges at him, gets a leading edge towards long-off;
9.3;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run slower through the air, beats another attempt at a sweep, he is rushing through the over;
9.2;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run chipped towards midwicket, just short;
9.1;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run full on off, beats a premeditated sweep;
8.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run flat on the pad, worked away for an easy single;
8.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run extra bounce saves Smith as he is beaten trying to turn this to leg;
8.4;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run driven with the turn, gets a single to sweeper-cover;
8.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run turn and bounce, pitches leg, hits him in the thigh area as he looks to turn this to leg;
8.2;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run angled across him, pushed to short third for one;
8.1;W;Perera to White, OUT Perera is running through them here. White goes for a huge slog sweep. This is an offbreak from round the stumps, slow through the air, pitches outside off, turns in, beats the shot, and hits the off stump. Perera is blase about it;Cameron White b Perera 7 (8m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
7.6;?;Prasad to Warner, no run yorker, at the base of off, Warner digs it out. Good comeback after that poor short ball;
7.5;1;Prasad to White, 1 run nearly got him, this one is fuller, nips back in again, gets the inside edge onto the pad;
7.4;?;Prasad to White, no run what a delivery to come back, cuts him into two, this one jags back big time, and bisects the bat and pad. Huge appeal from Sanga, but a good call by Asoka;
7.3;4;Prasad to White, FOUR runs long hop, and pulled away dismissively, past midwicket for four, despite the instinctive initial forward movement;
7.2;1;Prasad to Warner, 1 run driven down the ground and along the ground, but mid-off is back now;
7.1;4;Prasad to Warner, FOUR runs it stops at him a touch and Warner checks the drive, but it is timed well enough to go between the bowler and mid-off for four;
6.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run tossed up, doesn't turn as much as expected, gets an inside edge for a single;
6.5;1;Perera to White, 1 run worked off the pads for one;
6.4;?;Perera to White, no run arm ball, pitches leg, goes towards off, pushed back to the bowler;
6.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run length ball on the pads, pushed to long-on for one;
6.2;1;Perera to White, 1 run stays round the stumps, offbreak from outside off, gets an inside edge for a single;
6.1;W;Perera to Hussey, OUT Timber... this is top bowling... From round the stumps, angled away, pitching outside off, and back through the gate to hit the top of middle;David Hussey b Perera 6 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
5.6;4;Prasad to Warner, FOUR runs this has taken off from just short of a length, Warner is clearly late into the pull, but gets a faint top edge past the diving Sanga;
5.5;1;Prasad to Hussey, 1 run driven away from the body, to third man for one;
5.4;?;Prasad to Hussey, no run desperate stuff, giving him the charge, is beaten by a quick back-of-a-length delivery;
5.3;?;Prasad to Hussey, no run;
5.2;?;Prasad to Hussey, no run No appeal. This is an outswinger, takes the edge, there is a noise, Sanga goes up late, almost an afterthought, de Silva doesn't give it. That was gone. Hussey also looked back right away;
5.1;4;Prasad to Hussey, FOUR runs starts with a gentle short ball, and is puled wide of mid-on. Poor start by Prasad, Hussey capitalises;
4.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run big turn this time, pitches middle and leg, and leaves him, pushed to short third;
4.5;1;Perera to Hussey, 1 run driven square on the off side for a single;
4.4;?;Perera to Hussey, no run Perera is charged up, tosses this up, and then dives to his right to field it too;
4.3;W;Perera to Marsh, OUT Gets a wicket in his first over! This one turned away too, beats an attempt to play it to on, hits him in front. Interesting to see where it pitched. Pitches middle leg, hits him in front of leg after straightening. Would have gone on to hit the leg stumps, I think;Shaun Marsh lbw b Perera 4 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
4.2;2;Perera to Marsh, 2 runs turn there, seemed like angling down the leg side, before turning away and taking the leading edge through the vacant spin;
4.1;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run slower, tossed higher, driven to long-on for one;
4.1;1w;Perera to Warner, 1 wide pushed down the leg side.. no turn first ball;
3.6;?;Lakmal to Marsh, no run good late swing into his pads, clipped away to square leg;
3.5;1lb;Lakmal to Warner, 1 leg bye hits him in the pad with a yorker, but it is swinging down the leg side, hence no lbw;
3.4;6;Lakmal to Warner, SIX runs Warner is playing on a different pitch. Sees the slower ball early, clears the front leg, and goes right over the bowler's head;
3.3;1;Lakmal to Marsh, 1 run cut away now, to third man for one;
3.2;?;Lakmal to Marsh, no run canny little offcutter here, beats Marsh, stares at him, Sanga applauds him from behind. Not a word spoken;
3.1;?;Lakmal to Marsh, no run what is happening here? First of all this takes off from nowhere, and Marsh is still stunned even as Warner has almost reached his end trying to steal a bye. Warner has to hare back, and makes it, thanks to a wide throw from Sanga;
2.6;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run and just then he beats Warner with one that stays low. Pitched middle and leg, moving away, beats Warner's attempt at a short-arm pull;
2.5;4;Kulasekara to Warner, FOUR runs Warner has stunned the crowd into silence with back-to-back fours. Cut away in front of square this time. Kula hasn't quite bowled well to the left-hand batsmen;
2.4;4;Kulasekara to Warner, FOUR runs pulled away, over the top of square leg, beats long leg;
2.3;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run and starts off nicely, with a clip to square leg off the pads;
2.2;W;Kulasekara to Watson, OUT Bowled him! This inswinger is perfect. Short of driving length, and starts well outside off so it can hit top of off. Watson tries to smash it through the off side, leaves the bat-pad gap open, and is bowled. ah, there is an inside edge too, which drags the ball to top of middle;Shane Watson b Kulasekara 10 (10m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 111.11;
2.2;1w;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 wide big big inswinger, well down the leg side, Sanga dives full length to keep the damage down to just one wide;
2.1;6;Kulasekara to Watson, SIX runs Typical Watson shot, length ball, inswinger, just a flick over mid-on, and it has travelled all the way for a six;
1.6;4;Lakmal to Warner, FOUR runs full toss on the pads, the first rank loose delivery, and is smashed to midwicket;
1.5;1;Lakmal to Watson, 1 run another lovely outswinger, not much room either, pushed away for one;
1.4;?;Lakmal to Watson, no run lovely outswinger, hits him plumb in front, but for the late inside edge;
1.3;1;Lakmal to Warner, 1 run tucked away off the hips for a single;
1.3;1w;Lakmal to Warner, 1 wide this is a proper wide, a Test match wide, way way outside off;
1.2;?;Lakmal to Warner, no run cut away in front of square, can't beat point;
1.1;1;Lakmal to Watson, 1 run outswinger, steered down to third man, but Watson is not awake to the fumble from Mathews. In fact he strolled the first, and was in no position to capitalise;
0.6;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run goes for the pull, beaten outside off, the angle does him there;
0.5;1;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 run pulled away this time to long leg, gets a single;
0.4;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run another big inswinger, extra bounce again, another hit in the thigh area;
0.3;?;Kulasekara to Watson, no run big inswinger, good bounce too, hits him in the thigh pad. Or did it miss it? Watson grimaced;
0.2;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run tucked off the hips for another single;
0.1;1;Kulasekara to Watson, 1 run swinging into the pads, worked away square for one;

We are back. Watson and Warner walk out. Not an impossible chase for them. Kulasekara will bowl his inswingers. I have never seen him not swing the ball. Just the one slip
Guvan is disgusted too: 'Gazza - everyone knows that the Australian captain isn't picked for his cricketing brain and ability to lead the team with skill, cunning and good planning - they are picked because someone years ago decided that they would one day be a good captain and it doesn't matter if they never actually do anything good - you can't change the decision once its been made!"
Daniel, meanwhile, sees the positives: "This will be a tough chase for the Aussies to pull off. It'll be good to see them tested straight away in whats a mammoth few months of cricket for the team" And he is not the Dan from Cricinfo
Smudgeon has kept his humour: "Man am I glad this is only hit n giggles cricket. Otherwise I'd be worried..."
"Did you see Watson give an apology or some other sign he was sorry to Dilshan for that ridiculous appeal?" No I didn't, Joseph. That was clearly not on - the throw and the appeal
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
1st T20I (N), Pallekele, Aug 6 2011, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
198/3
163/8
Player of the match is Tillakaratne Dilshan, SL
Sri Lanka won by 35 runs
