Data
6.18 pm: Maxwell finally gets to that elusive ODI hundred which may have just taken this game beyond Sri Lanka. We will be back soon for the chase, but don't forget to tune into Match Point, which should be starting very soon. And while you watch that, take in this latest piece from Sa'adi Thawfeeq on Sangakkara, who has made an important declaration regarding his Test career, which you will have to read about here. See you in a bit!
Glenn Maxwell: It is nice to finally get the monkey off the back. Scored a few 90s recently, so it is nice to finally pull through. It is a big relief to get it out of the way, and hopefully it is the first of many. The top order set us up beautifully to have a little bit of fun at the end. Just need to maintain a good line and length and backup our bowling with some good fielding.
6.13 pm: So in the end, Australia rack up an imposing 376 for 9, led from the front by the 134-run third-wicket partnership between Michael Clarke and Steven Smith which settled the innings, before Maxwell and Watson went ballistic in the end to power them to this significant total.
49.6;1b;Angelo Mathews to Doherty, 1 bye length delivery shaping away as he fails to make any connection with this, but they still end up running the bye as Sangakkara has a shy at the stumps;
49.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Johnson, 1 run heaves this fuller delivery towards deep midwicket, but is held to just the one after this arrived a bit too quickly to the fielder;
49.4;W;Angelo Mathews to Johnson, 1 run, OUT hammers away this length delivery through long on, with Johnson wanting two from the get-go. The fielder in the deep pounces on this before sending in flat throw to Mathews, who is able to knock over the stumps before Starc had grounded his bat. The second run was never really on there, but you got to do what you got to do;Mitchell Starc run out (Perera/Mathews) 0 (1m 0b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.3;W;Angelo Mathews to Haddin, OUT slower length delivery now which Haddin looks to send orbiting over Sydney, but ends up slicing away over to cover, who is able to get under it safely. Has to go as Australia look to rack up as many as possible off these final deliveries;Brad Haddin c Perera b Mathews 25 (16m 9b 4x4 1x6) SR: 277.77;
49.2;4;Angelo Mathews to Haddin, FOUR runs overpitched delivery on middle and leg which Haddin is able to get up and under as he flicks this one through backward square for four;
49.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Johnson, 1 run just gets bat on ball to caress this fuller length going across towards the covers. Gets Haddin back on strike;
48.6;W;Perera to Watson, OUT Watson now looking for the long blast over long off, but Chandimal who is able to settle under this top-edge, is able to complete a catch finally in the deep. Ends a fantastic knock from Watson who has done his World Cup campaign a whole lot of good with this effort;Shane Watson c Chandimal b Perera 67 (86m 41b 7x4 2x6) SR: 163.41;
48.5;1;Perera to Haddin, 1 run dropped really symbolises the kind of day Sri Lanka has had so far as the fielder at deep midwicket drops the ball when Haddin sends an uppish flick over the region. Prasanna was the man in the deep, as he has a rather sheepish look on his face;
48.4;4;Perera to Haddin, FOUR runs Perera. It's okay. These things can happen in cricket... fires in a yorker on leg which Haddin somehow gets a feather of an inside-edge to as this screams away through fine leg for four. Perera would be feeling mighty hard done by that effort;
48.3;4;Perera to Haddin, FOUR runs now targets the vacant space at long off with a heave which clears the mid-off fielder on the ring comfortably;
48.2;4;Perera to Haddin, FOUR runs shuffles a bit in his crease before lasering this fuller delivery from Perera past the extra-cover fielder, who fails to get behind it as it bursts through to the boundary. Mathews was the culprit there;
48.1;6;Perera to Haddin, SIX runs Haddin reminds Sri Lanka of his presence with this powerful strike over extra-cover which just sails over the boundary. Perera dished up a length delivery which Haddin took care of in his own inimitable way;
43.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Watson, no run slower ball just outside off which is fended away by Watson to the off side;
43.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, 1 run Maxwell now moves to 96 with a scythe towards extra-cover;
43.4;2;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, 2 runs dropped when it is your day, it is your day. Not even the great Sangakkara can stop this assault as Maxwell, looking for the unorthodox ramp over fine leg, ends up skying this high through deep fine leg, with Sanga haring on this before putting in a dive towards the right, but fails to take this. Looks frustrated as he realised the significance of that blunder;
43.3;4;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, FOUR runs now it is Maxwell's turn as he inches ever closer to the record with a hard slap over the covers to this fuller length on and around off. Just slapped it away really, but went to the boundary at a rate of knots;
43.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 run trying to bowl another wide one which is slapped away to deep point by Watson;
43.2;1w;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 wide looks to reach out to this length delivery well wide of off, which is called wide by the umpire;
43.1;6;Angelo Mathews to Watson, SIX runs Watson is dialed in now as Mathews delivers a full delivery which is tonked high over cow corner for six. Is looking in ominous form at the moment;
42.6;2;Perera to Maxwell, 2 runs looking for some runs through midwicket, as he is able to power through the first to get back for the second in the nick of time to get into the 90s. Met with generous applause from the SCG crowd;
42.6;1w;Perera to Maxwell, 1 wide searching for the wide yorker as he strays too far down the margin;
42.5;6;Perera to Maxwell, SIX runs just waits on this slower delivery outside off before dispatching it with a pull over midwicket for six. Unbelievable ball-striking from Maxwell!;
42.4;?;Perera to Maxwell, no run delivers a fuller, slow delivery which Maxwell drills straight to the cover fielder;
42.3;4;Perera to Maxwell, FOUR runs even his mishits seem to get to the rope as he mistimes this attempt cart through midwicket to flat-bat this over long off, with this just beating the dive from the boundary rider to the rope;
42.2;1;Perera to Watson, 1 run content to just guide away a single through long on to get Maxxie boy on strike;
42.1;6;Perera to Watson, SIX runs gets this one horribly wrong as he dishes a full toss which is swatted away baseball-style through midwicket for a flat six;
47.6;1;Malinga to Haddin, 1 run careened away inside-out to the extra-cover fielder, who is more than equal to the task;
47.5;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run Watson sends another slice over extra-cover, with this one picked up in the deep by the fielder;
47.4;?;Malinga to Watson, no run again makes room, but Slinga bowls a pin-point yorker to keep Watto honest;
47.3;?;Malinga to Watson, no run makes room and drills this full ball very hard, but straight to mid-off;
47.2;1;Malinga to Haddin, 1 run very full outside off stump as Haddin drives it to mid-off and sets off;
47.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run follows him with a yorker on leg as this is clipped away by Watson through midwicket;
46.6;1;Perera to Watson, 1 run sensibly guides away a single through midwicket to retain the strike;
46.5;4;Perera to Watson, FOUR runs I am almost positive Glenn has departed from the middle as Watto channels his inner Maxwell with this slice over deep extra-cover which he falls away on as he groped at the full delivery. Ends up landing near the boundary, and then getting over the rope, before the boundary rider from sweeper cover could get there;
46.4;2;Perera to Watson, 2 runs picks up a couple through long on as they are able to hustle the first one hard enough to come back for the second in time of the throw;
46.3;W;Perera to Faulkner, OUT in the slot again as Faulkner is obligated to get to the other end after he hears Watson's call. Drilled this to the fielder at cover, who is able to pick it up and throw it to Perera at the non-striker's, who is able to flick off the bails before Faulkner grounded his bat. Bonus wicket for Sri Lanka as Faulkner goes for a golden duck;James Faulkner run out (Mathews/Perera) 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.2;1;Perera to Watson, 1 run Watson scythes away this fuller delivery outside off to the man at cover to get Faulkner on strike;
46.1;W;Perera to Maxwell, OUT and the curtains are drawn on yet another Maxwell blinder as he fails to get away this full-toss delivey from Perera, with this going straight up over mid-on, with Malinga doing well to complete the catch, with a tumble to finish. Maxwell hasn't yet departed as they are looking at the front foot no ball. No issues there as he was miles behind the crease. Looks like this was also a legitimate delivery as it didn't arrive to him over waist height. Has to depart after what has been one of the super innings of the tournament so far;Glenn Maxwell c Malinga b Perera 102 (73m 53b 10x4 4x6) SR: 192.45;
41.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 run carves away a run through to deep cover to finish off the over;
41.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, 1 run just content to nurdle a run over to the leg side as Watson gets to the other end;
41.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Watson, 1 run dabs away a run through third man as the Show gets back on strike;
41.3;3;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, 3 runs dropped I thought I may have just committed the most cardinal of sins after that last proclamation. Maxwell, who was looking to lift this fuller delivery over fine leg with a pick-up shot, ends up skying this high over long leg, with the fielder in the deep running full tilt to try and get under the catch, but is unable to quite grasp it;
41.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, no run full delivery outside of off as this is drilled straight to mid-off. Fastest World Cup century on the cards here;
41.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Maxwell, FOUR runs what can you do when you are bowling to this? length delivery which Maxwell is able to switch-hit away through third man for a boundary. Looked way too comfortable as that was executed;
40.6;2;Prasanna to Watson, 2 runs works with the leg-side slant to pickup a brace behind of square;
40.5;1;Prasanna to Maxwell, 1 run looks for the slice over the covers as this one lands a few bounces before the deep cover fielder. Gets Maxwell of strike, much to Prasanna's delight;
40.4;4;Prasanna to Maxwell, FOUR runs waits on this one flighted in on middle and leg before striking this away through cow corner for a boundary;
40.3;2;Prasanna to Maxwell, 2 runs looks to target the gap at deep extra-cover as he lifts this one softly to the region, but didn't get enough on it to reach the rope;
40.2;4;Prasanna to Maxwell, FOUR runs another one which allows Maxwell some pace to manipulate as he now works this away behind of square on the leg side with a paddle;
40.1;4;Prasanna to Maxwell, FOUR runs darts one in on middle which is slammed quite flat over deep midwicket for a boundary;
39.6;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run another attempted yorker which is sent straying down the leg side. Maxwell could have left this alone to be called wide, but ends up getting a bat on it to flick it away behind of square;
39.5;?;Malinga to Maxwell, no run slower, length delivery going down leg which Maxwell clears his front leg to before arriving slightly early for the pick-up shot over the leg side, with the ball crashing into his stomach;
39.4;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run chips away this attempted yorker on middle and leg, getting this towards midwicket, but thankfully, not all the way to the fielder as he didn't quite middle this;
39.3;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run low, full toss on the pads as he misses again for the blockhole. Maxwell tried to get under it in hopes of getting it over the deep at midwicket, but ends up hitting this away to the deep fine leg fielder;
39.2;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run dishes up a low, full toss on middle and off which is re-directed away through square-leg;
39.1;4;Malinga to Watson, FOUR runs looking to go full and straight as this one dips away to the leg side. Watson manages to bissect the tight gap between deep fine leg and square leg with a flick that bursts through to the boundary;
38.6;?;Perera to Maxwell, no run slower delivery which Maxwell tried to get up and under as he waited on it, but ends up getting through the stroke late as it continued through to the keeper;
38.5;1;Perera to Watson, 1 run turns away this back of a length through midwicket to get to the other end;
38.4;?;Perera to Watson, no run meets this back of a length delivery outside of off, but can't pinch the run;
38.3;1;Perera to Maxwell, 1 run just can't keep him quiet as he gets to the other end after this attempted pickup shot through fine leg fails to come off;
38.2;6;Perera to Maxwell, SIX runs provides him some pace now, which Maxwell laps up as he heaves over deep midwicket to just get this over the rope. Brings up yet another World Cup fifty, this one coming off just 26 balls.;
38.1;2;Perera to Maxwell, 2 runs gets this slower ball horribly wrong as Maxwell carts this full toss away to deep midwicket for a brace;
37.6;4;Malinga to Watson, FOUR runs Watson looks to have carried on from Maxwell here as he now hooks this shorter delivery on leg through backward square to make it consecutive boundaries;
37.5;4;Malinga to Watson, FOUR runs Watson has a wry smile as he pushes at this fuller delivery outside off to find the boundary at long on;
37.4;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run slower delivery on and around leg which is struck away towards long on as Maxwell helps raise the fifty-run partnership between these two;
37.3;4;Malinga to Maxwell, FOUR runs just too good. Simply too good. Maxwell takes on one of the best bowlers in the game as he lines up this yorker on middle with an aerial scythe through extra-cover to find the boundary. Predictable from Malinga, but Maxwell still managed to put him away;
37.2;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run hooks the bowler now through to long leg to get Maxwell on strike;
37.1;2;Malinga to Watson, 2 runs leg-stump half-volley from Malinga which is flicked away behind square on the on side for a couple of runs;
36.6;2;Prasanna to Maxwell, 2 runs able to get away a flick through to deep midwicket as he completes a brace;
36.5;2;Prasanna to Maxwell, 2 runs the lofted flick now, flighted delivery and just outside off, Maxwell picks out the gap at wide long on, Chandimal gets across and keeps them down to a couple;
36.4;4;Prasanna to Maxwell, FOUR runs unbelievable skill from Maxwell! takes this one tossed up on off before dispatching it with a reverse-paddle flick through third man for four. More of a switch hit really, but it got the result he wanted;
36.3;2;Prasanna to Maxwell, 2 runs picks up a pair through deep midwicket with a forceful clip;
36.2;6;Prasanna to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell shows just why he is the package as he fetches this one on off before slamming it over deep backward square with a flick. Incredible shot as there really wasn't anything different Prasanna could have done there;
36.1;1;Prasanna to Watson, 1 run tossed up and on the stumps, driven down towards long on for a single;
35.6;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run full delivery slipping down the pads as this is flicked away fine behind of square, but he didn't place it into the gap as this one is pulled up before the rope;
35.5;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run gets away a shot through extra-cover, which is pounced upon by the fielder;
35.4;?;Malinga to Maxwell, no run another beauty targeting the base of middle and off as Maxwell digs this out;
35.3;?;Malinga to Maxwell, no run another yorker which follows Maxwell as he backed away in hopes of creating space;
35.2;?;Malinga to Maxwell, no run fires in a yorker on the toes which is flicked away to short midwicket;
35.1;1;Malinga to Watson, 1 run short delivery which is hooked away rather awkwardly by Watto towards long leg;
34.6;1;Dilshan to Watson, 1 run able to work away a run through fine leg to retain the strike for the first over of the Batting Powerplay;
34.5;1;Dilshan to Maxwell, 1 run sensibly gets away a clip through midwicket as he looked for the second, but is dissuaded once he sees the fielder pick up the ball in the field;
34.4;6;Dilshan to Maxwell, SIX runs sends this one sailing high and mighty over long off now as he definitely got a hold of this. Maxwell looking to play his natural game here;
34.3;4;Dilshan to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell doesn't quite time this chip over extra-cover, doing just enough to get over the cover fielder to the boundary;
34.2;?;Dilshan to Maxwell, no run content to defend this one back to the bowler in his follow through;
34.1;2;Dilshan to Maxwell, 2 runs flighted from the bowler as Maxwell is lucky to get away with this mistimed strike high over cover, with three fielders converging before this fell in between;
33.6;2;Senanayake to Watson, 2 runs Watson reaches out to this one floated just outside off before padlding away dangerously close to Sangakkara's outstretched gloves over fine leg, which he is able to avoid in the end;
33.5;?;Senanayake to Watson, no run Watson a touch tentative as he turned this delivery away to midwicket;
33.4;1;Senanayake to Maxwell, 1 run unfurls the powerful reverse-sweep to sweeper cover to get to the other end;
33.3;4;Senanayake to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell has faced enough balls now for him to go hard at this one floated on off as he finds the long off boundary with ease;
33.2;?;Senanayake to Maxwell, no run steered towards the off side, but finds the close-in fielder;
33.1;?;Senanayake to Maxwell, no run tries to nudge away a single on the leg side, but doesn't get it away;
32.6;?;Dilshan to Watson, no run defends away this one drifted in on middle and leg to the leg side;
32.5;?;Dilshan to Watson, no run defended from within the confines of his crease;
32.4;1;Dilshan to Maxwell, 1 run driven away by Maxwell through deep extra-cover as he crosses over for the single;
32.3;W;Dilshan to Smith, OUT and now it is Steven Smith's time to go as he looks for a tonk straight down the ground, with this one swirling high in the air before Thisara, somewhere between long off and extra-cover, is able to get under it and take it before falling away. Met with great excitement by the SL fans as Smith storms away after a brilliantly played 72;Steven Smith c Perera b Dilshan 72 (107m 88b 7x4 1x6) SR: 81.81;
32.2;1;Dilshan to Maxwell, 1 run gets away a punch square off the wicket on the off side;
32.1;?;Dilshan to Maxwell, no run looks to force away a drive through the covers, but is held by the silly mid-off fielder;
31.6;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run bowls a peach of a yorker, almost similar to the one that did in Clarke, as Maxwell is able to dig this one out towards the leg side;
31.5;W;Malinga to Clarke, OUT Malinga shows why he is the best in the business when it comes to these moments as he displaces the base of middle and leg with a fierce leg-stump half-volley that hits the mark. Clarke, looking for quick runs through long on, plays all around it. Hang on, though, as Malinga may have just overstepped here. Clarke may just get called back here as he lands the back of the foot just on the line. In the end, Clarke continues off as the skipper has to go for a run-a-ball 68;Michael Clarke b Malinga 68 (82m 68b 6x4 0x6) SR: 100;
31.4;4;Malinga to Clarke, FOUR runs third time not the charm for Malinga as he looks for yet another yorker on off which Clarke middles away through long off to pick up a boundary. Just timed it away beautifully really;
31.3;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run again searching for the blockhole as this is hit away on the full to mid-on;
31.2;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run gets the yorker wrong as he dishes a low, full toss which is instinctively struck away to long on;
31.1;2;Malinga to Clarke, 2 runs short enough for Clarke to pull square off the wicket as this just slows up before the boundary rope, with the fielder picking this up;
30.6;?;Senanayake to Smith, no run steered straight back to the bowler to end a good over for Australia;
30.5;4;Senanayake to Smith, FOUR runs this time shifts the line on middle and off as Smith is able to cut this away fiercely through the covers for a boundary. Had no margin for error there with only one man out on the off side;
30.4;2;Senanayake to Smith, 2 runs tries to paddle away fine through fine leg as he is mindful of Malinga at leg slip, but doesn't get enough on it to reach the boundary;
30.3;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run tucks away this one off the pads through backward square;
30.2;2;Senanayake to Clarke, 2 runs drags the length as he hammers the spinner inside-out over extra-cover, with Perera doing well to stop this with his foot before it reached the rope;
30.1;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run operates a leg-stump line as Smith is able to glance this away square off the wicket;
29.6;4;Perera to Clarke, FOUR runs full and in the slot as this time Clarke lifts over long off to find the boundary rope after a couple of bounces. Has really paced this innings superbly so far.;
29.5;4;Perera to Clarke, FOUR runs length delivery straying on the pads as Clarke picks his spot at deep backward square to get away a boundary before the chasing boundary rider from square-leg;
29.4;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run steered away on the front foot through the off side;
29.3;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run looking to target deep extra-cover with a chip before getting away a slice through third man for one;
29.2;?;Perera to Clarke, no run defends this slow back of a length delivery to the bowler;
29.1;?;Perera to Clarke, no run punches away this length delivery towards extra-cover, with the fielder able to field this after the misfield from short mid-off;
28.6;6;Senanayake to Smith, SIX runs Smith decides this last one has to go, as he gets down the track to lift the bowler, although not in total control, over long off to just sail over the boundary into the stands;
28.5;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run nurdles a single to deep midwicket as Clarke moves to fifty. Met with generous applause from the SCG faithful. Has really been an excellent, guiding hand as Australia look to build a platform;
28.4;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run works with the leg-side slant of the delivery to tickle this away through fine leg;
28.3;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run now cuts away through to sweeper cover to move to 49. Also brings up their 100-run stand;
28.2;4;Senanayake to Clarke, FOUR runs half-trekker doesn't quite come out of the hand properly as Clarke picks this early to belt this over extra-cover for a boundary;
28.1;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run steers the spinner through long on for a comfortable single;
27.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 run turns away this length delivery through the same region to keep the strike;
27.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run jabbed away off the back foot through midwicket for a comfortable single;
27.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 run dabs away this short of a length outside his off stump to third man;
27.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run gets nicely behind this back of a length outside his off stump;
27.3;1w;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 wide first sight of a short ball all day as this one is allowed to carry through outside of off to the keeper. Called wide by the leg umpire;
27.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run lovely push now down the ground which he doesn't quite time away as this is picked up by the long on fielder;
27.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, FOUR runs offers up a hit-me length outside of off as Clarke is able to play a crisp, expansive drive through the covers to find the boundary;
26.6;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run eases away a run down to long on to end the over;
26.5;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run looking for the forceful bludgeon through extra-cover, but is not able to get this away as he would have liked as this is reined in before the rope;
26.4;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run looking to target the vacant space at long leg, but ends up locating the protection kept at deep backward square;
26.3;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run struck away now through long off, with the fielder coming round to field;
26.2;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run comes down the track before working away Dilshan through the same region;
26.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run defended with a firm push as this makes it way down to long on;
25.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run looking for the heave through long on, but ends up getting away an inside-edge through backward square;
25.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 run fuller one which is flicked away through deep square-leg;
25.4;3;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 3 runs carves away a drive through mid-off as the misfield near the ring allows Clarke some bonus runs;
25.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, no run has a nibble at this back of a length which just shapes away as the extra bounce may have saved him there as it carried through to the keeper;
25.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Smith, 1 run glides away the medium-pacer through third man for one;
25.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Clarke, 1 run gets away this loosener from the SL captain with a clip through to deep midwicket;
24.6;4;Dilshan to Smith, FOUR runs gets to a deserved World Cup fifty with a paddle through fine leg to this one sliding in on middle and leg. Has been a calming presence for Australia out in the middle;
24.5;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run comes down a touch before offering a chance to Dilshan, who leaps low to his left to try and turn this into a caught-and-bowled. Ends up being picked up at a deepish mid-off position;
24.4;?;Dilshan to Smith, no run nudged away towards the leg side by Smith;
24.3;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run Malinga does well at deep backward square after Clarke pulled this away to try and find the boundary;
24.2;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run eased away now to long on for one;
24.1;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run sliding down leg as this one is turned away through midwicket for a single;
23.6;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run just gets it past the silly mid-on to pickup a single through long on;
23.5;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run struck away hard through mid-off, with the fielder putting in a dive to cut this off;
23.4;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run waltzes down before steering away the bowler through long on;
23.3;4;Prasanna to Smith, FOUR runs width given and with backward point short on the off side, Smith is able to cut this one away powerfully through the region to pickup a useful boundary;
23.2;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run dances down before guiding this one past a sprawling Prasanna to find long off;
23.1;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run comes down the track before locating midwicket with a clip;
22.6;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run defended on the front foot to end the over. Australia have also moved to 100 after that single from the fourth ball. Has been a good recovery after losing Finch for just under 50 on the board;
22.5;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run defended from the crease after he initially looked to flutter down the track;
22.4;1;Dilshan to Smith, 1 run tucked away round the corner to find deep fine leg;
22.3;1;Dilshan to Clarke, 1 run steered away now through long on for one;
22.2;2;Dilshan to Clarke, 2 runs glances away a run just behind of square, with Clarke running hard for the second to just make it in before the throw, which was collected by Sangakkara, came in;
22.1;?;Dilshan to Clarke, no run tossed up and on off, Clarke comes down the track and drives it straight to cover;
21.6;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run Smith comes down the track, takes the ball on the full, and drives it straight to MJ at silly mid-on;
21.5;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run advances down before striking this straight to the man at short cover on the bounce;
21.4;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run slower and just outside off. Smith presses forward in defence;
21.3;2;Prasanna to Smith, 2 runs Malinga shows nifty footwork on the boundary edge at sweeper cover after this cut from Smith almost makes its way to the rope;
21.2;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run this time tries to force away a straight drive past the bowler, but Prasanna is able to leap to his left in his follow through to pounce on the ball;
21.1;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run comes down the track before steering this one straight to the midwicket fielder;
20.6;4;Perera to Clarke, FOUR runs opts for the calculated bludgeon over long on, which he pulls off quite well in the end as this goes all the way to the boundary for four;
20.5;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run shortish length which is worked away through third man by the batsman;
20.4;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run slaps away this fuller length to the same fielder as he gets to the other end;
20.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run width outside off which is caressed away to sweeper cover;
20.2;?;Perera to Smith, no run defended away to the man at backward point as they continue to look only for the bad balls;
20.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run short of a length which is defended from the back foot;
19.6;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run width on offer as he cuts this away through cover for a single;
19.5;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run defended from within the confines of his crease;
19.4;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run comes down a bit before guiding this away through mid-on;
19.3;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run defended carefully back to the bowler;
19.2;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run flighted and on the stumps, turned towards the on side;
19.1;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run comes down the track as Mathews puts in a fine stop at mid-on, much to the appreciation of this significant Sri Lankan fan-base at the ground;
18.6;?;Perera to Clarke, no run looking to force away a drive on the up through cover point, but doesn't time it well at all;
18.5;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run short of a length and heading down the leg side as this one is worked away off the back foot for a single;
18.4;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run straying on a leg-stump line as this is helped away with the angle with a pull to backward square;
18.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run angling onto middle and leg as this is tucked away behind of square;
18.2;?;Perera to Smith, no run fuller one outside off which Smith is late on as he tried to scythe this away through the off side;
18.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run full delivery which is struck away to the man at mid-on;
17.6;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run defended from the relative safety of his crease to bring drinks onto the field;
17.5;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run looking to come down as this one is steered away to the fielder at deep midwicket;
17.4;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run gets in a good jab to find the man at extra-cover;
17.3;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run sliding down leg as he shimmies down before directing this away through square-leg;
17.2;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run gets in a good stride as this ball is turned away to the leg side;
17.1;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run eases away this one drifted in by the spinner through long on;
16.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run shuffles over before clipping this length delivery through midwicket for one;
16.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run covers the line of this back of a length which just nibbles in a touch outside his off stump;
16.4;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run short of a length outside his off stump which is run down towards a squarish third man;
16.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run straying on the pads as this is glanced away through square-leg;
16.2;?;Perera to Smith, no run length delivery on middle and off which is fended away by the batsman;
16.1;?;Perera to Smith, no run length delivery just outside of off which is defended by the batsman;
15.6;2;Senanayake to Clarke, 2 runs picks up two through deep extra-cover as Malinga fires in a throw at the non-striker's, but is late in the end;
15.5;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run Clarke is opened up by the drift away from him on this slider as he get a thickish edge, which luckily for him falls away from any harm;
15.4;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run shimmies down before clipping away the bowler through long on;
15.3;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run steps out and flicks the flighted delivery to deep midwicket;
15.2;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run the carrom ball outside off stump, cut to backward point;
15.1;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run tries to force away this one drifted on middle and leg through mid-on, but is unsuccessful in the attempt after the silly mid-on fielder gets behind the ball;
14.6;?;Perera to Smith, no run defended away off the back foot to the leg side to end the over;
14.5;4;Perera to Smith, FOUR runs overpitched outsid off and driven with ease through long on to just get it past the mid-on fielder for a boundary;
14.4;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run nudges away a single through midwicket to get to the other end;
14.3;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run looking to guide one away through the off side, before mishitting this one to midwicket in the end;
14.2;1;Perera to Clarke, 1 run delivery outside off which is driven away off the back foot through the covers;
14.1;?;Perera to Clarke, no run begins with a length delivery outside off which is struck to the silly mid-off fielder;
13.6;?;Senanayake to Smith, no run width given outside off, but Clarke fails to get away this cut through backward point after he picks out the fielder;
13.5;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run pulled away now to deep square-leg for one;
13.4;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run looks to clip this one away through the leg-side, with this one going in the air temporarily before falling away;
13.3;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run pushed away off the back foot towards the bowler;
13.2;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run eased away to long on for a single;
13.1;?;Senanayake to Smith, no run freely comes down the track before just nudging this one past the bowler to his right, who tried his best to get to it with a dive;
12.6;2;Prasanna to Clarke, 2 runs shimmies a touch before placing this with a drive to deep extra-cover;
12.5;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run now picks up a single to the man at a deepish mid-on;
12.4;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run flights this one wide of off as this is driven away to deep cover;
12.3;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run driven firmly down towards the man at wide long off;
12.2;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run tosses one up on and around off as this is driven down to long off;
12.1;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run flighted on middle and leg as he waltzes down before clipping away towards deep midwicket;
11.6;?;Senanayake to Clarke, no run tries to get past the man at short midwicket, but ends up locating him instead;
11.5;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run guided away through long on as these two continue to rotate the strike;
11.4;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run shimmies down a touch before easing away the ball to long on;
11.3;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run comes down before easing away a drive through deep midwicket;
11.2;?;Senanayake to Smith, no run fends away this one drifted in towards backward point;
11.1;1;Senanayake to Clarke, 1 run clipped away through to deep midwicket for one;
10.6;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run targets the gap at cover to retain the strike for the next over;
10.5;1;Prasanna to Smith, 1 run works away the bowler through cover point to get a single;
10.4;?;Prasanna to Smith, no run defended away to the leg side by Smith;
10.3;1;Prasanna to Clarke, 1 run gets away a single through sweeper cover to get to the other end;
10.2;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run huge appeal as Clarke is struck in front after advancing down a bit, but looks like he may have been struck outside as the umpire remained unmoved;
10.1;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run looks like he read that one well as he shoulders arms to this one drifted in outside of off, before turning away;
9.6;4;Angelo Mathews to Smith, FOUR runs elegant drive on the up through point to find the boundary rope in good time. Executed quite beautifully in the end;
9.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run Dilshan gets the Sri Lankan fans off their feet with an athletic stop at backward point to his left as Smith looked to glide away through backward point;
9.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Smith, FOUR runs full delivery on middle and leg which is met with the full face as this is driven beautifully through long on for a boundary. Just pushed at it really as this raced away across the outfield;
9.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run punches away this back of a length towards the covers;
9.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run another length delivery, this time a bit wider now from Mathews, as Smith continues to give respect;
9.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run back of a length outside of off which is allowed to go through to the keeper;
8.6;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run tries to cut away through backward point, but picks out one of those four fielders on the off side;
8.5;?;Prasanna to Clarke, no run defends this one darted in back to the bowler;
8.4;W;Prasanna to Finch, OUT Prasanna you beauty! Removes the ever-dangerous Finch with a slider down the leg side which Finch attacked early as he played down the wrong line. Sangakkara does the rest as he picks this up and flicks the bails in one fluid motion as Finch looks back disconcertingly. Huge roar from the Sri Lankans as Finch makes his way back to the pavilion;Aaron Finch st ?Sangakkara b Prasanna 24 (38m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 100;
8.3;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run darted in on middle and off as this is cut away to the man at point;
8.2;4;Prasanna to Finch, FOUR runs strays a bit too far down the leg side now as this is swept away through fine leg for a boundary;
8.1;?;Prasanna to Finch, no run drifts one in on middle and leg which is struck back to him in his follow through;
7.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run turned away to the leg side to end a good over from Mathews;
7.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run gets in a good stride to bunt this length delivery away to the off side;
7.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run fuller one outside of off which is allowed to go through after he initially looked to flirt with it;
7.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run appears to strike Smith's back pad on and around off as he got forward. Mathews goes up for a vociferous appeal, but is turned out. After a brief consultation, decides he wants the review. Replays confirm that this ball may have just struck outside off, as they now check for the inside-edge, which doesn't appear to be there. The original decision stands after everything has been checked.;
7.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Smith, no run fuller length, wide of off, which is watched carefully by the batsman;
7.1;3;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 3 runs begins with a loosener on middle and leg which is driven away through long on for three runs;
6.6;?;Malinga to Smith, no run gets in a good stride before fending away this Malinga length delivery to the off side;
6.5;?;Malinga to Smith, no run looks to clip away the bowler through midwicket, but the silly mid-on is not having any of it;
6.4;?;Malinga to Smith, no run similar line, but perhaps a touch shorter, as this is left well alone;
6.3;?;Malinga to Smith, no run length delivery outside of off which is allowed to carry through;
6.2;?;Malinga to Smith, no run defended away to the off side by the batsman;
6.1;2;Malinga to Smith, 2 runs looks to drive this one past the extra-cover fielder, with the misfield allowing him the run, but he wanted two all the time as he turns back quickly. Finch, who was running to the danger end, is just able to make his ground before Malinga is able to collect and whip off the bails at the non-striker's;
5.6;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run gets onto the back foot as this one is defended back to the bowler;
5.5;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run gets forward to this drifted delivery on middle and leg;
5.4;1;Senanayake to Smith, 1 run guides away a single now through long on to get Finch back on strike;
5.3;3;Senanayake to Finch, 3 runs now given some width as this is dragged across him, with Finch placing this down to sweeper cover, stealing three runs in the end as this one is pulled back before the rope;
5.2;4;Senanayake to Finch, FOUR runs this time straying on leg-stump as Finch is able to sweep this round the corner to find a boundary through long leg;
5.1;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run goes round the wicket as this one is defended back carefully to the bowler;
4.6;4;Malinga to Smith, FOUR runs caresses this fuller length outside off as this beats extra-cover to find the boundary .Steven Smith shows some of that wonderful class he exhibited in the India-Australia Tests last year;
4.5;?;Malinga to Smith, no run full delivery on middle and leg which is clipped away to mid-on;
4.4;?;Malinga to Smith, no run once again gets forward to this length delivery outside his off stump;
4.3;?;Malinga to Smith, no run fuller length sent in round-arm on off as this one is defended away towards mid-off;
4.3;1w;Malinga to Smith, 1 wide shuffles over to the off side as this attempted yorker on leg misses its mark, with the umpire calling a wide. Smith had shuffled over too much, so is lucky that Malinga did not find the target;
4.2;W;Malinga to Warner, OUT what a set-up from Malinga! this time takes off the pace of this length delivery on middle and off, deceiving Warner as he offers a half-hearted push which finds it way to extra-cover, who is able to take it comfortably. Huge blow for Australia as Warner has to go;David Warner c Prasanna b Malinga 9 (16m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
4.1;?;Malinga to Warner, no run there is the quintessential Malinga yorker. Fires this one in on middle and leg which is dug out successfully by Warner through the leg side;
3.6;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run looks to tuck away Sachi through backward square, but is unable to do so in the end;
3.5;1;Senanayake to Warner, 1 run sliding down the leg-side as Warner paddles this over towards deep midwicket;
3.4;?;Senanayake to Warner, no run this time shifts onto the back foot to defend the bowler away;
3.3;?;Senanayake to Warner, no run defended back to the bowler on the front foot;
3.2;4;Senanayake to Warner, FOUR runs goes round the wicket as Warner is able to skip down to this floated delivery on middle as he chips inside-out over extra-cover for a boundary;
3.1;1;Senanayake to Finch, 1 run defends this one away to the off side before noticing the space between the ball and the fielder at cover, so they decide to go through for the single;
2.6;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run plays this one close to the body outside his off stump as they scamper through for the quick single;
2.5;?;Malinga to Finch, no run looks to punch through extra-cover now, with the fielder able to stop this in the end inside of the ring;
2.4;?;Malinga to Finch, no run fuller length, with a hint of away swing, as this one is steered away towards point;
2.3;4;Malinga to Finch, FOUR runs just a bit wide as Finch is able to free his arms and scythe this away beautifully through cover point for a boundary;
2.2;?;Malinga to Finch, no run length delivery which is defended on the front foot;
2.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run good length delivery swinging away outside off stump. Finch defends off the front foot to point;
1.6;3;Senanayake to Finch, 3 runs continues operating this leg-stump line as this one is now tickled away through fine leg;
1.5;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run Finch goes for the drive and gets an inside egde to midwicket;
1.4;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run is well early on this sweep round the corner to this leg-side delivery, with Sangakkara trying to get at the ball as it bobbled near him, but is unable to get to it;
1.3;?;Senanayake to Finch, no run plays at this one floated up on middle and leg quite tentatively as it is defended to the leg side;
1.2;1;Senanayake to Warner, 1 run gets on the back foot to punch this away to long off;
1.1;?;Senanayake to Warner, no run goes round the wicket as he drifts in one on middle and leg which is fended away towards mid-off;
0.6;3;Malinga to Warner, 3 runs shortish length which he is able to squirt away square off the wicket for three runs. The batsmen really hustled the first two hard to make this possible.;
0.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run looks to force away a shot through the covers, but picks out the close-in fielder;
0.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run defended by Warner to the off side;
0.3;?;Malinga to Warner, no run defends back this length delivery towards the bowler;
0.2;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run Mathews just moved the second slip as Finch edges this back of a length which swings away, to Mahela, at first slip, who is unable to grasp this as it falls low to his right. Ends up being picked up near third man. Hard to call it a dropped chance as this was definitely going to the second slip. Really difficult for someone even of Mahela's class;
0.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run just works away this fuller length outside off towards the mid-on fielder;

2.30 pm: We are just about set to get things underway here at the SCG. It will be Finch on strike to face the wrath of Malinga. Quite a great deal of noise being made from the Sri Lankan contingent as he steams in.
Vinay: "Interesting that the phrase "could be" is still being used to describe Watson's ability even aged 33."

Shane Watson batting down the order is a brilliant call. Should be the same in Test cricket. Could be world-class all rounder #CWC15 #AUSvSL ? Julian Bayard (@julianbayard) March 8, 2015


2.20 pm: Shane Warne has had a chance to assess the pitch: "Surprised to see how bare and dry the pitch is. It is the same one South Africa used recently to make 400. It is really flat and hard, so batting first is the best option. I reckon getting 270-plus should be enough"
disco bob: "Watson for Marsh means we play SA in the quarters."
2.15 pm: Angelo Mathews wants a settled team composition as we get into the business end of the tournament, especially with now after being given the task of replacing the injured Karunaratne and Herath.
2.09 pm: On the Australian side of things we have Josh Hazlewood and Mitchell Marsh making way for Xavier Doherty and Shane Watson. Watto will be batting at No. 6 for the sake of team balance.
Neeraj: "With vast majority of cricket fans being Indians, Sachin enjoys an unfair advantage. Sachin is one of the greatest cricketers ever and a legend, but I do not think he is the greatest ODI cricketers ever. To me all during 80s I feared Viv Richards whenever India played West Indies and on most occasions he proved my fears true. Same holds for Wasim Akram. I think the winner must be one of the two. "
2.07 pm: Sri Lanka have made three changes, with Seekkuge Prasanna, Upul Tharanga and Sachithra Senanayake coming in for the injured Dimuth Karunaratne and Rangana Herath, with the non-injured Suranga Lakmal being the other exclusion. It will be the first time all three will be featuring in this tournament.
Idewapura: "I don't see any reason for changing the SL team apart from Sachitra for Herath. S. Prasanna would be a gamble as he hasn't been great either with ball or bat."
2.03 pm: We have news from the middle as Australia have won the toss, and they have elected to bat. Strap in your seatbelts, folks, we could be in for a sizable first-innings haul.

Thousands flooding in for today's World Cup pool match between Australia and Sri Lanka played @scg #AUSvSL #SCG pic.twitter.com/6QCUSgTP9I ? Christy Doran (@ChristypDoran) March 8, 2015


1.50 pm: The faster they come, the faster they go back. That is Mahela's mantra as Andrew Fernando catches up with the experienced Sri Lanka bat, as they explore Sri Lanka's match-up against the two Mitches. We will also be expecting the toss in just over ten minutes' time.
1.45 pm: Andrew Fernando has chipped in with some news from the ground: "Cloudy, but warm day here. Lots of Sri Lanka fans out and about."
Mark: "Do the Aussie's really need Doherty if both Clarke and Maxwell are bowling?"
1.40 pm: Who is your pick for the greatest ODI cricketer of them all? In our March issue of The Cricket Monthly, we scanned through all the key performers of previous generations as we look to find the overall victor of the title. Will you go with the crowd and pick Sachin, or does a certain Adam Gilchrist tickle your fancy? Check out the link here.

Sydney weather today: partly cloudy. Chance of any rain: 15%. Disruption threat level: Code Green. #cricket #AusVSL #CWC15 ? Rory Burnside (@RoryBurnside) March 8, 2015


1.30 pm: Daniel Brettig looks back at all the instances Australia and Sri Lanka have met in World Cups, tracking how this match-up became a full-borne rivalry over the years.

An overcast start for #AUSvSL at the majestic @scg. After both lost to @BLACKCAPS a win is crucial. #PoolA #CWC15 pic.twitter.com/UYjDsmMrHy ? Luke Elvy (@elvisgolf) March 8, 2015


1.20 pm: Don't forget to check out Match Point as today we have Isa Guha joined by Jonathan Trott and Michael Bevan as they look over this exciting prospect of a match. That will be live at toss time.
rickyvoncanterb: "If the table in group B stays the same as it is, the winner of this game would play Pakistan and the loser South Africa .. going on form you would want to lose today, only kidding, maybe."
1.10 pm: With the dryness of the pitch, Shane Watson might just make his return to the XI, while the traditional spin-friendly nature of the SCG track may also usher in Xavier Doherty into the line-up as well. Sri Lanka will be feeling the blow of losing Dimuth Karunaratne, with someone like Seekkuge Prasanna being viewed as an option. Will Sri Lanka be able to finally win over Australia in a World Cup game after a run extending from the 1996 final?
zami: "I don't know, but something deep down in my gut tells me that a Sri Lanka win is possible than what I felt in 96 WC final. Match winning streak with increased confident level, perfect win-lose ratio (6/8) in Sydney, peak performing top-order, pretty good bowling variations, etc. What else you would demand from Sri Lanka to outplay Australia?"

"Come on Aussie come on, come on, come on Aussie, come on!" #AUSvSL ? Pedro (@pedrosglobe) March 8, 2015


1.00 pm: The Australian juggernaut rolls into the Sydney Cricket Ground as they look to face-off against an in-form Sri Lankan side. Mitchell Starc and Mitchell Johnson continue to trouble the best in the business, while the likes of David Warner, Aaron Finch, Steve Smith and Glenn Maxwell in the line-up means that they are capable of producing and gunning down huge totals with ease.
Sri Lanka, on the other hand, are powered by a top and middle order featuring familiar faces in Mahela Jayawardene, Kumar Sangakkara and Tillakaratne Dilshan. The bowlers, while looking to have picked up momentum over the course of the group stages, will face one of their stiffest challenges yet.
Whichever teams win today is guaranteed a quarter-final spot as Sri Lanka are just ahead of their rivals from down-under, sitting on six points over their five. The loser will have to go on to beat Scotland if they are to secure passage into the knockouts.
An Australia defeat could also move them into possible for a potential semi-final clash later on against New Zealand, which would definitely be marked down everyone's calendar. I am Rohan Sharma, and I will be taking you through the day's action, with the match due to commence at 2.30 pm.
 Innings Start
10.45 pm: Maxwell's brutal assault proved the difference in the end, while Sangakkara demonstrated the kind of class and pedigree we have all come to enjoy, as he stroked himself to a potentially match-winning century, before falling at the last hurdle. Australia will be pleased as they solidify their position at second place in Pool A. Sri Lanka now look ahead to their final match against Scotland as they look to finish off their group stages on a high. Hope you enjoyed this wonderful match from the SCG. Till the next time, this is Rohan Sharma wishing you all a good night, and good luck!
Michael Clarke, Australia captain: Credit to the boys for the way they batted. Maxwell scoring his first ODI hundred for Australia was just brilliant. Watching a lot of players around the world score so freely and so quickly, then any score is chaseable. The curator deserves a lot of credit for producing such a wonderful wicket here at the SCG. Starc has been brilliant both with the new ball and at the death. (Twitter question - What do you find more enjoyable, chasing or defending 300?) I would take scoring 375 and then backing the bowlers every time.
Angelo Mathews, Sri Lanka captain: It was a bit too much to chase. We conceded 200 runs in the last 16 overs, and it was rather way too much. I thought the batsmen did really well, but unfortunately we couldn't get over the line. Sangakkara is in the form of his life. Three hundreds in three games is absolutely amazing. Seems to be getting better with age. We backed ourselves (Chandimal and myself), and they do have some good bowlers who could reverse swing it a bit. We have to improve our bowling and fielding, and if we can keep a well-respected opposition to under 300, we should be good.
Just hang on to your horses, folks as we wait on some quotes from the match presentation.
Glenn Maxwell, Man of the Match: It was a massive game for us. It was a big thing for us to win this game. Glad to get the monkey off my back. Showed just how quality the opposition was (in running this close), but luckily for us we were able to get over the line in the end. Guys should be mentally refreshed and physically refreshed for the next game.
The player of the match is Glenn Maxwell
10.25 pm: So in the end, Australia manage to hold on to a 64-run victory, despite Sangakkara, Dilshan and later on Chandimal and Mathews threatening to run this one close. Sri Lanka started the chase off beautifully before some thoughtful bowling changes, and bowling from the likes of Faulkner and Starc, ensured they held on to the win. How about a hand for Sangakkara, who became the first batsman in World Cup history to produce three tons on the trot. Chandimal's effort, before it was curbed by the hamstring niggle, seriously put Australia under the cosh.
46.2;W;Starc to Senanayake, OUT fantastic yorker on middle which is spooned straight up to mid-off to end the game. There is a bit of confusion as to whether Chandimal would re-emerge, but it looks like the game is officially over;Sachithra Senanayake c Doherty b Starc 7 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
46.1;4;Starc to Senanayake, FOUR runs continues from round the wicket as he looks to hone in on off, but the slice away from Sachin through third man means he has to have a boundary added to his runs tally;
45.6;?;Faulkner to Malinga, no run delivers another back-of-the-hand slower delivery which has Malinga well early into his shot as he looked to pull this away;
45.5;?;Faulkner to Malinga, no run looks to have a go down the ground as he ends up inside-edging this failed bludgeon onto his shoes;
45.4;1;Faulkner to Senanayake, 1 run forces away a stroke down to long on to get off the strike;
45.3;?;Faulkner to Senanayake, no run slower delivery on and about leg which deceives Sachi;
45.2;W;Faulkner to Upul Tharanga, OUT Faulkner strikes right away for his captain as Tharanga, Sri Lanka's last recognised batsman, has to go after carting this back of a length straight to the man stationed at cow corner, who is able to get under it quite comfortably;Upul Tharanga c Warner b Faulkner 4 (20m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 80;
45.1;1;Faulkner to Senanayake, 1 run glides away a single through backward point to get off the strike;
44.6;1;Starc to Senanayake, 1 run clips away this length delivery honing on the pads over towards deep midiwcket;
44.5;?;Starc to Senanayake, no run continues from round the wicket as Sachi is well late on this fuller delivery which threatens to castle his off stump as it rushes past;
44.4;?;Starc to Senanayake, no run delivers a sharp bouncer which Sachi has no clue about as it flies over his head;
44.3;W;Starc to Prasanna, OUT sends one crashing into the stumps of Prasanna, who just played all around this full yorker on middle which just tailed away a touch. Too good for the tail-ender as he walks off to the pavilion;Seekkuge Prasanna b Starc 9 (11m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
44.2;?;Starc to Prasanna, no run backs away, gets down on one knee, but fails to clear the covers with this attempted scythe;
44.1;1;Starc to Upul Tharanga, 1 run angles in a full delivery on the pads which is flicked away through square-leg;
43.6;?;Watson to Prasanna, no run comes down the track before swatting this away towards the bowler in his follow through;
43.5;4;Watson to Prasanna, FOUR runs looks for the cart over midwicket before offering up a thick outside edge which falls safe through third man for what seems like the umpteenth time today;
43.4;2;Watson to Prasanna, 2 runs clubs away this length delivery slanting down leg as the acres of space means they are able to return for the second to bring up the Sri Lankan 300;
43.3;?;Watson to Prasanna, no run another shorter one which is signalled one for the over as the batsman fails to make a connection;
43.2;?;Watson to Prasanna, no run looks to send this shorter one out of the stadium, but is late on it;
43.1;2;Watson to Prasanna, 2 runs short delivery which is attacked by the batsman as the eventual top-edge sends this over to Doherty at third man, who puts in a fine dive before firing in a throw back towards the middle;
42.6;1;Johnson to Prasanna, 1 run keeps out this length delivery on middle and leg as they end up scraping through for the run;
42.5;?;Johnson to Prasanna, no run has a go at this fuller one going across again, with this one fired in at 144 kph;
42.5;1w;Johnson to Prasanna, 1 wide short and slipping down leg as the umpire swivels round to signal the scorers;
42.4;?;Johnson to Prasanna, no run is well late on this fuller delivery shaping in from outside off stump;
42.3;1;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run able to ease away a single to the off side to immediately get off strike;
42.2;W;Johnson to Perera, OUT lets loose of the handle as he tried to swat Johnson over midwicket, with this one swirling high over mid-on, with Doherty getting under it safely to complete the catch. Took the pace of this shorter one as Perera threw everything but the kitchen sink at it;Thisara Perera c Doherty b Johnson 8 (8m 3b 2x4 0x6) SR: 266.66;
42.1;1;Johnson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run tucks away this length delivery to the leg side;
41.6;4;Watson to Perera, FOUR runs now slams this fuller length over long off. Perera still believes as the equation reduces to 85 off 48;
41.5;4;Watson to Perera, FOUR runs backs away before clattering this short ball high over extra-cover for a boundary;
41.4;1;Watson to Upul Tharanga, 1 run steers away Watson on the front foot towards extra-cover;
41.3;W;Watson to Angelo Mathews, OUT and now Mathews has to go after going at this shortish length from Watson, with the ball kissing the face as he went in for the attempted hook. Looks like he was surprised by the length as Haddin is able to take this comfortably from behind;Angelo Mathews c ?Haddin b Watson 35 (57m 31b 2x4 1x6) SR: 112.9;
41.2;2;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs picks up a brace through long on as the odds have stacked again against SL;
41.1;1;Watson to Chandimal, 1 run leg-side delivery which is helped down to deep fine leg;Dinesh Chandimal retired hurt 52 (38m 24b 8x4 1x6) SR: 216.66;
40.6;2;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs somehow pierces the gap between mid-on and midwicket as Starc exercises those long levers of his to put in a dive and pull this back inches from the rope. Excellent effort there to save his team a certain boundary;
40.5;1;Johnson to Chandimal, 1 run gets into position to hook away this delivery on middle and leg towards deep fine leg;
40.4;2;Johnson to Chandimal, 2 runs Chandimal gets away with this top-edge over long leg as the man at backward square is unable to get to it. Brings up his fifty, which is greeted with great enthusiasm from the SL fans in the crowd. Still looks to be struggling though;
40.3;2;Johnson to Chandimal, 2 runs short and punished by the batsman as this is pulled away square off the wicket, but he can't find the boundary;
40.2;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run tries to force away a drive through long on, but instead gets away an inside-edge behind of square;
40.1;?;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, no run misses out on this back of a length going across him;
39.6;4;Watson to Chandimal, FOUR runs gets this attempted yorker wrong as Chandimal is able to get nice and low to scythe this away through the covers to now move to 46 off 20;
39.5;1;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run looks to target the deep square-leg boundary, but is lucky that this heave over the region did not fall straight to the fielder;
39.4;?;Watson to Angelo Mathews, no run miscues this attempt heave over the leg side, with this one finding midwicket in the end;
39.3;1;Watson to Chandimal, 1 run nudges away a single towards long on as he moves to 42 off 19;
39.2;4;Watson to Chandimal, FOUR runs looks to send this full delivery over cow corner before getting an outside edge which flies over to a vacant third man for four;
39.1;1;Watson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run able to get Chandimal on strike with this swipe away towards the leg side;
38.6;4;Johnson to Chandimal, FOUR runs moves over to his off stump before cutting this shortish length going across fiercely through backward point for a boundary;
38.5;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run now offers a slower, short of a length delivery which Chandimal tries to swat away through midwicket, but is early on it after being deceived by the speed;
38.4;?;Johnson to Chandimal, no run shifts over to the off stump to try and hook away this shorter delivery through fine leg, but fails to make a connection;
38.4;1w;Johnson to Chandimal, 1 wide looks to send this one out of the ground as Johnson is penalised for this attempted wide yorker. Really shouldn't have been given a wide as Mitch asks the umpire soon after;
38.3;2;Johnson to Chandimal, 2 runs Chandimal really riding his luck here as he tries to heave Johnson over midwicket, but ends up falling away within the ring, with this one falling before the fielder could get anywhere near it;
38.2;1;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, 1 run flicks away through square-leg now as he is able to pickup a single;
38.1;4;Johnson to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs greets the left-arm quick with a slap behind of square to find a boundary through third man;
37.6;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run picks up a single through point to retain the strike;
37.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run this time forced away off the back foot through the off side, with this landing at extra-cover, who is able to pickup and fire in a throw at the non-striker's after there was an initial mix-up between the batsmen. Ends up missing the stumps, and with Faulkner there, he is unable to get to the ball and whip off the bails in time of the batsman making his ground;
37.4;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run able to work away a run towards the leg slip;
37.3;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run crashes away a drive through long off to get the captain on strike;
37.2;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run a direct hit from Clarke at mid-off would have meant curtains as Mathews hits this one straight to him before barreling to the other end;
37.2;1w;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 wide sees Mathews backing away a touch as he tried to follow him with a leg-side delivery, but ends up straying too far down the line;
37.1;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run delivers a length delivery which is played away to the off side by the batsman;
36.6;4;Doherty to Chandimal, FOUR runs Chandimal is proving a star here at the SCG as he now smashes the bowler over cow corner to finish off the over in some style;
36.5;4;Doherty to Chandimal, FOUR runs shuffles over to the leg side before blitzing an on drive through long on which has no one bothered to chase after it as it makes its way to the rope;
36.4;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run just about steers one past a diving Doherty to pick out the fielder at long on;
36.3;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run fails to pickup a single on the leg side as he pinpoints the man at mid-on;
36.2;4;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs now gets back to belt Doherty towards cow corner for four. Excellent start for SL this over;
36.1;6;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, SIX runs fetches this one tossed up on middle and off as he looks for the big slog-sweep over midwicket, but ends up getting a top-edge which just carries over Warner, who went for a hop at backward square, before realising this one was sailing over comfortably;
35.6;4;Watson to Chandimal, FOUR runs advances a touch before finding another boundary through backward square to beat the man chasing from deep midwicket to the rope;
35.5;?;Watson to Chandimal, no run tries to steer away a single through backward point, but is held by the fielder;
35.4;2;Watson to Chandimal, 2 runs fuller one which is flicked away through square-leg, as he is able to hustle the first one hard in order to come back for the second;
35.3;6;Watson to Chandimal, SIX runs length delivery which is sent high and handsome over midwicket as he is able to pickup a maximum;
35.2;?;Watson to Chandimal, no run looks to guide this one past the bowler now, but ends up hitting it a bit too straight to him;
35.1;4;Watson to Chandimal, FOUR runs puts pressure on Watson straightaway as he heaves this length delivery through the covers to find the boundary;
34.6;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run able to steer away a single through long off to keep the strike;
34.5;4;Doherty to Chandimal, FOUR runs goes for the slog sweep through cow corner as Mathews now looks to guide this Sri Lanka chase;
34.4;?;Doherty to Chandimal, no run just jabs this one back to the bowler in his follow through;
34.3;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run eases away a run now on the leg side to bring Chandimal on strike for the first time;
34.2;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run content to just keep this one out from the bowler;
34.1;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run steers away a single to the man at mid-on as the ground has got noticeably quieter since that last wicket;
33.6;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run picks up a single through long off to end a successful over for the Australians;
33.5;W;Faulkner to Sangakkara, OUT and that may very well be game for Sri Lanka as Kumar finally departs from the middle after looking to go after this Faulkner delivery, which was slipped in at a fuller length, as he ends up slicing over to the man at deep cover, who this time is able to get under it comfortably. There was some hesitation on the part of the fourth umpire to give this as replays show Faulkner just about, and I mean just about, got his foot behind the line. Really was touch and go there, but because a conclusive decision could not be reached, Sangakkara has to go. Has been a fine effort in this stirring chase so far;Kumar Sangakkara c Finch b Faulkner 104 (140m 107b 11x4 0x6) SR: 97.19;
33.4;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run fuller delivery straying on the pads as this one is tucked away behind of square;
33.3;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run gets an edge to this attempted drive through mid-off, with the ball flying over towards backward point;
33.2;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run looks to get away a single on the leg side, but is unable to find any space;
33.1;?;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, no run defends away this back of a length delivery going across him;
32.6;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run able to keep out this yorker on off to end the over;
32.5;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run digs out this yorker which follows him as the ball ends up near mid-on;
32.4;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run steers away this almost yorker-length delivery through mid-off as Sri Lanka reach 200;
32.3;1;Starc to Sangakkara, 1 run tries to time away a drive to this fuller delivery on middle and leg, but picks out the man at extra-cover;
32.2;2;Starc to Sangakkara, 2 runs attacks this shortish length outside of off as this is ramped away over backward point;
32.1;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run guides away this back of a length towards mid-off;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Sangakkara, no run backs away to the leg side in hopes of clearing the covers, but the lack of pace from this Faulkner delivery meant he could do not better than bunt this away to the off side;
31.5;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run delivers the slower ball out of the back of the hand which is clipped away through square-leg by Mathews;
31.4;2;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs picks up a brace behind square on the leg side to this length delivery on and around leg;
31.3;1lb;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 leg bye pick ups a single down fine leg as Mathews gets onto the hot seat;
31.2;2;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 2 runs and he becomes the first player in World Cup history to manage three hundreds in a row as he gets away this fuller delivery on the pads through backward square. Has been in magnificent form of late. He knows that he still has plenty of work left to do in this big chase;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Angelo Mathews, 1 run gets off the mark right away with a fend behind square to this shortish length going across him;
30.6;W;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT Mahela takes on the arm of Clarke at mid-off after driving this fuller one from Starc, and has to pay the price as he nails down the stumps at the non-striker's as he looked to usher in Sangakkara to the strike. Was well out of his ground, despite putting in the dive, as he heads back to the pavilion. That could be a major blow to SL's chances as this chase gets into the business end of the innings;Mahela Jayawardene run out (Clarke) 19 (39m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 86.36;
30.5;?;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, no run has a go at this fuller length going across, but is late on it as Haddin completes the take from behind;
30.4;1;Starc to Sangakkara, 1 run delivers a pearl of a yorker on middle and leg as Sangakkara just about digs this one away. Manages to get away an inside-edge through backward square to pickup a run and move to 99;
30.3;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run slips in a fuller delivery which is struck back to the bowler in his follow through;
30.2;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run bowls a peach of a delivery just outside of off as Sangakkara played just inside of the line. Dangerously close to nipping out the left-hander there;
30.1;1;Starc to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run gets a single through fine leg to bring Sangakkara back on strike, much to the delight of the Sri Lankan masses in the crowd;
29.6;4;Faulkner to Sangakkara, FOUR runs masterful from Sangakkara as he takes this slightly back of a length outside his off and ramps it over towards backward point to find the boundary after a few bounces;
29.5;4;Faulkner to Sangakkara, FOUR runs that half-chance costing Australia dearly at the moment as he now succeeds at tickling away four runs through fine leg;
29.4;4;Faulkner to Sangakkara, FOUR runs now swivels and pulls this to take this leg-side delivery over the short backward square to find the boundary;
29.3;2;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 2 runs Sangakkara looking to release the pressure as he comes down the track to slice away this fuller length over cover, with Maxwell at deep cover running forward unable to reach for this as it fell to the ground. Was a couple of feet away from holing out there;
29.2;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run flicks away this fuller one off the pads behind square on the leg side;
29.1;2;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs fuller length, going across, which is clipped away towards deep midwicket;
28.6;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run punches this back of a length straight back to the bowler, but can't pinch the single;
28.5;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run flicks away this fuller delivery off the pads through square-leg;
28.4;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run eases away a single on the leg side for one;
28.3;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run looks to drive away on the up, but Warner at backward point keeps him humble;
28.2;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run merely pushes at this fuller length outside of off before stealing a single as the ball rolled towards mid-off;
28.1;2;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs decides to go after Watson straight away with this slice over to third man;
27.6;2;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 2 runs Sangakkara gets away with this attempted sweep round the corner, with the ball catching the top edge to fly over the keeper, but luckily, away from any close-in fielders;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run eases away a single through midwicket to get Sangakkara on strike;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run shimmies down to guide this one past the bowler to long off;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run picks up a single with a flick away through backward square;
27.2;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tosses this one up on middle and off as they go up for the appeal after Mahela fudges the sweep, but the angle was suggesting this would continue on past off stump;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run picks out the man at silly mid-on with this drive;
26.6;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run tries to slap away a single through extra-cover, but is held by the fine, fielding effort from Finch;
26.5;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run shanks this one darted in on and around off as the close-in fielder picks up the ball on the bounce;
26.4;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run looks to slap away through cover point as he once again locates the fielder inside of the ring;
26.3;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run tries to force away a drive on the off side, but pinpoints mid-off;
26.2;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs bissects the gap at deep midwicket with this pickup shot that beats the dive from Watson, who was steaming in from cow corner;
26.1;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run picks up a single down the leg side with ease;
25.6;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run looks to get this one away through backward square as Mahela keeps the strike;
25.5;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run gets in a good stride as this one is fended away to the off side;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run caresses away a comfortable single to deep extra-cover;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run turns away a single on the leg side to get Sangakkara on strike;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run eases away a single off the pads to deep midwicket;
25.1;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run flighted delivery which is fended away to the leg side;
24.6;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run leg-side delivery which is flicked away off the pads to the fielder at long leg;
24.5;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run tries to get away a single square off the wicket as he initially went down for the other end, but is sent back by Mahela when he sees the man behind square run towards the ball;
24.4;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run pitches this one up on middle and leg as Sangakkara locates the man at silly mid-on;
24.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run tests out his modified helmet with a nasty bouncer outside of off which Sangakkara chooses not to engage with;
24.2;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run looks to get a single off the pads, but is unable to time it away effectively;
24.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run fails to pickup a single on the leg side as he locates the man at silly mid-on;
23.6;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run eases away this leg-side slanting delivery off the pads to long leg;
23.5;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run back-of-the-hand, loopy slower ball which is flicked away through backward square;
23.4;?;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, no run negotiates this change-up slower ball from Faulkner which goes across him;
23.3;4;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs overpitched on middle and leg as Mahela just clips this away aerially through midwicket to find the boundary. With no one in the deep near there, turns out to be a very safe option;
23.2;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run full delivery straying on the pads which is flicked away uppishly towards deep midwicket;
23.1;?;Faulkner to Sangakkara, no run short of a length and just outside off as this one is dabbed straight to the fielder at backward point;
22.6;?;Johnson to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short of a length which is tucked away to the leg side by Mahela;
22.5;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run overpitched as this one is driven straight past Mitchell, with the protection at mid-on doing well to dive and cut this off at the ring;
22.4;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run slower yorker on middle and leg which is struck away to the same fielder as the previous delivery;
22.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run another full delivery on and around leg which is struck away to the close-in fielder on the leg side;
22.2;4lb;Johnson to Sangakkara, 4 leg byes slipping down the leg side now as Sangakkara is able to tickle this one away through fine leg for four. Called leg byes by the umpire in the end;
22.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run looks to guide this fuller one from Johnson past the bowler, but mid-on has Mitch's back;
21.6;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run picks up a single through midwicket to keep the strike;
21.5;1;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run able to get to the other end, but only just, as he pushes away at this length delivery towards mid-on, before the fielder picked up and took a shy at the non-striker's, with Mahela well short of his ground. Would have been a horrible way to go if that had struck;
21.4;?;Faulkner to Mahela Jayawardene, no run slower, back of the length, which Mahela just fends away towards the off side;
21.3;W;Faulkner to Dilshan, OUT Faulkner raps Dilshan right on middle and off as he plays all around this one. Goes up straightaway for the appeal, which the umpire corroborates soon after. Dilshan wants the review though after consulting with Sangakkara at the other end. It was another back-of-the-hand slower ball which definitely hit in line as there are four reds across the screen. Dilshan has to go, much to the delight of the Sydney crowd. Has been an excellent firestarter of a knock to get Sri Lanka's chase off on the best possible foot;Tillakaratne Dilshan lbw b Faulkner 62 (91m 60b 8x4 0x6) SR: 103.33;
21.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run slower, full delivery, which goes across Dilshan as he fails to get away this late cut;
21.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run looking to force away a glide through backward point, but is stopped by the fielder in question;
20.6;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run tries him with a shorter one which Dilshan fails to put away with a hook through backward square. Still run the single though as this lands somewhere on the leg side;
20.5;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run goes round the wicket now to Dilshan as he sends in a fuller length which Dilshan tried to get away, but fails to do so;
20.4;1;Johnson to Sangakkara, 1 run continues to operate this slightly back of a length line on middle and leg as this is glanced away through the leg side;
20.3;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run looks for some space on the leg-side, but is unable to locate any;
20.2;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run delivers a fuller length which is struck back to him in his follow through;
20.1;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run fires in a fuller length outside of off which is struck straight to the close-in fielder on the off side;
19.6;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run another slower back-of-the-hand delivery from Faulkner. Dilshan dabs it straight to backward point as he wants a single, but is sent back;
19.5;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run fuller length delivery and on Dilshan's pads which is turned straight to the fielder at square leg;
19.4;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run back-of-the-hand slower ball from Faulkner which almost gets the wicket as Sangakkara was early in closing the face of the bat, which ends up getting a leading edge towards third man;
19.3;?;Faulkner to Sangakkara, no run on a good length and well outside off. Driven straight to the fielder at point;
19.2;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run length delivery on the pads which is tucked away behind of square;
19.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run back-of-the-hand slower ball which Dilshan fails to pick as he looked for the clip off the pads;
18.6;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run straying on the pads as this is clipped away for a single to the leg side;
18.5;4;Maxwell to Dilshan, FOUR runs drags this one across Dilshan, affording him enough width to power this away through backward point for four;
18.4;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run cut away off the back foot towards the deep cover fielder;
18.3;2;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 2 runs lofts the bowler now straight over his head as this one lands safely near long on;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run looks to nurdle a run through the leg side now, but is unable to find the desired space;
18.1;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run fails to pick a single on the off side behind of square;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run pushes at this fuller length outside of off which finds its way to mid-off;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run tucks away this delivery off the pads through to the long leg fielder;
17.4;1;Faulkner to Sangakkara, 1 run dabs away a run through third man to get off the strike;
17.3;?;Faulkner to Sangakkara, no run tries to guide one past Smith at point, who puts in an athletic dive to intercept this;
17.2;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run shortish length which is clubbed away rather rashly to the leg side for one;
17.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run tries to glide away this short of a length through backward point, but is unable to do so so when he picks out the fielder behind of square;
16.6;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs comes down the track and lifts Doherty over mid-off for yet another valuable boundary as the players break for drinks;
16.5;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan gives the strike back to his partner with a drive towards the covers;
16.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run gets away a single now through backward square to bring Dilly on strike;
16.3;4;Doherty to Sangakkara, FOUR runs targets the vacant space at cow corner as he gets low to slog-sweep, which he connects beautifully to find the rope after one bounce;
16.2;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs sliding one on a flatter trajectory as Sangakkara opts for the late cut through backward point which is reined in before the boundary;
16.1;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run works away a run on the off side as they switch ends;
15.6;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run this time gets away a single with a swipe towards square-leg;
15.5;2b;Maxwell to Dilshan, 2 byes Maxwell may have seen Dilshan positioning himself early for the reverse sweep as he fires one down leg, which Dilshan is unable to get any bat on as this continues through fine leg for byes;
15.4;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run nurdles away a single through square-leg to get off the strike;
15.3;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run defended by the batsman;
15.2;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run steers away a run through square-leg as Dilshan reaches his fifty too;
15.1;?;Maxwell to Dilshan, no run tries to sweep away this leg-side delivery, but is far too early on it;
14.6;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run works away the spinner to long off to keep the strike;
14.5;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run defended by Dilshan to the off side;
14.4;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run eases away a single now square off the wicket as he brings up his third consecutive fifty-plus score of the tournament. This is now his 94th half-century in ODIs. What a legend;
14.3;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs waltzes down before clipping away the bowler through square-leg, with the pressure from the batsmen putting the fielder off in the deep as he failed to pickup the ball on the first instance;
14.2;?;Doherty to Sangakkara, no run Sangakkara has an easy push at this Doherty slider going across him, with Haddin collecting this as it rushed past the bat and whipped off the bails when he thinks he sees Sangakkara overbalancing a touch, but replays confirm that the left-hander has his foot in place behind the crease;
14.1;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run Dilshan, who is now helmet-less, cuts away this slightly short delivery outside his off stump for a single;
13.6;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run just bunts away this one on a shorter length to the leg side to end the over;
13.5;4;Maxwell to Sangakkara, FOUR runs gets deep in his crease before finessing this past backward point, who is unable to stop this despite the dive, as the outfield takes care of the rest. Timed that away so late off the bat, but it achieves the desired result. Pure class from Sanga;
13.4;4;Maxwell to Sangakkara, FOUR runs now goes for the calculated strike over cow corner, which he is able to get wide of long on to find the boundary;
13.3;2;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 2 runs gets to the milestone as he helps himself through deep fine leg with this paddle. Gets him to the 14,000 run-mark, which is met with lots of Sri Lankan flags and cheers from this exuberant crowd;
13.2;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run another attempt through the same region is met with a similar result;
13.1;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run tries to work away a single through cover, but to no avail;
12.6;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run sensibly pushes at this delivery sliding down leg towards mid-on, but is not keen to take the single;
12.5;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run Sangakkara able to guide away a run through cover to get Dilshan back on stroke;
12.4;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run dropped the Australian captain hands Dilshan a life as the right-hander looked to slog-sweep over cow corner, with this going high over midwicket. Clarke, who was running backwards and to his left, is unable to hold onto the take after going for the dive;
12.3;2;Doherty to Dilshan, 2 runs given opportunity to rock onto the back foot to cut away this slightly short delivery towards deep point, with Maxwell the fielder firing in a hard throw to Haddin when he saw the second run being taken on, but the dive from Dilshan is able to get him home in the end;
12.2;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tries to force away a slice through backward point, but is held by the fielder;
12.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run content to just rotate strike as Clarke has succeeded in giving as little pace as possible to these two;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run advances down the track before driving this past the bowler to long off;
11.5;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run plays at this one tossed up on middle as he looked to get away a dab-and-run on the off side;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Dilshan, 1 run eases away the spinner towards deep extra-cover;
11.3;1;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 1 run content to just tuck the bowler on the leg side for a comfortable single;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Sangakkara, no run continues round the wicket as this one is turned away behind of square on the leg side;
11.1;2;Maxwell to Sangakkara, 2 runs given plenty of flight as this one is struck away towards deep extra-cover;
10.6;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run shimmies down now before readjusting to clip this away through square-leg;
10.5;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs works with the angle to tickle this down fine leg for a brace;
10.4;2;Doherty to Sangakkara, 2 runs comes down the track to this one tossed up just outside off as he drives away through extra-cover, with Clarke doing well to get a hand to it at cover, before it is eventually pulled back before the rope;
10.3;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run sensibly drives away this Doherty special through long off for one;
10.2;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run driven back to the bowler in his follow through;
10.1;1;Doherty to Sangakkara, 1 run steers away this one flighted in on middle and leg through long on;
9.6;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run goes round the wicket now as Dilshan drives away this fuller length to the man at cover;
9.5;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run tries to dig out this yorker from Starc fired in outside off. Was well late on this attempt;
9.4;1;Starc to Sangakkara, 1 run full and on the pads as this is flicked away behind of square on the leg side;
9.3;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run dabs away a single through third man to get to the other end;
9.3;1w;Starc to Dilshan, 1 wide slow bouncer going across which is penalised in the end by Ian Gould after some deliberation;
9.2;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run drills this fuller length going across to the man at short mid-off;
9.1;1;Starc to Sangakkara, 1 run glances away this length delivery off the pads through midwicket;
8.6;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run Sangakkara looking for the chip through extra-cover, as he hits this one just wide of Clarke at the position, who has to run to his right to fetch this;
8.5;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run nudges away a run to the leg side as Dilshan hares to the other end as the ball struggled away on the leg side;
8.4;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run works away this back of a length going across towards the leg side;
8.3;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run turned away off middle and leg towards midwicket for one;
8.2;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run drives this overpitched delivery to the man at mid-off, with the ball hitting his knee as he put in the sliding dive to get behind this. In the end, mid-on is able to recover the ball;
8.1;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run straddling on the pads as Dilshan is able to flick this away to deep backward square;
7.6;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run lasers away a drive to this overpitched delivery, but picks out short cover right away;
7.5;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run slips in an almost-yorker length outside off which shapes in to Haddin as it passes the base of the stumps. Sangakkara was late on this attempted drive to the ball;
7.4;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run shortish length which doesn't quite carry to Sangakkara as he played on top of the bounce, with this one crashing into his stomach after the miss;
7.3;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run misses out on this overpitched delivery outside off, as he locates the man at mid-off with an ill-timed drive;
7.2;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run now looking to guide this fuller one on middle and leg through mid-on, but picks out the fielder;
7.1;4;Starc to Sangakkara, FOUR runs just oozes class as he drives on the up to this back of a length outside off as he finds the sweeper cover boundary with panache;
6.6;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run calmly dabs away a single towards third man to end another good over for Sri Lanka;
6.5;4;Watson to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sangakkara feeling a bit left out now as he slaps away this length delivery just behind of square on the off side for a boundary;
6.4;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run tries to be cute again with a straight ramp over the keeper, but instead gets struck on the helmet as the ball ends up near short third man. Lucky to escape with his head, literally, there;
6.3;?;Watson to Dilshan, no run gets down the wicket now as he tries to crash away a boundary through long on, with the keeper collecting the take from behind;
6.2;4;Watson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Dilshan is putting on a master-class as he plays his treasured 'Dilscoop' to this length delivery on middle and leg, which he sends through fine leg with the paddle;
6.1;3;Watson to Sangakkara, 3 runs a huge cheer rings across the ground as Sangakkara appears to have pushed this length delivery through the gap at extra-cover, but is pulled back before the rope;
5.6;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Dilshan makes it six in a row as he initially looked to play at this fuller delivery before noticing the change of pace to adjust his shot as he pushed at the length to get it away to the extra-cover boundary. The outfield makes sure this reaches the target in the end;
5.5;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Mitchell is being taken to the cleaners here as he smokes away this overpitched length outside off through the covers for a boundary. Has already taken 20 from the over, and there is still a delivery to go. Mitchell just turns back and heads to his bowling mark;
5.4;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs Dilshan is taking on Mitchell at the SCG as he pulls this shortish length from the left-arm pacer over backward square to make it four in four. Really got that one out of the screws.;
5.3;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs makes it three in a row as he raises the roof at the SCG with a heave to this fuller delivery on off, sending this high over deep midwicket before it landed at the rope after a couple of bounces;
5.2;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs and again, this time straighter from Dilshan, as he pays the price once more for delivering in the slot;
5.1;4;Johnson to Dilshan, FOUR runs overpitched from Mitch as this one is driven through long off quite comfortably for a boundary;
4.6;2;Starc to Sangakkara, 2 runs eases away this fuller delivery through long off as they run a couple;
4.5;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run pitches one up on middle and off which is struck back to him on his follow through;
4.4;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run delivers a shortish length which Dilshan looked to climb into as he went for the hook, but thankfully this one lands safe around deep fine leg as there were no fielders in the vicinity;
4.3;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run fuller length, going across Dilly, as this one is sent away to the close-in fielder on the leg side;
4.2;2;Starc to Dilshan, 2 runs now flicks away the pacer behind of square on the leg side for a brace;
4.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run searching for the slightly wide yorker as he offers up a low full toss which Dilshan fails to punish away through the covers;
3.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run fires in a pacey delivery on middle and leg which raps the top of Sangakkara's pads as he looked to glance away the delivery, but there was a definite inside-edge. Sent that in at 149kph!;
3.5;4;Johnson to Sangakkara, FOUR runs shortish length which Sangakkara is able to manipulate through backward square with a rather awkward pull that just makes it away. Not the most convincing shot, but it got the result he wanted;
3.4;2;Johnson to Sangakkara, 2 runs jabs away this slightly back of a length through extra-cover as they are able to return for the second after hustling through the first run;
3.3;1;Johnson to Dilshan, 1 run gets away a drop single through mid-off to bring Sangakkara on strike;
3.2;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run fires in a ful, wide delivery outside off which arrives slower than his missiles before as Dilshan digs this one away to the off side;
3.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run length on middle and leg which is defended away to the leg side by Dilshan;
2.6;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run glances away this back of a length off the hips to end the over;
2.5;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run shortish length tailing down leg which is tucked away by Sangakkara quite competently;
2.4;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run huge "oooh" goes across the ground as he delivers this slightly back of a length which just straightens as it rushes past Sanga's bat;
2.3;?;Starc to Sangakkara, no run defends this back of a length at the top of the bounce, and close to his body;
2.2;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run manages to get away a thick outside edge through third man as he looked to target the covers once more;
2.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run looks to crash Starc through the covers, but is late on this as it just nibbles away from the outside edge of his bat. Got great carry across the batsman there;
1.6;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run shortish length which Sangakkara is able to get on top off as the over comes to a close;
1.5;?;Johnson to Sangakkara, no run short of a length outside of off which is allowed to go through to the keeper;
1.4;W;Johnson to Thirimanne, OUT bowls a fantastic back of a length outside of off which cramps Lahiru for space, with the extra bounce catching the outside edge of his bat to fly over to the keeper behind, who snaps it up gleefully. Australia pick up one early as Sri Lanka look to mow down this huge chase;Lahiru Thirimanne c ?Haddin b Johnson 1 (8m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
1.3;?;Johnson to Thirimanne, no run tucks away this length delivery on middle and leg towards the leg side;
1.2;3;Johnson to Dilshan, 3 runs much better from Dilshan, tad fuller and just outside off, he gets half-forward and pushes it back past the bowler, the timing isn't spot on but the batsmen run well and get back for the third run;
1.1;?;Johnson to Dilshan, no run tries to get away this length delivery off the pads with an attempted flick off the pads, but is late on it;
0.6;?;Starc to Thirimanne, no run on a good length and just outside off, Thirimanne defends it with an open face;
0.5;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run fraction too short and on Dilshan's pads, worked wide of mid-on for a single;
0.4;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run Starc keeps it very full and well outside off, Dilshan looks to steer it towards third man, the ball beats the outside edge;
0.3;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run swing and a miss from Dilshan, went chasing after a full ball that nipped away, doesn't connect with the drive;
0.2;1;Starc to Thirimanne, 1 run tad fuller and on the stumps, Thirimanne pushes it to the right of mid-on and sets off for a quick single;
0.1;?;Starc to Thirimanne, no run on a good length and on the stumps, Thirimanne prods across and defends it towards mid-on;

6.48 pm: We are just about set to get things going for the second innings. It will be Starc to bowl to Lahiru
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
32nd Match, Pool A (D/N), Sydney, Mar 8 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
376/9
312
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 64 runs
