Data
6.14pm India have done really well in the end to drag Australia back from the time they looked like getting anything upwards of 350-360. A sobering thought about the new fielding restrictions and the modern bats: despite an overall excellent display in the end, India still conceded 89 in the last 10
Overall this did look like a slow, slightly two-paced pitch on which timing the ball was not the easiest. Keeping that in mind, Steve Smith was exceptional in his 105 off 93. "Handy little cameo from Mitch," he says now. "Look at the start of the innings we would have settled for this. The pitch was a little bit tacky at the start. It is always nice to get a hundred. This is my favourite place to play, and it has come in a World Cup semi-final. Hopefully we will finish the job in the field."
Ever since India set foot in Australia in November, Smith has scored 921 international runs against them in 10 innings. His lowest against them has been 14 while going for quick second-innings runs on a slow, unyielding pitch in Melbourne
Around Smith, today, Finch battled hard, and once a collapse set in around the 35th over, Watson, Faulkner and Johnson played important little hands to help them over 300. This is the first time this World Cup that India haven't bowled out an opposition. They will need to carry all the confidence and the momentum from having held Australia back if they are to score the highest score in a World Cup semi-final ever. Alan Gardner in some time will be here to bring the chase to you, this is Sidharth Monga saying goodbye
49.6;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run short of a length, at the body, no room, they get just a single;
49.5;6;Sharma to Johnson, SIX runs this was telegraphed. Johnson was expecting the slower ball, and he has drilled it flat, and between long-on and deep midwicket. Flat six to cow corner;
49.4;4;Sharma to Johnson, FOUR runs full toss with mid-off up not the best ball to bowl. Has missed the yorker in all likelihood. Drilled over mid-off for four;
49.3;1;Sharma to Haddin, 1 run another slower ball, hit towards deep midwicket, Kohli charges in, gets both hands to it, but drops it. Warner seen clapping that from the balcony;
49.2;1;Sharma to Johnson, 1 run another slower ball, this time he has hit it harder towards deep midwicket. Won't get the second;
49.1;2;Sharma to Johnson, 2 runs slower ball, on a length outside off, he mis-hits it, but the bunt goes into the on side with no man inside the circle. Gets a couple;
48.6;1;Shami to Johnson, 1 run yorker, middle and leg, but Johnson has dug it out for one;
48.5;4;Shami to Johnson, FOUR runs now that the third man comes in and mid-off goes back, Shami bowls the shortest ball of the over, and Johnson's top edge clears short third man;
48.4;4;Shami to Johnson, FOUR runs he bowls short, according to his field, but Johnson has made room to pay an exceptional shot. He has punched this over wide mid-off. Yadav chases well, but inn the end the slide is clumsy, and Johnson gets four;
48.3;4;Shami to Johnson, FOUR runs but he is not bowling to his field. The field is there for the short ball, but he bowls length, and Johnson carts him over wide mid-on for four first ball;
48.2;1;Shami to Haddin, 1 run that mid-off nearly takes a catch. Haddin mis-hits a full ball again, but it bounces just short of mid-off. The single takes them to the first-ever 300 in a World Cup semi-final. Will we see another later this evening?;
48.1;?;Shami to Haddin, no run this is in the slot. Half-volley outside off. Haddin has mis-hit this. Another dot. Straight to mid-off;
43.6;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs and there is the Watson slog sweep. This can get his innings going. Finally Ashwin goes flatter. Possibly to protect a good over. Watson likes it that he has pitched it within his reach. Sends it sailing over midwicket;
43.5;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run looks for the big hit down the ground, but Ashwin is bold, slower through the air, getting the ball to dip, creating the gap between its pitch and Watson's reach. Defends;
43.4;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs down the wicket, not to its pitch again, drives this wide of long-off for two;
43.3;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run flatter, quicker, pushed to cover. No run again. Pressure. Excellent from India;
43.2;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run down the wicket, beaten in the flight as this dips on him, flicked to that midwicket again;
43.1;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run on a length, no room, he defends to short midwicket;
42.6;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run short of a length, pretty straight, defended to leg;
42.5;1;Sharma to Watson, 1 run low swinging full toss, clipped to deep midwicket for one;
42.4;1;Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run on a length, tails in towards off, pushed to mid-on for one;
42.3;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run short of a length, no room, has hit the bat as opposed to the bat hitting the ball. Heavy ball. Hits the shoulder of the bat as he defends;
42.2;?;Sharma to Faulkner, no run short of a length, on off, punched to extra cover;
42.1;W;Sharma to Clarke, OUT another wicket for India. This is a soft dismissal. A little luck for them. This is a short ball. Not a bouncer. No menace behind this. Only waist high. Clarke can see a four over midwicket, but just doesn't get the elevation he desires. Finds Rohit Sharma there. This is what a break in momentum does to you. Slight uncertainty, and a boundary ball has resulted in a catch in the infield;Michael Clarke c RG Sharma b MM Sharma 10 (16m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
47.6;1;Sharma to Haddin, 1 run slower ball, Haddin reads it late, but opens the face to get a single to short third man;
47.5;W;Sharma to Watson, OUT slower ball, in his slot, this time he has picked the slower ball, but he has cramped him for room, and his slog settles with deep square leg. Just can't get enough power behind this shot because there is no rook available;Shane Watson c Rahane b Sharma 28 (51m 30b 2x4 1x6) SR: 93.33;
47.4;?;Sharma to Watson, no run well bowled. A yorker outside off as he sees him back away. Dug out to point;
47.3;4;Sharma to Watson, FOUR runs short ball, but not the Yadav variety. Easy to pull this as there is hardly any nasty pace behind this. Pulls this wide of deep midwicket. Now he reaches a run a ball;
47.2;2;Sharma to Watson, 2 runs slower ball, has him there, Watson has to check that slog, but the top edge somehow clears square leg. Lucky for Watson;
47.1;4;Sharma to Watson, FOUR runs makes room to drive a length ball wide of cover for four. The worst ball to bowl at this stage is length;
46.6;4;Yadav to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin is usually stylish down the ground, but this is just power. No elegance, just effectiveness. Makes room to drill this full ball straight of mid-on;
46.5;?;Yadav to Haddin, no run short of a length, quick, no room, 143ks still, Haddin is making room but is cramped;
46.4;?;Yadav to Haddin, no run lovely yorker as Haddin makes room. Right on the crease. Dug out by Haddin, but that is a perfect delivery;
46.3;W;Yadav to Faulkner, OUT Faulkner goes after that cameo. Yadav bowls full and straight. Fuller than a length ball, just short of a yorker. Faulkner swings across the line to go over the leg side. Misses it altogether as it tails back in. Timbah;James Faulkner b Yadav 21 (20m 12b 3x4 1x6) SR: 175;
46.2;4;Yadav to Faulkner, FOUR runs full, just short of the yorker length, and he has slogged this straight of deep midwicket. Amazing how he keeps missing the fielders;
46.1;1;Yadav to Watson, 1 run nails this punch to deep midwicket. Gets a single;
41.6;1;Jadeja to Clarke, 1 run length ball, into the pads, dropped into the leg side for one;
41.5;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run makes room to punch this length ball to long-off for one;
41.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run flat and straight, no room, pushed to cover;
41.3;1;Jadeja to Clarke, 1 run fired into the pads, this time he has a fielder on the boundary in front of square on the leg side. Gives away just the single;
41.2;?;Jadeja to Clarke, no run slower through the air as Clarke shimmies, gets some turn, draws a defensive shot;
41.1;4;Jadeja to Clarke, FOUR runs and there is the boundary. A length ball, fired into the pads, he uses all the pace of the ball, and chips it over midwicket for four;
40.6;?;Shami to Watson, no run half-volley outside off, crunched away, but straight to mid-off;
40.5;?;Shami to Watson, no run bouncer again, and again he gets it higher than the shoulder. He withdraws from the pull. Two good bouncers this over;
40.4;?;Shami to Watson, no run wide length ball, he stays back to cut, but finds the man at point;
40.3;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run short of a length, on off, runs this down to third man for one;
40.2;?;Shami to Clarke, no run bouncer, good bouncer, higher than the shoulder, Clarke pulls out of the pull;
40.1;1;Shami to Watson, 1 run square-drive a wide length ball, Jadeja dives to his wrong side at point to save three runs;
45.6;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run another flat fast delivery wide outside off, this time Watson drives it to deep cover for one;
45.5;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run clever bowling. Sees Watson backing away, and fires in a wide yorker. Well bowled;
45.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run bowls a round-arm fast ball outside off, hurries Watson up. Another dot;
45.3;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run Watson looks for a slog sweep this time, gets an inside edge into his back pad. Credit Jadeja for pulling the length back;
45.2;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run makes room to expose the cover field as India strengthen the leg-side field. Raina, though, makes a diving save at cover to save three runs;
45.1;6;Jadeja to Faulkner, SIX runs Faulkner the finisher. Faulkner the party pooper. Slog-sweeps this flat over midwicket for six. Hits the gloves that are left to dry there;
44.6;?;Shami to Watson, no run another yorker, tailing back in, following him, kept out by Watson, but the desired result for India: a dot ball;
44.5;1b;Shami to Faulkner, 1 bye makes room, Shami follows him up with the endangered species - the yorker. Just the single off the inside edge;
44.4;4;Shami to Faulkner, FOUR runs this short ball is not that great. A bit tired really. This is only chest high, and he has pulled this between deep backward square and long leg;
44.3;4;Shami to Faulkner, FOUR runs that's lucky runs for Faulkner. Good bouncer from Shami, gets it shoulder high, Faulkner looks to drag it from outside off, gets a top edge over the keeper's head;
44.2;3;Shami to Watson, 3 runs slower length ball, Watson has picked the field well with no sweeper back on the off side, and he makes room to go over cover. Not the best connection, but clears the infield;
44.1;1;Shami to Faulkner, 1 run short of a length, straight, worked to leg for one;
39.6;?;Jadeja to Clarke, no run another shimmy, and another forward-defensive;
39.5;?;Jadeja to Clarke, no run shimmies down the wicket, Jadeja slows it down a little, Clarke defends to leg;
39.4;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run flat, short of a length, punched down to long-off for one;
39.3;1;Jadeja to Clarke, 1 run tossed up on off, driven to long-off for one;
39.2;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run full, into the pads, driven to long-on for one;
39.1;1;Jadeja to Clarke, 1 run short of a length, flat, straight, worked away for a single around the corner;
38.6;?;Yadav to Watson, no run short of a length, on off, defended back to him;
38.5;?;Yadav to Watson, no run forward-defensive as he pitches on a length;
38.5;1w;Yadav to Watson, 1 wide wide down the leg side. Kettleborough not affected by the appeal for the catch;
38.4;?;Yadav to Watson, no run short of a length, just outside off, pushed to cover off the back foot;
38.3;1;Yadav to Clarke, 1 run pulled away for one to deep backward square leg;
38.2;W;Yadav to Finch, OUT good sharp short ball. India are clawing back. They could still keep Australia down to a manageable total. Only Yadav has been able to hurry the batsmen with the short ball. Finch is hurried into this again. This is just outside off, chest high, and does him for the pace. The edge is taken, and caught at midwicket. A hard-working team-man innings from Finch comes to an end;Aaron Finch c Dhawan b Yadav 81 (160m 116b 7x4 1x6) SR: 69.82;
38.1;?;Yadav to Finch, no run short, outside off, short-arm pulled to midwicket;
37.6;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run flat, into the pads, worked away square for one;
37.5;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run flat, short of a length, punched, but can't beat point;
37.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run tossed up, middle and leg, worked ton short fine leg;
37.3;W;Ashwin to Maxwell, OUT Ashwin has bowled well, and he has got the big Maxwell wicket. Good field placings, good courage to bowl slow through the air. The ball turns into the pads, he cannot play it through the off side, and doesn't bother keeping the sweep down. Straight down the lap of deep backward square it goes;Glenn Maxwell c Rahane b Ashwin 23 (17m 14b 3x4 1x6) SR: 164.28;
37.2;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run slow through the air, well bowled. Dips a little. Maxwell is cramped by the turn. Defended back to him;
37.1;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run length ball, offbreak, bunted to leg for one;
36.6;?;Yadav to Maxwell, no run low full toss, makes room to slice it, but straight to Rahane at cover-point;
36.5;4;Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower ball, but Maxwell picks it and backs away to drill it back over Yadav's head for four. This is pummelled. Absolutely pummelled;
36.4;?;Yadav to Maxwell, no run yorker outside off, dug out to mid-off;
36.3;6;Yadav to Maxwell, SIX runs oh more Ponting evoked here. This is an ordinary short ball, and he sets up the base to go back and pull this over midwicket for six;
36.2;4;Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR runs just a little short of a length, and Maxwell pulls this Ponting-style for four through long leg. Just helped along the way;
36.1;1lb;Yadav to Finch, 1 leg bye big lbw shout as he plays across the line. The way Finch runs he is looking guilty. Kettleborough gets it right again. This is bouncing over. Finch, though, can be run out, but Raina misses from short cover;
35.6;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run short again, rib high again, helped away for a single;
35.5;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run short ball, rib high, pulled away. Lucky to get away with it. Lucky it has gone straight to long leg;
35.4;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run low full toss, drilled back at him, he gets a touch to it, but the deflection to midwicket yields a single;
35.3;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs short of a length, at the hips, nicely glanced fine of fine leg. Yadav clumsy with the dive there. Ordinary ball, ordinary fielding;
35.2;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, runs this down to third man;
35.1;2;Shami to Maxwell, 2 runs Maxwell makes room, Shami bounces him, Maxwell tries to cut this down the ground (yes), and gets a top edge over the keeper's head;
34.6;1;Yadav to Maxwell, 1 run on a length, angling in towards off, plays this with soft hands, drops it towards cover, rushes through for one;
34.5;?;Yadav to Maxwell, no run short of a length, wide, cut away to point;
34.4;?;Yadav to Maxwell, no run on a length, just outside off, defended to cover;
34.4;1w;Yadav to Maxwell, 1 wide wide down leg again. Yadav is trying to deny them room, but is bowling only down leg;
34.3;4;Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR runs four first ball for Maxwell. Length ball, into the pads, flicked away, square of fine leg. Easy pickings first up;
34.2;1lb;Yadav to Finch, 1 leg bye angling in, beats the inside edge, concedes a leg-bye;
34.2;1w;Yadav to Finch, 1 wide wide down leg again as Yadav looks to tuck him up but misfires;
34.2;1w;Yadav to Finch, 1 wide wide down the leg side. A rib-high short ball;
34.1;W;Yadav to Smith, OUT India get the breakthrough. Smith won't score a double. Yadav bowls a bouncer that finally gets head high. Smith clears the front leg to hook. Doesn't control it. The top edge settles with deep square leg. Smith raises his bat to the crowd as he walks off;Steven Smith c RG Sharma b Yadav 105 (121m 93b 11x4 2x6) SR: 112.9;
33.6;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs low full toss, Finch gets inside its line, and provides it a ramp with his bat to launch it over short fine leg for four;
33.5;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run short of a length, into the body, worked away for a single;
33.4;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs slower ball. Matters nowt. He has picked this early, opens the hip by clearing the front leg, and lofts this back over the bowler's head. The move-on is on. Too early to call a Smith double hundred?;
33.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run makes room but drives this full toss straight to extra cover. Misses out;
33.2;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run low full toss, driven to midwicket for one;
33.1;6;Sharma to Finch, SIX runs India continue bowling short with no meanness or intent behind the balls. Finch makes room, upper-cuts it, and sends it over point for six. This could just be the turning point in this Finch innings;
32.6;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs and there is the hundred. Poor bowling. Short ball, waist high. Bouncers get wickets. Just short balls don't. He drags this pull from outside off, beats short fine leg. Removes the helmet. Celebrates the hundreds. Keeps in with the tradition of Aussie Nos 3 standing up tall in big matches;
32.5;6;Shami to Smith, SIX runs length ball, angling in, he clears the front leg, and slogs this over midwicket for a six. Smith is slowly hitting that next gear;
32.4;?;Shami to Smith, no run short of a length, wide, beats the punch;
32.3;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs low full toss, Smith shuffles across, plays with a closed face, beats short fine leg. For a moment Shami thinks lbw is in business;
32.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run short of a length, angling in to off, pushed back to the bowler;
32.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run short of a length, wide, punched away, but can't beat the man at backward point;
31.6;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run cuts from the line of leg again, but finds cover;
31.5;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run reverse-sweeps, is beaten, but is hit outside the line of off;
31.4;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs makes room to cut this from outside leg, Rohit Sharma misfields at point;
31.3;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs reverse sweep with no third man in place. Gets a couple;
31.2;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-on for one;
31.1;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run full, swept away from just outside off, gets a single to deep backward square;
30.6;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, outside off, dabbed away to third man for one;
30.5;?;Sharma to Finch, no run full, low full toss, worked to midwicket;
30.4;?;Sharma to Finch, no run that's close. Big shout for lbw. Short of a length, nips back in, hits just above the knee roll. It is hitting the stumps, but the impact seems outside off. Replays show umpire's call on impact and also that is only clipping the top of the stumps;
30.3;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run slower ball, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover;
30.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short of a length, on off, punched to cover;
30.1;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs short of a length, straight, punched down the ground, straight of mid-on. A good start to the last 20 overs for Australia;
29.6;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run slower through the air, flighted around off, defended back to him;
29.5;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run short of a length, worked around the corner, but not wide of backward square leg;
29.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run full, middle and off, pushed to short straight midwicket;
29.3;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run down the wicket to push this to deep midwicket;
29.2;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run swept away hard, takes a single to deep backward square;
29.1;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run tossed up, middle and off, pushed to short straight midwicket;
28.6;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs short, waist high, pulled between deep backward square and deep midwicket for two;
28.5;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, into the body, punched to the right of midwicket for one;
28.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run length ball, on the pads, chipped away to deep midwicket for one;
28.3;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs down the wicket, drives this length ball in front of deep cover for two;
28.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short of a length, just outside off, punched to cover;
28.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short of a length, outside off, a little extra bounce, beats his punch;
27.6;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run Ahswin bowls shortish and flat, he goes back to cut, and is disgusted with himself at not finding the gap;
27.5;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run some turn again, into the pads, he deflects it behind square, but finds short fine leg;
27.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run full, just outside off, turning in, defended off the front foot;
27.3;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run punches this down to long-on as Ashwin bowls flat;
27.2;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run swept away this time, but straight to deep midwicket, gets just the single;
27.1;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs tossed up, middle and leg, clipped away in the gap deep on the leg side. Rushes back for the second;
26.6;4;Jadeja to Smith, FOUR runs lovely shot. A Mark Waugh shot without that elegance. Down the wicket, chips this over midwicket. Easy does it;
26.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run overpitched on the pads, worked to long leg for one;
26.4;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run driven down to long-off for one;
26.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tossed up outside off, he presses forward to push this to deep cover to bring up a subdued fifty. A solid effort nonetheless. Full of character;
26.2;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one;
26.1;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run flat length ball, he stays back and punches, and finds cover-point;
25.6;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs swept away from middle and leg, awkward slide from Mohit at long leg. A chunk of turn comes off as he slides vertically straight into the ground. Lucky he hasn't done any damage to himself;
25.5;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run driven to long-on for one;
25.4;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run short of a length, punched away to cover;
25.3;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run he has driven this into the stumps at the non-striker's end, and India are appealing for a run-out. First things first. Ashwin does get a touch on it as he dives, but Finch is alert. He is holding the bat in his left hand, and has gone back immediately as he sees a straight drive from Smith;
25.2;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run nice dip on this offbreak, he ends up pushing this to short straight midwicket;
25.1;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run offbreak just outside off, defended with an open face;
24.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run this time he gets an inside edge onto the pad, but this has fallen wide of Dhoni;
24.5;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run and now he pushes one down the ground for one;
24.4;6;Jadeja to Smith, SIX runs Smith has manufactured the length here. Sees the flat delivery early, this is not short, just short of a length, but he has gone deep into the crease to convert this into a short ball, and he pulled it with a vertical bat over midwicket. Excellent batting;
24.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run pushed to long-on;
24.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run appeal for bat-pad catch, but this has lobbed off the flap of the pad. No bat involved;
24.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run full, middle and leg, pushed to short midwicket;
23.6;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, pushed to cover;
23.5;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run short of a length, worked around the corner for one;
23.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run tossed up, slight dip, draws a defensive shot;
23.3;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run pushed to long-on for another single;
23.2;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run pushed to long-on for one;
23.1;3;Ashwin to Smith, 3 runs lovely shot. Ashwin bowls a wide full ball, an offbreak designed to draw his bat away from the body, but he uses the wrists well to keep this drive down. Against the spin it goes, past the cover;
22.6;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run driven down to long-on for one;
22.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run defended to leg for a single;
22.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run huge lbw shout, given not out, but Dhoni has gone against his instinct to review this. Finch is sweeping, is beaten, and the umpire reckons he is outside the line of off. Dhoni thinks the same too, but Jadeja is persistent that he has hit him in the line. Dhoni asks him where he hit him on the pad. Jadeja says the inside part of the bat. Dhoni finally gives in. You can see this is just a risk. Dhoni is not convinced about it. Replays show umpire's call. Desperate review. Wrong review;
22.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run flat length ball, defended to leg;
22.2;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run punched down to long-on as he pitches short of a length;
22.1;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run on a length, on the pads, dropped into the leg side for a single that takes the partnership to 100;
21.6;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run nudges this offbreak around the corner for one;
21.5;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs short of a length, turning into the pads, bunted into the leg side, and takes on Mohit Sharma's arm at deep backward square. Takes the second;
21.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run short again, the turn this time means he hasn't placed it well. Straight to cover-point;
21.3;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs too short. This will release the pressure. The story of India's summer against Australia. They created pressure during the Tests too, but would release it with a bad ball. This is a bad ball. Short and wide, and is cut away for four;
21.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run slower through the air, regulation offbreak, defended to leg;
21.1;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run flat delivery, arm ball, punched to point;
20.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run full, overpitched, finally plays down the ground and gets a single to long-on;
20.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run flatter, into the pads, defended;
20.4;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run stays back again, Jadeja bowls length, he dabs on it, but can't beat short third man;
20.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run stays back again as Jadeja pitches this up again. Can't do much with it;
20.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run stays back to a length ball, punches it to cover;
20.1;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run down the wicket again, right to its pitch, pushes this to long-on for one;
19.6;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run flighted around off, dips too, defended back to him;
19.5;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run short of a length, cut away, Ashwin is lucky Rohit makes the diving save at cover-point. Has saved three runs. Smith not happy he has not placed this perfectly;
19.4;3lb;Ashwin to Finch, 3 leg byes leg spin almost in business. Short of a length, into the pads, goes back to whip it behind square, goes fine of that leg spin. Too fast for the man;
19.3;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run big slog sweep attempted, is beaten, but the bounce is taking this over. hence the muted lbw shout;
19.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run some dip from Ashwin, defended back to him;
19.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run down the wicket, to the pitch of the ball, drives it to long-on;
18.6;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run clipped away off the pads to bring up yet another fifty against India. Smith loves them. They don't him. Fair to say;
18.5;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run Kohli at short straight cover saves one with his dive. Dhoni likes this better than he did Rohit at short straight midwicket;
18.4;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run defended back to him as he bowls fast and straight;
18.3;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run defended back to him;
18.2;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run pushed straight to the diving short straight midwicket. Dhoni doesn't like the effort. Wants Rohit Sharma to cut that single. "Two steps forward.";
18.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run tossed up, middle and leg, defended back to Jadeja;
17.6;?;Ashwin to Smith, no run nicely tossed up wide outside off, some drift, some dip, creates the bat-pad gap, draws an inside edge, but he is safe;
17.5;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run this one turns back in to cramp him up, punched down to long-off for one;
17.4;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run short of a length, he goes back to cut, Ahswin is lucky he has found the fielder;
17.3;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run nice dip as he goes slower through the air. Defended off the front foot;
17.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run wide half-volley, he plays for the non-existent turn, hits it off the outside half of the bat, to point;
17.1;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run tossed up wide outside off, driven to long-on for one;
16.6;?;Sharma to Finch, no run on a length, just outside off, defended to cover;
16.5;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs slower ball but if you bowl them so often, the short and wide delivery counts as a rank poor ball. Cut away in front of point for four;
16.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run short of a length, middle and leg, worked away for a single;
16.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full, on off, hits the inside half of the bat somehow;
16.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run slower ball, full, on off, defended from the crease;
16.1;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs short of a length, punched away slightly to the right of third man where Shami's arm is taken on, and a couple secured;
15.6;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run short of a length, punched away to deep point for one more;
15.5;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run on a length, holds its line, defended back to him;
15.4;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run overpitched, driven to long-on for one;
15.3;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run this is middle and leg, doesn't turn, hits the inside half of the bat;
15.2;4;Jadeja to Finch, FOUR runs tossed up wide, he sets up a solid base, and smacks this drive powerfully through cover. This is bludgeoned. No niceties about it;
15.1;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run stays back to a length ball and punches this to deep cover;
14.6;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run punched away to deep cover again;
14.5;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run slower ball, short, punched away powerfully to deep cover;
14.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run on a length, outside off, opens the face late, gets a single to deep cover;
14.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run on a length, just outside off, defended off the back foot;
14.2;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, wide, punched away to deep point for one;
14.1;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run short of a length, on off, he has somehow managed to place it wide of mid-on for one;
13.6;3;Jadeja to Smith, 3 runs down the wicket again, what looks like an on-drive for one ends up being a whip through midwicket as his wrists come into play at the last moment;
13.5;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to the left of cover, and they get a single despite Rahane's dive here;
13.4;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run down the wicket, right to its pitch, drives it to long-on for one;
13.3;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run moral victory for Jadeja as he has already made Finch take big risk. he backs away early, and cuts this from in front of the stumps for a single;
13.2;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run hits him pad but this is headed well down leg;
13.1;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run on a length, middle and leg, defended around the front pad;
12.6;1lb;Sharma to Finch, 1 leg bye missed put. This is down leg and a length ball. On another day Finch glances this for four eyes closed. Today he has not been at his best, and gets just one leg-bye;
12.5;?;Sharma to Finch, no run on a length, angling in, defended to leg;
12.4;?;Sharma to Finch, no run slower ball, on off, defended;
12.3;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run moves inside the line of a shortish delivery, gets a single to long leg;
12.2;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, into the pads, works it fine of square leg for one;
12.1;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs gentle-paced bouncer, only about chest high, and Finch has pulled this powerfully between deep backward square and deep midwicket. This will give Finch some confidence after a tentative start;
11.6;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run short of a length, outside off, he goes back to open the face, takes a single to the right of short third man;
11.5;1;Kohli to Smith, 1 run full toss outside off, driven to long-off for one;
11.4;4;Kohli to Smith, FOUR runs short this time, why are they feeding Smith? He loves it. Shuffles across, and pulls this through midwicket;
11.3;1;Kohli to Finch, 1 run full outside off, driven to long-off;
11.2;?;Kohli to Finch, no run length ball outside off, pushed with an open face to point;
11.1;?;Kohli to Finch, no run full inswinger, pushed to short cover for a crowd catch;
10.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run on a length, just outside off, defended watchfully;
10.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run slower ball, short of a length, and again he finds that square leg with that flick. With a normal field Smith would have got at least a couple of singles so far;
10.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short of a length, at the stumps, worked to square leg;
10.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run slower ball, on off, he picks it and defends;
10.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run short of a length, at the stump, defended to leg;
10.1;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run short of a length, at the stumps, bunted into the leg side for one;
9.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run defends a length ball to leg;
9.5;4;Yadav to Smith, FOUR runs this is ordinary bowling. India have used the bouncer well through the World Cup, but this is Australia, and they are not bowling it like they mean it. Only about rig high, and Smith shuffles across to pull it through square leg for four more. All along the ground;
9.4;4;Yadav to Smith, FOUR runs this is a limp short ball. Shows that Yadav is in his fifth over. Just waist high, Smith shuffles across, and pulls this through square leg to beat the man at short midwicket;
9.3;?;Yadav to Smith, no run full this time, driven back down the ground, Yadav fields to his left;
9.2;4;Yadav to Smith, FOUR runs Smith hurts Yadav. Bowled short at 149ks, between waist and chest high, wide outside off, and he has drag-pulled it through midwicket. All along the ground. In full control of this pull;
9.1;4;Yadav to Smith, FOUR runs short of a length, wide, Smith lets rip, doesn't quite control it, but finds the gap between point and cover-point. Don't think this would have carried even if it had been hot straight at the man, but fair to say he wasn't in control of the pull;
8.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run on a length, just outside off, defended from the crease;
8.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run full outside off, just holds its line, left alone;
8.4;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run short of a length, this time he shuffles across to work this wide of midwicket for one;
8.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run short of a length, angling in, punched to mid-on;
8.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run fuller, straight, pushed back to the bowler;
8.1;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run he is not in control of this pull at all. Head-high bouncer, he is not looking at it, seems to have bailed out of the pull late, but the ball hits the semi periscope. Could have gone anywhere, but this has gone straight down towards deep backward square;
7.6;?;Yadav to Smith, no run length ball outside off. Defended to point;
7.5;1;Yadav to Finch, 1 run he is beaten for pace by this short ball. Hits it high on the bat as he looks to pull. Somehow manages to keep it down. Is headed for the ribs if the bat doesn't intervene;
7.4;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run moves across again, guides this to long leg for one;
7.3;?;Yadav to Smith, no run drives uppishly at a wide length ball, but it doesn't carry to point;
7.2;1;Yadav to Finch, 1 run short of a length, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one;
7.1;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run shuffles across, takes this from middle and leg, and works it away for a single;
6.6;?;Shami to Finch, no run on a length, pushed towards mid-on with a straight face;
6.6;1w;Shami to Finch, 1 wide wide down the leg side as this one starts too straight and moves further down leg;
6.5;?;Shami to Finch, no run full, shaping in, keeping him honest. Defended to mid-on;
6.4;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run shuffles across to pull this short ball to long leg for one;
6.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run on a length, around off, defended to mid-on;
6.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run length ball, outside off, left alone. Again a bit of shape back in;
6.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run full outside off, slight shape back in, pushed to mid-off;
5.6;?;Yadav to Finch, no run short, wide, Finch goes pull as opposed to the cut, and finds mid-on with it;
5.5;?;Yadav to Finch, no run full outswinging yorker, at 148ks, beats him both for pace and the swing outside off;
5.4;?;Yadav to Finch, no run full, fast, 149ks, on off, slight shape away, defended to mid-on;
5.3;1;Yadav to Smith, 1 run good ball. Late away swing from just outside off, but Smith recovers well, plays with soft hands, guides it wide of the slips for a single;
5.2;?;Yadav to Smith, no run length-ball outswinger outside off. Smith lets it go through to the keeper;
5.1;?;Yadav to Smith, no run appeal for leg-before as this shortish ball beats the inside edge of the shuffling batsman. It is bouncing over the stumps;
4.6;3;Shami to Smith, 3 runs tries the full leg-side yorker to look to go behind the shuffling Smith, but his bat comes down in time and flicks this away through midwicket;
4.5;1;Shami to Finch, 1 run another wide length ball, Finch realises he is not close to the line of the ball, and opens the face late to get a single to third man;
4.4;?;Shami to Finch, no run length ball outside off, driven nicely, but straight to mid-off;
4.3;?;Shami to Finch, no run short of a length, wide outside off, left alone. Must have been tempting, this ball;
4.2;2;Shami to Finch, 2 runs big inswinger, a touch too straight, and he has picked it off the pads. Gets a couple fine of long leg;
4.1;4;Shami to Finch, FOUR runs beautiful shot. Shami overpitches. Finch just leans into it, shows it the full face, and sends it to the right of the stumps at the non-striker's end. Lovely straight drive.;

Dev: "@Sam are we talking about work on WC semifinal?"
 Innings Start
10.45pm: India pass over their crown, then, but only after battling their way to last four, having been largely written off before the tournament. They have two of the four leading wicket-takers, in Umesh Yadav and Mohammed Shami, but the batsmen didn't quite fire when they most needed it. Suppose back-to-back semi-final thrillers was asking a lot. Australia, the World Cup usual suspects, they're into another final and you sense they haven't quite hit top gear yet. New Zealand are already flying, so we could be in for a real treat on Sunday. Brydon's report should be your next stop, then stick around for Match Point and a smorgasbord of analysis from the ground. We'll have plenty of build-up over the next couple of days, then Sid and myself will be back to take a figurative turn around the G. Until then, go well. Cheerio
10.35pm: Time for the post-match speeches, starting with India captain MS Dhoni: "They played very good cricket, over 300 is always a difficult score, I felt it was just over par, they could have had 350. We started okay but they bowled well, they got the reverse swing going. We were happy with where we were at the start of the tournament. We got off to a very good start, Shikhar's dismissal was slightly on the softer side, at a time when we could have had the bowling under pressure. Didn't really need to play a big shot. But you get pressure chasing 300+, makes you do things you don't want to do. There was too much [for me to do], our lower order can't contribute too much in these conditions. Most of the good teams bat quite deep. Not sure [about next World Cup], I'm 33, I'm still running, still fit. Next year, T20 World Cup, will be time to decide about 2019 or not. [Players improved?] Rahane is one, right through the Tests, ODIs, he's improved his batting a lot. I would like to thank the fans, at the end of the day when you play cricket you want people to come and watch, we've been here four months and the fans are travelling all over."
And here's Michael Clarke, Australia's beaming captain, after giving MS a hug: "Obviously really excited, the boys played some outstanding cricket, Smithy's hitting the ball so sweetly and I was really proud of the execution of our bowlers. A lot of the guys sacrificed themselves for the team. Thanks to MS Dhoni and the India team, they've given a lot over the summer... You asked if MS was going to be at the next World Cup, I'm sure he will be, he has a lot of cricket in him. Losing to New Zealand [in the group stage] gave us a kick up the backside, the boys have turned up to training and the results have showed that. It's a wonderful achievement, we're proud to make the final but it's going to be tough against New Zealand. We'll fly to Melbourne, recover tomorrow, speak about training. It's been a long summer, we've got a few aches, mentally ready for the final but physically a few things to sort out. They're a great team, it's always good to play New Zealand, we hope plenty of Aussies come out to support us."
10.25pm: In the end, the pressure bearing down was just too great. Australia pinned the first plus-300 total in a World Cup semi on the door and then let the scoreboard do the job for them. India's last four wickets fell for two runs in 15 balls but things had already got well beyond their compass by that point. So, we have the final many predicted, the two co-hosts: Australia in their seventh, New Zealand their first. It will be a rematch from the group stage, of course, when New Zealand won a nipper by one wicket. We'll have another one of those, please.
Steven Smith is named Man of the Match for his superb hundred, plus some handy work in the field: "Certainly does [feel good], we thought 330 was around par, we had to bowl and field well, the boys did a terrific job, so hang on Melbourne. [Pleased with performance] Big stage tonight, semi-final of a World Cup, just nice to get over the line at the end. I always think of those people who've helped you along the way, really happy where everything at the moment and looking forward to Melbourne. [Rahane review] Me and Maxi thought 'I'm sure he hit that', they looked upstairs and there it was. Nice one to get. [Runs left for the final] Hope so, another big hundred would be nice, going to be an amazing moment to play a World Cup final against New Zealand, in our conditions at the MCG.
46.5;W;Starc to Yadav, OUT full and straight and Umesh is castled, too good for a No. 11. Australia win by 95 runs and go through to the World Cup final, India, the defending champions, lose their title as well as an 11-match unbeaten run;Umesh Yadav b Starc 0 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.4;?;Starc to Yadav, no run;
46.3;?;Starc to Yadav, no run short and wide this time, Umesh stays clear;
46.2;?;Starc to Yadav, no run yow, that has clanged Umesh on the helmet grill. No mercy from the Australians, Starc banged it in, rising with lethal intent, deflected off the glove and into his chin;
46.1;1;Starc to Shami, 1 run around the wicket, pitched up outside off, edged and it bobbles between keeper and slip, third man cleans up;
45.6;?;Faulkner to Yadav, no run full, too full and Umesh blocks it steadfastly on the front foot;
45.5;W;Faulkner to Sharma, OUT another, Faulkner hits the stumps again! Two in two, India's time is almost up. Popped it on a length, slightly wobbly medium pace and Mohit played it like a stick of Kryptonite;Mohit Sharma b Faulkner 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
45.4;W;Faulkner to Ashwin, OUT bowled him, done for lack of pace and zing go the bails! Faulkner was carted around at the start of the innings but he's come back well, gets the legcutter on target and Ashwin plays all around it;Ravichandran Ashwin b Faulkner 5 (19m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
45.3;?;Faulkner to Ashwin, no run length, outside off, dabs and misses again. Oh dear;
45.2;?;Faulkner to Ashwin, no run another cutter in the channel, Ashwin gets back on this one;
45.1;?;Faulkner to Ashwin, no run good length outside off, slightly slower and it slips past the outside edge;
44.6;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run on the stumps, gets in line and pushes one into a gap;
44.5;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run fired through at nearly 90mph, past the outside edge once again;
44.4;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run back of a length, speared across the batsman, who stays back and fishes unsuccessfully;
44.3;W;Starc to Dhoni, OUT gone, Dhoni is run out by a direct hit from Maxwell, that's all, folks! Dhoni heads straight off, head bowed, nothing even India's supernatural finisher could do about this. He'd worked the singles hard, flicked this off his legs to midwicket and let probability have a go - Maxwell only had one stump to aim at but he dead-eyed it, Dhoni didn't even bother to dive, he was that far out;MS Dhoni run out (Maxwell) 65 (94m 65b 3x4 2x6) SR: 100;
44.3;2nb;Starc to Ashwin, (no ball) 1 run Starc unleashes a beamer, wide of the stumps and Ashwin coolly steers it to third man - no-ball called, not a free hit, though;
44.2;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run drops short again, this time regular pace, swings across the line and picks out deep square leg;
44.1;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run short delivery, possibly slower and Dhoni pulls hard and fails to connect;
43.6;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run full and outside off, flicked away in front of point for another single - they've seen off Johnson (2-50) but still need more than 100 from the last six;
43.5;1;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 run good line from Johnson, asking the batsman to take the risk, steered through the covers;
43.4;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run fullish outside off, Dhoni squirts it away through cover point, had gone deep in the crease, another slower ball, I think;
43.3;1;Johnson to Ashwin, 1 run stays in the crease and punches one through a gap in the covers;
43.2;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run short and clipped off the hips through square;
43.1;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run angled across, Johnson takes the pace off it, chopped into the covers;
42.6;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run very full again, digs it out into the covers for a single;
42.5;1;Watson to Ashwin, 1 run short ball from Watto, the batsman was ready, uppercuts to third man, in the air but lands safely and gets Dhoni back on strike;
42.4;?;Watson to Ashwin, no run beaten in the channel, nothing shot from Ashwin, trying to fiddle one to third man, misses;
42.3;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run Watson goes around the wicket, low full toss and miscued into the midwicket area;
42.2;6;Watson to Dhoni, SIX runs six more, down the ground! Watson delivers it in the slot again and Dhoni pounces, huge forearms pumping as he levers another mighty over long-off;
42.1;6;Watson to Dhoni, SIX runs full length outside off and this goes, in to the crowd at deep cover! A brutal smear from Dhoni, skipped forwards and cracked it way back over the rope. That's his fifty - the T20 Blood God awakens;
41.6;?;Johnson to Ashwin, no run banged in, length in the corridor outside off, slides past the outside edge;
41.5;W;Johnson to Dhoni, OUT called for one, direct hit from Smith and Jadeja is struggling... Gone! Dhoni tried to pinch one more to backward point, ran it too close to the fielder and the throw rifled in to catch Jadeja a couple of inches short;Ravindra Jadeja run out (Smith) 16 (23m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 94.11;
41.4;1;Johnson to Jadeja, 1 run continues on a full length, not quite hitting the yorker, this tails on to the pads and Jadeja flicks it to fine leg;
41.3;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run charges in, this is full and wide of the stumps, throws the bat but mistimes it into the covers, still gets one;
41.2;1;Johnson to Jadeja, 1 run wide of the stumps, backs away and chops one more down to third man;
41.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run length in the channel and Dhoni spears it through square;
40.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run goes back and across and defends a length ball - Hazlewood finishes with 1 for 41 from 10. But he'll wish he had Dhoni, too;
40.5;4;Hazlewood to Jadeja, FOUR runs bit of width, four for Jadeja, stayed back and cut the ball with a rapier flash through point, wide of the third man;
40.4;1;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 1 run short again, Dhoni had retained the strike, pulls this flat down towards fine leg;
40.3;2;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 2 runs pulled but it flies high, towards the edge of the ring, but Clarke drops it on the run! A life for Dhoni and how crucial could that be? Big top edge as Hazlewood cramped him for room, Clarke made the ground really well, got his hands under it but allowed it to pop out;
40.2;1;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 1 run straighter line, stays back and works the ball into the leg side;
40.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run angled across the lefty, slightly back of a length, stabbed into the covers and two men converge on it quickly;
39.6;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run angled in and played with a straight bat into the leg side for another single;
39.5;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run fullish, another change of pace from Faulkner, crouching walk forwards and pushed to mid-off, one more;
39.4;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run back of a length, works this one off his hips, they think about two but won't get the second;
39.3;?;Faulkner to Jadeja, no run tight line around off stump, Jadeja shows it a solid straight bat in defence;
39.2;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run cuts this away from the batsman, in the channel, reaches out and steers a single;
39.1;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run fullish, outside off, Dhoni cuts and gets a bottom edge into the ground;
38.6;4;Starc to Jadeja, FOUR runs full and fast but reversing down the leg side - would have been a wide if Jadeja had not got some wood on it, runs quickly to the long-leg boundary;
38.5;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run attempted yorker, it's actually a low full toss but Dhoni can only block it into the turf, loops back towards mid-off;
38.4;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run pitched up in the channel, driven to the man at cover on the edge of the ring;
38.3;1lb;Starc to Jadeja, 1 leg bye zinging back in off a length and Jadeja is beaten on the inside again, thumps the thigh pad and squirts away;
38.2;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run stays back, rides the bounce of a back-of-a-length delivery, drops one into the covers;
38.1;2lb;Starc to Dhoni, 2 leg byes length, slightly leg side, flicks the pad and runs fine, Dhoni sets off with two in his mind and Watson's lethargic pick up makes sure he will get them;
37.6;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run slower ball, Dhoni calmly pats it through square on the leg side;
37.5;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run short ball, tries to hook it and gets a bottom edge past the wicket behind square on the leg side;
37.4;?;Faulkner to Jadeja, no run slightly short, in the channel outside off, punched into the ground but straight to backward point;
37.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run angled across, chopped off the back foot behind point, collected on the move but they still get one;
37.2;1;Faulkner to Jadeja, 1 run over the wicket and at the stumps, worked to the leg side;
37.1;?;Faulkner to Jadeja, no run nip-backer from Faulkner, this hits Jadeja on the pads, probably a touch high;
36.6;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run full and straight and whipped off the pads, flies along the ground to the fielder on the ring - which is lucky, because fine leg was up;
36.5;?;Starc to Dhoni, no run pitched up, punched back to the bowler;
36.4;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run short ball, tries to cut off the back foot, gets a bottom edge behind square;
36.3;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run full and homing in on the stumps, maybe sliding too far to leg as it thumps the pad and Dharmasena turns down Starc's appeal. Finch, fielding at short leg, then hits the stumps for good measure but Jadu was home;
36.2;W;Starc to Rahane, OUT Rahane plays with fire, fiddling at a length ball off the back foot... it slides past the outside edge. No one reacts but Australia then decide to review, not sure on whose prompting. Looks like a gamble, but... While there's no visible deviation, a thin scrape on Snicko is enough for Erasmus, he tells Dharmasena to overturn his decision. Australia have rolled the dice and come up trumps! Quite what Rahane thought he was doing, I don't know, hugely risky and he walks off without a backward glance;Ajinkya Rahane c ?Haddin b Starc 44 (87m 68b 2x4 0x6) SR: 64.7;
36.1;1;Starc to Dhoni, 1 run over the wicket, fullish around off stump, dobbed into the ground towards mid-off, who's back a touch and they take one comfortably;
35.6;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run on the stumps, goes deep and works one more to the leg side;
35.5;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs superbly placed, picked the full, wide delivery and sliced it in front of the diving point fielder, the backspin then takes it away from deep cover running around;
35.4;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run on the stumps, shuffles to off and flicks behind square, the man on the 45 doesn't field it cleanly and they get one;
35.3;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run on the walk, outside off, Faulkner again runs his fingers over it, Rahane dabs and misses;
35.2;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run goes very full and wide, reaches out and steers a single through the covers;
35.1;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run wide of the stumps, maybe a cutter, Dhoni swings leadenly at it, fails to connect;
34.6;2;Johnson to Rahane, 2 runs fullish outside off, Rahane throws the hands and slices over the infield, behind the man in the deep but Starc runs around and makes a good sliding stop;
34.5;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run shortish, gets behind it and drops one more down beside the pitch;
34.4;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run back of a length, Dhoni pokes it is like an old geezer stoking the fire, hits high on the bat and runs into the covers;
34.3;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run straighter line, works the ball away through square leg;
34.2;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run clever from Johnson, angled across and just cutting his fingers over it, takes the pace off and Rahane fishes, narrowly avoids feathering it through to Haddin;
34.1;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run length ball, driven on the up and Dhoni sets off immediately, putting pressure on the man in the covers, they steal a base;
33.6;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run good length on off stump, Dhoni happily chops through point for a single;
33.5;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run dug in and Rahane hooks wildly, not in control but, because he clothed it, the ball didn't reach fine leg;
33.4;2;Watson to Rahane, 2 runs touch back of a length outside off, plays this deftly off the face of the bat, fine of third man for a couple;
33.3;?;Watson to Rahane, no run short and scrambled, backs away and slashes hard at the ball outside off, misses it completely;
33.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run full and tailing in, comes forward again, this time elects to push back to the bowler;
33.1;4;Watson to Rahane, FOUR runs pitched up and Rahane is on the attack, skips out and lofts this down the ground, a genuine stroke for four this time;
32.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run hits the deck, rising above middle and leg stump, Dhoni drops it down on to the pitch and Johnson collects;
32.5;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run fullish, slightly leg side, flicked away through backward square with a turn of the wrist, to the man in the deep;
32.4;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run over the stumps, drops back and plays down the track;
32.3;4;Johnson to Rahane, FOUR runs reaches for the drive and it flies wide of slip, streaky boundary for Rahane, his first of the innings, beaten for pace but he flung the bat hard and got away with it;
32.3;1w;Johnson to Rahane, 1 wide sprayed across the right-hander from over the wicket, shapes to play but doesn't pull the trigger - wide;
32.2;1;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 run straighter line, working up his pace, turned through a gap at midwicket;
32.1;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run starts with a low full toss, quite wide and Dhoni struggles to reach for it, chops to backward point;
31.6;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run full length outside off, little bit of width, Dhoni bunts it through the covers along the ground;
31.5;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run shorter and Rahane swipes across the line, it's in the air but bounces a fair way short of deep midwicket;
31.4;?;Watson to Rahane, no run pitched up around off stump, tries to drive but can't get it past mid-on, struggling for timing here;
31.3;?;Watson to Rahane, no run cutter from Watson, Rahane pushes into the covers;
31.2;?;Watson to Rahane, no run fullish, around off stump, check-drive from Rahane, nicely played but straight to mid-off on the bounce;
31.1;?;Watson to Rahane, no run Rahane was walking across his stumps, Watson fires it a whisker past leg, batsman misses but the umpire is happy with it;
30.6;4;Hazlewood to Dhoni, FOUR runs gets out the carving knife and cuts another slice, this one has some luck about it, shorter length from Hazlewood and slashed on the up over slip for four more;
30.5;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run straighter line, goes across and whips a single through square;
30.4;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run angling in off a length, defended into the ground;
30.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run on the stumps, tries to turn off his body, can't get this away;
30.2;1;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 1 run goes shorter, stays on that line outside off, swatted through the covers for one;
30.1;4;Hazlewood to Dhoni, FOUR runs smashed down the ground, Dhoni puts a dent in the Hazlewood saloon, slightly full and Dhoni skipped forward to muscle a drive past the umpire, Dharmasena had to bail out there;
29.6;2;Watson to Rahane, 2 runs Watson bends his back, the short ball rises at Rahane's grill, he whaps it through backward square with a horizontal bat, easy two there;
29.5;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run in the channel, shuffles across and flicks the ball away behind point for a single;
29.4;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run goes fuller, off-stump line, Dhoni steps out like a guardsman on parade, dead-bats it to mid-off;
29.3;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run touch short outside off, pushed back into the covers;
29.2;1;Watson to Rahane, 1 run worked off the pads through midwicket for one;
29.1;1lb;Watson to Dhoni, 1 leg bye short and rising sharply enough to catch Dhoni off guard, hits the body and drops to the turf, they take a comfortable leg bye;
28.6;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run finishes on the same parsimonious, fourth-stump line he has bowled all night, blocked to point;
28.5;1;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 1 run drops a little short, at the body, pulled into the ground for a single to deep square;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run Hazlewood is woodpeckering away outside off, Dhoni tries to force it off the back foot, the ball rolls to cover;
28.3;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run good line on off stump, blocked back down the track;
28.2;?;Hazlewood to Dhoni, no run drags it back a touch, plays from the crease towards point;
28.1;2;Hazlewood to Dhoni, 2 runs starts on a length outside off, Dhoni attempts to helicopter it down the ground, gets a thick outside edge and it flies towards third man, lands safely again;
27.6;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run flat on the stumps, Rahane stands tall and punches to Maxwell's right, he skips after it and pounces to prevent a single;
27.5;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run angled in with the arm and worked away into a gap;
27.4;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, leans out and flicks it around the corner to fine leg;
27.3;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run comes forward and pushes through the covers;
27.2;2;Maxwell to Dhoni, 2 runs makes some room, this was flat outside off and he plays it late, wide of short third man for a couple;
27.1;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run on the stumps, tapped back to the bowler;
26.6;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run good line on off stump, played back to the bowler;
26.5;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run goes back in the crease and gets a thick outside edge wide of the sole slip;
26.4;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run on the stumps, dabs to the leg side and they pinch one more;
26.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run a chance? No, not quite... The camera reeled like a drunk on deck during a storm as Dhoni pulled a short ball, just managed to keep it down as it flew towards Warner patrolling deep square leg;
26.2;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run offers some width, Rahane opens the shoulders and slaps a length ball through the covers;
26.1;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run good line around off stump, gets forward to meet it;
25.6;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run flat on the stumps, Maxwell kicks the turf as Rahane works this back to long-on for another single;
25.5;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run tossed up a bit further, gets on the front foot, reaches to steers through the covers to the sweeper again;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run slightly short outside off, waits on it and chops through cover point;
25.3;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run full around off stump, Dhoni shuffles forward and pushes another single down the ground;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run flat, with the arm, worked wristily from middle stumps through midwicket for one;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, punched down the ground to long-on;
24.6;2;Faulkner to Rahane, 2 runs excellent running again, softly dropped this behind square and hared back for a second as deep midwicket ran around and the throw came in;
24.5;2;Faulkner to Rahane, 2 runs on the stumps, stays back and works a coup,e through midwicket;
24.4;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run tighter line and Rahane drops this down defensively on to the pitch;
24.3;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run slightly full, around off stump, reaches to drive to mid-off;
24.2;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run little bit of width, Dhoni drives airily and gets a thick inside edge behind square on the leg side;
24.1;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run good length, in the channel from over the wicket, left alone;
23.6;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run flat and on middle stumps, turned off the pads to the man at square leg;
23.5;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run pushed through outside off, steered towards the point fielder;
23.4;1;Maxwell to Dhoni, 1 run outside off, no turn, Dhoni off the mark with a push through the covers;
23.3;?;Maxwell to Dhoni, no run on the stumps, flat trajectory, dabbed back to the leg side;
23.2;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run comes forward and plays back past the bowler;
23.1;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run pushed through on off stump and played back to the bowler;
22.6;W;Faulkner to Raina, OUT dangles the bat at a short ball, nicks it through to Haddin! India are four down and swaying in the evening breeze! Some redemption for Faulkner, who hit the pitch hard with another cross-seam delivery, got bigger than Raina was expecting, wanted to run it down but just succeeded in steering to the keeper. Soft, squidgy dismissal but Faulkner doesn't care, he's cock-a-hoop;Suresh Raina c ?Haddin b Faulkner 7 (20m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
22.5;4;Faulkner to Raina, FOUR runs uh oh, Faulkner's copybook picks up another big fat blot, easy pace on a length and Raina whips it off the stumps away through midwicket;
22.4;1;Faulkner to Rahane, 1 run tighter to the stumps, waits on it and nurdles one through square leg;
22.3;?;Faulkner to Rahane, no run sliding across on a length outside off, Rahane punches into the covers off the back foot;
22.2;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run length in the channel, stays in the crease and opens the face, runs one to third man;
22.1;?;Faulkner to Raina, no run lands this on a full length outside off, mistimes drive top mid-on from Raina;
21.6;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run stays back and works another single off the pads;
21.5;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run tossed up, bounce a touch and swept in the air, lands short of fine leg;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run angled in with the arm, turned off the pads, can't get it through;
21.3;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run goes around the wicket, punched into the covers and there's a misfield, Rahane wanted a second but Raina was dawdling;
21.2;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run flat on the stumps, worked away for a single through the leg side;
21.1;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run slightly short and outside off, swipes at it and a thick edge falls short of backward point;
20.6;?;Starc to Raina, no run full and straight, Raina is equal to it once again;
20.6;1w;Starc to Raina, 1 wide fires this well down the leg side, Raina right back on his stumps - another wide;
20.6;1w;Starc to Raina, 1 wide slung down very short and called wide... Starc follows through to spit some opinions in Raina's direction. Getting a wee bit feisty out there;
20.5;?;Starc to Raina, no run full length and punched straight back tot he bowler, Starc then tries to throw down the stumps, hits Raina on the pads... Starc appeals for something, Raina thinks about a run. Nothing actually happens;
20.4;?;Starc to Raina, no run good length, veering back in at the batsman, shows it a stout defensive stroke on off;
20.3;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run angled across, not so short and steers one through the covers;
20.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run short again, rising at Rahane's face like a seagull swooping on a stray wotsit, pulls and misses, there's an appeal behind the stumps but no glove involved;
20.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run steams in and bangs out a drumbeat halfway down, Rahane rides the bounce well;
19.6;?;Maxwell to Raina, no run gives this a bit more air, tossed up outside off, Raina reaches for the drive and inside edges past his stumps;
19.5;?;Maxwell to Raina, no run goes around the wicket, pushed through and played towards mid-on, no run;
19.4;1;Maxwell to Rahane, 1 run drops short and Rahane rocks back to pull, hard and flat but straight to deep backward square;
19.3;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run quicker and flatter outside off, touch of spin, played back to the bowler from the crease;
19.2;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run angled in, works with the spin to the leg side;
19.1;?;Maxwell to Rahane, no run tossed up outside off stump, gets in line to defend;
18.6;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run tickles 150 kays, drops back and runs one more behind point;
18.5;2;Starc to Rahane, 2 runs nicely played by Rahane, touch full and he times this back past the bowler and they pick up a couple;
18.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run pushed a little wider, 147kph/91mph and stabbed towards backward point;
18.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run back of a length over the stumps, Rahane stays in the crease and defends;
18.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run good, tight line, offering nothing as Rahane gets in line once more;
18.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full and straight, Rahane covers up in defence;
17.6;W;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, OUT bowled him, Johnson strikes back! He leaps up to the skies in celebration, Australia's spearhead has taken out another key batsman, fast and furious, right through Rohit, off the inside edge and lighting up the wicket. Held cross seam, nipped back at pace and clipped the leg bail. Lights are going out for India;Rohit Sharma b Johnson 34 (83m 48b 1x4 2x6) SR: 70.83;
17.5;6;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs short ball and that's a Dorothy for Rohit! Mitch is not going to have it all his own way... Rohit puffs up his chest in response and flat-bats the ball well in front of square, long ball into the crowd;
17.4;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run short and angled towards the slips, punched off the back foot through cover, played that better, did Rahane;
17.3;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller length, pushed across, steered through the covers for one;
17.2;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run vicious bumper, Johnson is whirring in, aiming at the top of little ole Rahane's block, he flails at it, manages to stab it into the ground past the catcher for a single to get off strike;
17.1;?;Johnson to Rahane, no run shortish, doesn't get up, Rahane sits on it and blocks down on to the pitch;
16.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller now, in the channel, Rohit is hunkering down in the trenches while Hazlewood is on, defends into the covers again;
16.5;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run super ball, slightly back of a length but it spits out of the fire and clatters the handle of Rahane's bat as he fends at it in front of his face;
16.4;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run tight line around off, hops back and across, dabs short towards point;
16.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run over the top of off stump, Rahane gets forward and blocks into the covers;
16.2;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run touch shorter, outside off, stays back and guides one down to third man;
16.1;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run slightly full of a good length, gets out to meet it but can't to much beyond block towards cover;
15.6;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish, at the body, Rohit stays back and dabs it comfortably behind square for one;
15.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller length in the channel, Rohit leans out and strokes to point, who's on it in a flash;
15.4;1;Johnson to Rahane, 1 run starts with a snorting lifter, this eye-balled Rahane from close range, jerks his hands up and does well to fend it away to the leg side for a single;
15.3;W;Johnson to Kohli, OUT bouncer from Mitch, top-edged and gone - Kohli has cracked! Slow start, quick end for Virat, took on the Johnson short ball and emphatically lost. It was aimed across him, outside off, attempted to pull and sent a lusty blow straight up, Haddin had time to do a little square dance to his left, opened up the gauntlets and swallowed India's star man;Virat Kohli c ?Haddin b Johnson 1 (11m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 7.69;
15.2;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run drops short, takes the pace off as well, Rohit wheels around and bottom-edges a pull behind square;
15.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run slightly back of a length, drops into the crease and blocks;
14.6;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run chastity-belt tight from Hazlewood, ducking back on off stump, Kohli defends down the pitch - maiden of the purest variety;
14.5;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run goodish length outside off and tapped into the off side from the crease again;
14.4;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run length in the channel outside off, above 142kph and pushed defensively into the covers;
14.3;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run straighter, not full enough to get to the pitch, turns it short to the leg side;
14.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run this is an excellent display from Hazlewood, gets a bit of extra bounce this time, tempting line and Kohli fends at it, as he is wont to, misses the outside edge;
14.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run Hazlewood metronomes away on a length around off, gets across and defends from the crease;
13.6;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run slanted across the right-hander, on a length, opens the face and glides a single to third man;
13.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run pitched up, this is a slower ball, Kohli is on the front foot but mistimes a push back towards mid-off;
13.4;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run goes short again, over the stumps, hops back into position and defends;
13.3;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run fuller outside off, leans out and steers in front of point, can't get it through the infield;
13.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run slammed in short again, Kohli gets above it and steers towards point;
13.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run starts with a short ball, rising towards the rib cage, defended from the crease;
12.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run dug in outside off, climbing as the batsman ducks out the way;
12.5;W;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, OUT here comes Shikhar... and there goes Shikhar! He's absolutely skelped this but sends the ball straight into the safe, safe hands of Glenn Maxwell at deep extra cover! Hazlewood roars, clenched fist pumping, they've got their opening. Pitched up outside off, maybe slightly off the toe as Dhawan drove over the infield, only one man out there but it flew to him like a homing pigeon;Shikhar Dhawan c Maxwell b Hazlewood 45 (57m 41b 6x4 1x6) SR: 109.75;
12.4;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stays back and deflects one from outside off down to third man;
12.3;2;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs short ball, Rohit hooks off his nose, gets under it but there's enough heft to clear midwicket for a couple;
12.2;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run comes across and punched back on the on side;
12.1;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run down the leg side and there's a flick of the pad, Haddin appeals vociferously but correctly not given;
11.6;2;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 2 runs back of a length outside off, delicate late cut from Dhawan this time, gets it very fine and they're able to scuttle two as third man runs around to field;
11.5;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run touch straight and Rohit paddles one behind square;
11.4;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run dug in, doesn't get up all that high, rattled through backward square on the pull, straight to the fielder;
11.3;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run good length outside off, this time Dhawan elects to let it go;
11.2;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs another four down the ground, Dhawan is on a Faulkner hunt! Charges at the bowler and rattles a short-arm jab fine of mid-on this time;
11.2;1w;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 wide goes short, good rising delivery that cramps Dhawan as he hooks and misses... but was too leg side for Kettleborough's liking;
11.1;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs four! Driven through the line, too full from Faulkner and pinged back whence it came, bowler got a finger to it but there was no stopping the ball;
10.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length around the line of off, Rohit seems to have all the time in the world as he leans out to defend;
10.5;1lb;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye veering towards leg stump again, 147kph and thumps the padding as Dhawan attempts to flick to leg;
10.5;1w;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 wide slings this down the leg side... wide;
10.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run ripping bumper from Johnson, not all that short but it flew through at throat height outside off, Dhawan drops the bat in time;
10.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run outside the line, goes across and plays into the covers;
10.2;2;Johnson to S Dhawan, 2 runs fullish length, Dhawan moves on to off stump and clubs the ball through square;
10.1;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pitched up across the right-hander, who punches through the covers;
9.6;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run drags this wide of the stumps, comes forward and dabs the ball square, this time it's reeled in;
9.5;6;Faulkner to S Dhawan, SIX runs too straight, innocuous pace from Faulkner, picked up and deposited into the stands! Dhawan has taken a liking to Faulkner, whips this waaaaaaayyyyyy over deep midwicket;
9.4;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs fuller, becomes a half-volley to Dhawan and he punches wide of the diving mid-foff, that's going to the rope too;
9.3;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs length delivery outside off, Dhawan walks out and larrups four through the covers, confidence of the man and that whistles away;
9.2;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run advances to a length ball and plays and misses... steady;
9.1;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pitched up, Rohit shapes to smash a home run, bottom edges one through backward square leg;
9.1;1nb;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, (no ball) length around off stump, defended... but Jimmy F has overstepped;
8.6;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run goes across his stumps and blocks a length delivery;
8.5;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run pitched up and tailing in, punched back to the bowler as he comes forward;
8.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run goes back over the wicket, very full, not quite the yorker but swinging late, takes Dhawan on the pads;
8.3;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs silky from Dhawan, he's more than happy to let Johnson fire the ball across him, lovely hands as he slices the ball elegantly between two fielders, four to the deep point boundary;
8.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run hammers in and hits the middle of the pitch, Dhawan stays back and guides in front of point;
8.1;2;Johnson to S Dhawan, 2 runs Johnson is going around the wicket, Dhawan backs away and steers a length ball through the covers for a couple, nicely timed;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run tight line around the off stump, hinting at a touch of seam movement in, Rohit shows it a solid front-foot block;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run Hazlewood continues to plug away in the channel, diligent stuff, Rohit dabs it towards point;
7.4;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run length delivery outside the line of off, opens the face and runs the ball away behind point;
7.3;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run coming back in and Rohit plays with the angle to the leg side, another single;
7.2;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run dug in short and pulled away, wide of fine leg but it went quickly and they only manage a single;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run fired across the bows, played down gently;
6.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run up towards 150kph from Johnson, grooving his action, Rohit dabs to the off side - just the one scoring shot off the over but it was a goodie;
6.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball, around off stump, tries to drive on the up, bat turns in his hands and mid-off comes across to cut it off;
6.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run in the channel, shuffles across to cover the line;
6.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball around off, goes across and defends down on to the pitch;
6.2;6;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs banged in and rising at the batsman's head, Rohit meets fire with TNT and hooks Johnson for six well over fine leg! No problems with that short ball, saw it early and scooped it into the crowd;
6.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run slung down in the channel, sliding across outside off like a shark in the shallows, left alone;
5.6;2;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 2 runs pitched up a little further, Dhawan uses those dancing feet, spikes a couple more into a gap through the covers;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run length around the line of off, half forward and takes a leading edge, falls short on the off side;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run shortish, 142kph and stabbed into the off side form the crease;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run in the corridor, where Dhawan is known to go knocking on doors, swish and a miss from the moustachioed maestro;
5.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye shortish and ducking back at Sharma, hit on the padding and they hustle one, as Hazlewood tries to get to the ball in his follow through. The umpire comes in quickly to break up any potential afters;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run slightly back of a length in the channel and Dhawan stays back, runs one to third man;
4.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run short ball and left alone once again;
4.5;1lb;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye now goes for the yorker, veers in dangerously late and tonks Dhawan on the boot, Dharmasena shakes his head at the lbw appeal... and then an attempt at a run out from point gifts India an overthrow. Australia think about the review but pass;
4.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run very short and climbing high over the batsman, might have been lucky to get away with that one;
4.3;3;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs shortish and whipped away through midwicket, big roars go up around the ground as they scamper three;
4.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length outside off, no stroke;
4.1;1;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 run length delivery around off, comes forward and taps into a gap in the covers;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run tighter line and dug in short as Sharma moves across and plays no stroke;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run touch short and wide and Dhawan slashes a toe-ended cut down to point;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run edged and dropped by the diving Brad Haddin! Dhawan had skipped down the track, playing on the up and a big edge flew between keeper and slip, Haddin made the choice to fly after it, got both hands to the ball but was unable to cling on;
3.3;4;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, FOUR runs banged in short, in the arc and Dhawan dispatches it through midwicket, went off the middle like a rubber ball;
3.2;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run touch short and seaming back at Rohit, works it off his body and into the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run good length in the channel, comes forward and plays into the ground towards cover point;
2.6;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run strays on to the pads, flicked firmly but straight to Maxwell at square leg;
2.5;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run Starc is revving at 150kph, steaming in and wanging the ball down around off, blocked back to the bowler, who picks up and attempts to look menacing... But Starc is a big ole puppy dog, we all know that;
2.4;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run on a length and homing on off stump, comes forward and taps into the off side;
2.3;1;Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run lets this go early, low full toss from Starc, which Rohit slashes down to third man;
2.2;1lb;Starc to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye fired in on the stumps, quite full and tailing towards leg, Dhawan tucks it away behind square;
2.1;?;Starc to S Dhawan, no run slightly full outside off, Dhawan pushes at it from the crease, gets an inside edge on to his pads;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run too straight but Rohit misses with a flick to leg, thuds into the pads and drops down on to the pitch;
1.5;2;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs fluffs the pull but this flies beyond Haddin scampering away to his left... Got hurried by the short ball and gloved wide of the wicketkeeper, just enough on it and they pick up two;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run goodish length, angled in and blocked over the top of off stump;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run very tight to off stump but Rohit is confident he knows his geometry and leaves again;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball in the channel, 140kph and holding its line just a tad, Rohit shoulders arms;
1.1;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run slightly short, not quite the width Dhawan wanted but he still gets a firm cut away, well fielded at backward point, taking the pace off it and they amble one;
0.6;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run length and sliding across, squares the batsman up and takes the edge again, bounces short of Clarke at second slip this time;
0.5;4;Starc to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs pitched up again, in the slot and this time Rohit spears it through point, in the air for a moment but beat the fielder;
0.4;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run full now, driven without foot movement - and taken. Or is it? There's a question of whether this carried, Watson did not seem all that sure at slip. Big edge from Sharma, only just after the ball had pitched, which confused things a touch... Erasmus is checking various replays, looks like there's some grass involved. Foreshortening, yadda, yadda... The replay from behind certainly introduced some doubt, so it goes back to the on-field umpires: not out;
0.3;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run probing away around off stump, fast and bouncy from Starc, defended sharply off the back foot;
0.2;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run good carry for Mitch 2.0, climbing off a length in the channel, Rohit draws his bat inside the line;
0.1;?;Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run super start from Starc, not full enough to drive and nibbling back from outside off stump, beats an expansive drive from Rohit;

Rohit Sharma is marking his guard, Mitchell Starc is at the top of his mark... Let's play white-ball cricket!
G'day, folks. Looks like Australia have done what they do. Are we going to need a collective ECG at the SCG? Do India have a Grant Elliott? Can Mitchell Starc make these questions academic inside the Powerplay? We'll find out shortly. For India fans, here's a flashback to 2012 and the scintillating, successful chase against Sri Lanka in Hobart - only 321 but it came off 36.4 overs. Mind you, it wasn't a World Cup semi-final, as much as we all love a CB Series. Australian fans in need of comfort will be pleased to hear India have never knocked off more than 270 against them at home... Although when have you ever met an Australia fan who needed comforting? Maybe come the end of the night.
Here's Rohan Verma: "All of Dhoni's talk about breaking the target into small parts would need to come into play now ... Kohli has to score big with rest of the players rallying around him. Rooting for India to pul off the chase and create history."
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd Semi-Final (D/N), Sydney, Mar 26 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
328/7
233
Player of the match is Steven Smith, AUS
Australia won by 95 runs
