Data
11.40am Lyon fittingly leads Australia off the field. His 7 for 94 - his joint-second best figures in Test cricket - has given the tourists a chance. We will be back soon for Australia's reply.
Chris: "Anyone who thinks Cartright is an allrounder really needs to look at his first class record. the boy is a batter, who bowls part time. Time to stand up and put some first innings runs on the board Australia. Game on."
Another_PK: "Interesting to see how the Australians go. Arguably only four specialist bats, but they bat really deep. Trading Hazelwood for SOK may prove to be a win with the bat."
Craig: "After starting with four LBWs, Lyon ends up with all four common modes of dismissal (plus a run out while he was bowling)"
113.2;W;Lyon to Taijul, OUT Niiiiiice Gary! Lyon's seven-wicket haul wraps up Bangladesh for 305. This was the tossed-up offbreak outside off, Taijul swishes at it and sends an outside edge to the right of Smith at first slip;Taijul Islam c Smith b Lyon 9 (16m 12b 0x4 1x6) SR: 75;
113.1;2;Lyon to Taijul, 2 runs floated on off, grips, and turns, grazes the outside edge and rolls down to third man;
112.6;?;Maxwell to Mustafizur, no run flatter and faster outside off, dead-batted;
112.5;1;Maxwell to Taijul, 1 run slides in on leg stump, glanced behind square;
112.4;6;Maxwell to Taijul, SIX runs where did this come from? Taijul forays down the track, sees the flight, and thumps it from off over wide long-on. Clears the boundary;
112.3;?;Maxwell to Taijul, no run tossed on middle, prodded to short leg;
112.2;?;Maxwell to Taijul, no run tossed on off from around the wicket, defended;
112.1;?;Maxwell to Taijul, no run worked wide of short leg;
111.6;?;Lyon to Mustafizur, no run pushed through on off, defended;
111.5;W;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run, OUT Warner splatters the stumps at the keeper's end. Mehidy is caught short by a metre or two. Tossed up, on a length, drifts away and bounces outside off, takes the outside edge as Mehidy plays for turn. Mehidy hesitates on the second, even looks back at his partner, and plays the price. Warner hunts the ball down from backward point, picks up the ball swiftly, and nails the stumps. Great effort;Mehidy Hasan Miraz run out (Warner) 11 (58m 45b 0x4 0x6) SR: 24.44;
111.4;2;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 2 runs offbreak just outside off, swept uncertainly to fine leg;
111.3;?;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run skids in on off, defended back;
111.2;?;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run slid through just outside off, watchfully defended from the crease;
111.1;?;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run Mehidy gets right behind this length-ball offbreak on off;
110.6;?;Agar to Taijul, no run on a length and outside off, forward-defensive to round out a wicket maiden;
110.5;?;Agar to Taijul, no run length ball, turns in on off, blocked;
110.4;?;Agar to Taijul, no run darted shorter and outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
110.3;?;Agar to Taijul, no run flighted liberally on off, forward and played back to the bowler;
110.2;?;Agar to Taijul, no run full and spins in on off, defended;
110.1;W;Agar to Nasir, OUT Agar draws a thick edge, Wade completes another fine catch. Umpire Gould raises his finger. This was flatter and speared outside off. The length is short enough for a cut but it's a bit too close for the shot. Nasir can only nick it behind. Wade shows off his sharp reflexes;Nasir Hossain c ?Wade b Agar 45 (115m 97b 5x4 0x6) SR: 46.39;
109.6;?;Lyon to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run delightful dip for Lyon but Mehidy gets behind the line in defence;
109.5;1;Lyon to Nasir, 1 run clipped away with the break through square leg;
109.4;?;Lyon to Nasir, no run quicker and turns in on off, defended back;
109.3;?;Lyon to Nasir, no run Lyon belts out a biiiiig appeal for lbw, not given by umpire Llong. Lyon slows it up wide outside off, this breaks in to catch the front pad. The impact may have been outside off. Yes, indeed. Australia rightly decided against a review;
109.2;?;Lyon to Nasir, no run keeps it short on off, camps back and punches it away to the left of short midwicket;
109.1;?;Lyon to Nasir, no run shorter offbreak, starts outside off, finishes on off, allows Nasir to defend off the back foot;
108.6;?;Agar to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run pushed through on middle, Mehidy covers up in defence;
108.5;?;Agar to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run arrowed through on off, punchily played back to Agar. This was fired at 100ks;
108.4;?;Agar to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run on a length on leg stump, blocked to short leg;
108.3;?;Agar to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run darted flat on middle, Mehidy slog-sweeps hard, loses his shape, ends up dragging the ball to midwicket;
108.2;?;Agar to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run drifts in on middle, full, defended to short leg with soft hands;
108.1;1;Agar to Nasir, 1 run skids into the pad, worked wide of short leg;
11.6;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run slices a good length ball to point;
11.5;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run keeps out a quicker, fuller delivery, with the inside edge;
11.4;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run presses forward to a flighted delivery on off stump and defends;
11.3;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run stays back to a fuller ball on off stump but on a slow pitch he is still able to pull the sting off the ball;
11.2;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run good length ball, skidding on with the arm, Sarkar is back and across with a block;
11.1;?;Lyon to Soumya, no run good length on middle, Sarkar turns it fine of short leg;
10.6;1;O'Keefe to Soumya, 1 run careful to keep the ball down, and nudge it past short leg's left;
10.5;?;O'Keefe to Soumya, no run brings himself forward to meet the tossed up ball on middle;
10.4;?;O'Keefe to Soumya, no run lunges forward to the pitch of the ball and keeps it out;
10.3;?;O'Keefe to Soumya, no run comes forward to block a flighted delivery on middle;
10.2;1;O'Keefe to Imrul, 1 run half a chance for short leg but the hard-handed block, with the bat way in front of the body, ensures the ball zips past Handscomb;
10.1;1;O'Keefe to Soumya, 1 run good length ball, from around the wicket, on middle and leg, Sarkar tucks it past short leg's left;
9.6;?;Lyon to Imrul, no run pushes it through on off stump, Kayes goes back and blocks with a straight bat. Probing over, successful over. Australia can return to concentrating on their plans without thinking about that Tamim drop.;
9.5;?;Lyon to Imrul, no run goes back and blocks a good length ball that bounces appreciably. Well controlled, with soft hands from Kayes;
9.4;2;Lyon to Imrul, 2 runs goes for the quicker ball, hoping that the batsman will be pushing across on that front foot again, but he drops it way short. Kayes heaves it over midwicket;
9.3;?;Lyon to Imrul, no run loops it up, gets it to dip just outside off and has Kayes reaching away from his body to block;
9.2;?;Lyon to Imrul, no run gets it to straighten on off stump by bowling slower, tossing the ball up. Kayes defends;
9.1;W;Lyon to Tamim, OUT pins him lbw. Lovely change of pace from Lyon! This is quicker, having spent much of the morning tossing the ball up. Tamim is too late in bringing his bat down. Worse, his front pad is right in front of middle and off, and that means he has to bring it across to have any hope of meeting the ball. Can't do so. And the ball has a free path to skid on and strike low on the front pad.;Tamim Iqbal lbw b Lyon 9 (39m 34b 0x4 0x6) SR: 26.47;
8.6;?;Cummins to Soumya, no run ripper, as he pins Sarkar to his crease, then squares him up and finally beats the outside edge with a 141 kph away seamer.;
8.5;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run too straight and Tamim flicks him to long leg;
8.4;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run 141kph, leaves the good length ball snaking across him;
8.3;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run has a flash at a short and wide delivery - went after it whole-heartedly - and is beaten. In any case, the outside edge would have flown over the slips at Cummins' pace and with Tamim's hard hands;
8.2;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run brings him forward now with a 143 kph good length ball on off stump. Stoic defence from Tamim;
8.1;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run pushes him back with a short ball at 138 kph, Tamim defends on middle;

"Think such drops are worse than not creating that wicket taking chance. Cummins was bowling beautifully but now he would be frustrated. Had the edge not reached the slips, he would have tried harder for the next couple of overs. Now, am afraid he has lost all that he built up!" Let's see, Ruful.
 Innings Start
Ahmed: "If catches were held, Fizz would've had his 1st Test 5-for! " Liam: "@Dean. Cartwright was second on the run scoring charts in the Sheffield Shield last summer. He is barely an all-rounder at all, let alone a bowling all-rounder." Brad: "Forget using an allrounder at 6, they still don't have a proven bat at 5!! Think Travis Head may be almost test ready." Mark: "@Browly - Neville is clearly the better keeper, and has a better temperament for test batting. He's a quite capable batsman and deserves a longer run. Just look at Haddin, when he first came in he was one of the best batsmen in shield cricket for a few years running. I vaguely recall him playing a few games as a specialist batsman, possibly ODI's? Took him quite a while to settle in with the pressure of following Gilly. Wade is better suited to the short formats. Plain and simple."
9:37 am About seven minutes of batting, then. Four wickets for Mustafizur. No runs added, which means Bangladesh trail by 72 runs as they set up for their second innings. Lyon has raced off the field. No secrets there, I suppose. He will take the new ball.
119.5;W;Mustafizur to Lyon, OUT that's the innings! You could see this coming. Sticks to his slant across the right hander, gets that slight movement away from a length. Lyon chases to drive on the up, gets a nice healthy edge that sails straight into fly slip's hands;Nathan Lyon c Imrul Kayes b Mustafizur Rahman 0 (13m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
119.4;?;Mustafizur to Lyon, no run back of a length, slight tail away from off stump. Squares him up as he defends off the outside half;
119.3;?;Mustafizur to Lyon, no run nicely played. Half a stride to punch this length ball into the covers;
119.2;?;Mustafizur to Lyon, no run zips through the corridor from back of a length, Lyon nowhere close with the back foot defence;
119.1;?;Mustafizur to Lyon, no run some movement first up. Nips away from middle stump and beats the outside edge as he pokes outside off;
118.6;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run good length, off stump, poked into the off side with the turn;
118.5;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run this one turns away from the rough. But it's too short and too wide. Left alone;
118.4;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run length outside off, no turn, left alone;
118.3;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run back of a length outside off, a feeble cut to point;
118.2;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run good length, skidding in towards leg stump. Comfortably defended int the leg side;
118.1;?;Shakib to O'Keefe, no run tossed up nice and full at off stump, tapped down the pitch with a full face;

John Lynch: "@Browly. Agree. Surely you pick the best keeper. If you have two good keepers, you pick the better batsman of the two. But you DON'T start pickling the keeper on the basis of his batting average, or the size of his mouth ... or at least you shouldn't"
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
2nd Test, Chattogram, Sep 4 - 7 2017, Australia tour of Bangladesh
305 &
377 &
Player of the match is Nathan Lyon, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets
