Data
So, Pakistan reach 162 courtesy of some late biffing from Mohammad Aamer. They got 167 yesterday and Australia struggled, so this should be another tightly contested run-chase. It's all been a bit manic, really and we're all quite breathless with excitement here at Cricinfo Towers. While I dash off for a calming cuppa, have a look at Brydon's bulletin. It's almost as good as being at the game itself!
These two sides, of course, played an epic semi final in the World Twenty20. As far as cricket's shortest format goes, few things will top that game. Speaking of semi finals, there is another World Cup game happening today - Uruguay are playing Holland - I'm told it will be a cracker, so if you are that way inclined check out our sister site ESPN Soccernet.
19.6;1;Tait to Ajmal, 1 run Tait fires down a pinpoint yorker to finish as Ajmal backs to leg, but the batsman manages to jam down on it and they run a manic single.;
19.5;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run slower ball, on a length. Aamer heaves, but the ball hits the bat near the splice and is chipped to long-on;
19.4;1;Tait to Ajmal, 1 run ah, there's the Ajmal we know, backing away to leg and toe-ending a swipe to long-on;
19.3;4;Tait to Ajmal, FOUR runs Saeed Ajmal, where have you been hiding? Tait fires one full outside off and Ajmal slashes him away powerfully between cover and point, all along the ground for four!;
19.2;1;Tait to Amir, 1 run he gets bat on this one, dropping the ball to cover to pick up a quick single. Sensible really, better than just swinging and missing at everything;
19.1;?;Tait to Amir, no run or does he? Tait comes over the wicket and sends down a short-ish delivery on middle and off, angling across the left-hander. Aamer can't lay bat on ball though;
18.6;?;O'Keefe to Ajmal, no run good finish, tossing it up on off stump and it's tapped back to the bowler;
18.5;W;O'Keefe to Shoaib Akhtar, OUT third wicket for O'Keefe! Well, Aamer was nailing them and Shoaib wanted to join in, charging down the track and swinging massively to leg ... except he misses the ball completely and it clatters into the leg stump. Well-bowled by O'Keefe, he has turned the ball an inch today but has been nice and accurate;Shoaib Akhtar b O'Keefe 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.4;1;O'Keefe to Amir, 1 run very full this time, jammed out wide of midwicket for a single;
18.3;6;O'Keefe to Amir, SIX runs Aamer is giving his team a great chance here! Another huge six nailed over long-on, wonderful clean strike;
18.2;1b;O'Keefe to Shoaib Akhtar, 1 bye more drama! Well, Shoaib could've been out twice here! First he missed the ball completely as O'Keefe speared one in at leg stump, but it slips down the leg side. Shoaib is called through for a cheeky single but is slow to set off, and is almost run out at the other end!;
18.1;W;O'Keefe to Umar Gul, OUT But that will! Well, it's just a replay of the last ball, except this time Gul swung across the line of a legitimate delivery and is bowled! A second wicket for O'Keefe on debut;Umar Gul b O'Keefe 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.6;6;Hussey to Amir, SIX runs too short, Aamer hangs back and swipes the ball miles over wide long-on! Huge six, and valuable runs for Pakistan;
17.6;1nb;Hussey to Amir, (no ball) OUT drama! What's happened here? Hussey comes round the wicket and bowls one full on off stump. Aamer cracks the ball back to him, and the umpire calls no-ball as he's over-stepped ... but Hussey collects the ball in his follow-through and breaks the stumps at the non-strikers end, where Razzaq had backed up too far! So, it'll be a Free hit, but Australia have a very important wicket!;Abdul Razzaq run out (Hussey) 3 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
17.5;1;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run bouncer from Hussey! That was really short, and Razzaq had ample time to rock back and thump a pull out to deep midwicket;
17.4;1;Hussey to Amir, 1 run slashed off the outer half of the bat to short third man, they scamper a quick single;
17.3;1;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run drilled very hard indeed down to long-off, all along the ground;
17.2;1;Hussey to Amir, 1 run tucked behind square on the off side, just the single;
17.1;1;Hussey to Abdul Razzaq, 1 run too short to start, and carved away to deep cover;
16.6;?;Nannes to Amir, no run short again outside off, Aamer tries to cut but is beaten;
16.5;4;Nannes to Amir, FOUR runs edged! That would've landed in third slip's lap! But instead it's gone down to third man for four. Nannes manages a wry smile - he always seems to play the game in the right spirit;
16.4;W;Nannes to Afridi, OUT two in two! Nannes on a hat-trick! Afridi looks to run the ball down to third man but it just bounced a little more than he expected, running off the face/top-edge and through to Paine. Big, big wicket and Australia are right back in this.;Shahid Afridi c ?Paine b Nannes 18 (18m 13b 2x4 1x6) SR: 138.46;
16.3;W;Nannes to Umar Akmal, OUT Umar falls! He hadn't been quite so fluent today, gone for 25 from 21. He had 50 by the time he had faced 21 balls yesterday! Nannes flings one down short and from a wide angle, Umar goes to pull but top-edges straight up in the air. The fielders converge but Nannes calls for it and takes it. The scorecard will read caught-and-bowled but it was quite a catch, went miles in the air.;Umar Akmal c & b Nannes 25 (28m 21b 4x4 0x6) SR: 119.04;
16.2;1lb;Nannes to Afridi, 1 leg bye Nannes goes full this time, and they pick up one as the ball squirts off the boot/pad to square leg;
16.1;4;Nannes to Afridi, FOUR runs everything going Afridi's way now. Nannes slips in a short one, Afridi was on the front foot but aimed to pull over midwicket, top-edging up and over Tim Paine to pick up four!;
15.6;1;Tait to Afridi, 1 run slower ball to finish, very full and on leg stump. Tapped down to long-on;
15.5;?;Tait to Afridi, no run Tait responds with a bouncer as Afridi charges down the track again. He was expecting the yorker again and couldn't lay bat on ball as the ball reared up at him;
15.4;6;Tait to Afridi, SIX runs dismissive and imperious! Shaun Tait steams in and hurls one down full at close to 90mph and Afridi just stands there and slams the ball straight back where it came from! Stunning six, very powerfully hit and clunking into the sightscreen. They may need a new ball here...;
15.3;1;Tait to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower ball on a length outside off, Umar didn't quite pick it but re-adjusted to push the ball to long-off;
15.2;1;Tait to Afridi, 1 run more swing from Tait, this time a yorker on the off stump and Afridi jams it out to point;
15.1;?;Tait to Afridi, no run aggression from Afridi straight away! But Tait is equal to it, and Boom Boom is saved by some movement in through the air as he backs to leg and misses a heave over mid-off. The ball would've clattered into leg stump if it hadn't swung in!;
14.6;1;Johnson to Afridi, 1 run Afridi wanders to leg and Johnson follows him, just a single the result as the ball is tapped down to third man;
14.5;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run yorker on off stump, Umar backs to leg and digs it out, angling the bat as he does so to send the ball out to cover point;
14.4;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs over mid-off this time! Sheer confidence from Umar, that was very full from Johnson on the off stump but he somehow managed to get underneath it to lift it over the infield. Not sliced like the last one, and went much straighter;
14.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run Umar stands at the crease this time, cracking another full toss straight to mid-off;
14.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run Umar comes down the track and backs way over to leg. Johnson spots him coming and out-smarts him by sending down a full toss wide of off stump, which Umar can't reach;
14.1;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs sliced inside-out over cover, he didn't get all of that but it had the beating of the fielder out there! Umar looked just like his brother playing that shot, the wristy sliced lofted drive over cover. Nailed it.;
13.6;1;Nannes to Umar Akmal, 1 run cracked straight at mid-off, but they set off straight away for a single. The fielder fires in a shy, but it's wide of the stumps. Umar was struggling there, would've been out by a yard;
13.5;1;Nannes to Afridi, 1 run on the hips, pulled out to deep square-leg;
13.4;?;Nannes to Afridi, no run good response from Nannes, who sends down a pacy and well-directed bouncer. Afridi sways out of the way in a hurry;
13.3;4;Nannes to Afridi, FOUR runs off the mark with a boundary! More back-of-a-length stuff from Nannes, and Afridi just flat-bats it straight back down the track, perfectly bisecting long-off and long-on to pick up four;
13.2;?;Nannes to Afridi, no run very full, tapped to mid-on;
13.1;W;Nannes to Malik, OUT he gets a wicket straight away! Nannes sent one down just short of a length at decent pace, Malik hops back to pull but the ball just rushes on to him and he ends up lapping it ever so tamely to mid-on. Really soft dismissal there, he won't be pleased... but the crowd are, because it brings Boom Boom to the crease!;Shoaib Malik c O'Keefe b Nannes 12 (22m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
12.6;2;Hopes to Umar Akmal, 2 runs drilled to wide long-on, and the fielder was right on the fence so they rush back for a second;
12.5;4;Hopes to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs neat little shot! It was Umar this time, and instead of trying to bludgeon with his head in the air he kept his eye on the ball and played a little paddle-sweep to dab the ball down and past the short fine leg fielder;
12.4;1;Hopes to Malik, 1 run swivel-pulled out to long leg;
12.3;1b;Hopes to Umar Akmal, 1 bye another huge swipe to leg, this time he misses completely but a fumble behind the stumps allows a bye;
12.2;?;Hopes to Umar Akmal, no run Umar has almost swung himself off his feet now! Hopes sent one down full and wide and Umar aimed a massive hoick to leg, really throwing everything at the ball, but he toe-ends and loses balance;
12.1;1;Hopes to Malik, 1 run cutter, but well wide of off. Well played by Malik, playing a delicate late cut but the ball goes straight to the man at short third man;
11.6;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs hooked down to fine leg! Umar swings the ball off his nose and down to fine leg as Johnson sends down another bouncer;
11.5;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run Johnson's doing really well here, nice lines and good changes of pace. This was back-of-a-length, angling across him and Johnson finds some lift to beat the edge of an attempted cut again;
11.4;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs he lays bat on this one, chopping it down to third man, just wide of the fielder and they scamper back for the second;
11.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run another airy swish outside off, another play-and-miss;
11.2;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run and he follows that up with a stinging bouncer that whizzes past the helmet as Umar tries to hook. Huge appeal from Paine, who appeared to think it brushed the glove, but he isn't joined by Johnson;
11.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run slower one, angling across Umar. He just seemed to roll the fingers over that one, and it gripped on the turf to beat the edge of the bat as Umar looked to guide to third man;
10.6;1;O'Keefe to Umar Akmal, 1 run too straight, slipping down towards leg stump and nudged to long leg;
10.5;1;O'Keefe to Malik, 1 run Malik steps back and across and hacks across the line to send the ball down to long-on;
10.4;1;O'Keefe to Umar Akmal, 1 run a touch short, and worked off the legs to midwicket;
10.3;1;O'Keefe to Malik, 1 run darts one in at the pads as the batsman dances down the track, dropped close in and a quick single;
10.2;2;O'Keefe to Malik, 2 runs flicked across the line to wide long-on, huge gaps on the leg side with fielders back;
10.1;?;O'Keefe to Malik, no run driven to mid-off;
9.6;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run good line and good length, Umar blocks his first ball back to the bowler;
9.5;1;Johnson to Malik, 1 run very calmly done by Malik, dropped into the leg side for a single;
9.4;W;Johnson to Kamran, OUT gone this time! Banged in short, Akmal tried to wheel an enormous pull shot away but got it very high on the bat, and it looped over midwicket where Clarke ran back to pull off an excellent catch;Kamran Akmal c Clarke b Johnson 33 (37m 25b 4x4 1x6) SR: 132;
9.3;6;Johnson to Kamran, SIX runs attempted slower ball, Kamran read it and murdered it down the ground where Hussey, leapt, took the ball and tried to parry it back in play before he landed outside the rope, almost pulled it off, but his foot was just in contact with the ground while he tried to parry it away - shades of his IPL catch there;
9.2;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run good stuff from Johnson, slower ball, Kamran looking for something expansive but nothing on offer;
9.1;1;Johnson to Malik, 1 run much better this time, on a good length and line, clipped towards square leg;
9.1;1w;Johnson to Malik, 1 wide poor start, really slung in with a low arm, dragged down short and wide of leg;
8.6;?;O'Keefe to Kamran, no run short and darted in, attempted cut is not timed and finds point;
8.5;1;O'Keefe to Malik, 1 run touch shorter, Malik finds just a single;
8.4;1;O'Keefe to Kamran, 1 run just a single again, worked into the leg side;
8.3;2;O'Keefe to Kamran, 2 runs Kamran trying to get after the new man, skips down the wicket and launches a big drive, that is not timed and finds long on for a couple;
8.2;1;O'Keefe to Malik, 1 run just a single here, the bowler doing a good job, clipped to midwicket;
8.1;?;O'Keefe to Malik, no run good stuff from O'Keefe, spearing in a yorker that Malik digs out;
7.6;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run just a single here, worked towards long on;
7.5;?;Hussey to Malik, no run good stuff again from Hussey, what a bonus he's been for Australia, pushed back to the bowler;
7.4;?;Hussey to Malik, no run dot ball, worked straight to the third man fielder;
7.3;1;Hussey to Kamran, 1 run Kamran this time plays a comfortable drive, finding deep cover;
7.2;1;Hussey to Malik, 1 run Malik off the mark straight way, milking merrily down the ground for a single;
7.1;1;Hussey to Kamran, 1 run good start from Hussey again, straight and on a good length, pushed to mid on;
6.6;W;O'Keefe to Salman Butt, OUT gone this time! Silence in Birmingham! Butt tried to sweep firmly, but it got a top edge and looped towards White at short fine leg, who slid forward and held a good catch;Salman Butt c White b O'Keefe 31 (29m 21b 6x4 0x6) SR: 147.61;
6.5;4;O'Keefe to Salman Butt, FOUR runs invention from Butt, reverse-paddle, and he played it well, getting four to third man;
6.4;1;O'Keefe to Kamran, 1 run this time Kamran does get a good connection, bunting it down the ground for a single;
6.3;?;O'Keefe to Kamran, no run good ball, shorter and quicker, rushed on to Kamran as he tried to pull, couldn't time it at all;
6.2;?;O'Keefe to Kamran, no run much better now, on a length and line and pushed to cover;
6.2;5w;O'Keefe to Kamran, 5 wide this won't please the debutant, sliding it down the leg side, Paine misses and it runs away for five wides;
6.1;1;O'Keefe to Salman Butt, 1 run starts well enough, flighted up and around off stump, driven down the ground for one;
5.6;2;Tait to Kamran, 2 runs fuller from Tait and Kamran looks for an extra-cover heave, ends up edging it safely over the infield for a couple;
5.5;4;Tait to Kamran, FOUR runs this won't improve Tait's mood, with no fine leg in place, Tait shoves in a short ball, Kamran happily swishes at it, getting a top-edge into the vacant fine-leg area and it bobbles over the rope for another four;
5.4;1;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 run after all that it's a slower ball, which is pretty smart from Tait, blocked into the covers for a quick single;
5.4;1w;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 wide oh no, Tait is misfiring a touch here. Slung in short and wide down the leg side again;
5.4;1w;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 wide full from Tait this time, but it's too far down the leg side;
5.3;4;Tait to Salman Butt, FOUR runs that is no place to be bowling with fine leg up in the circle, short and down the leg side, Butt helped it on its way for a boundary;
5.2;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run this time it's an old fashioned passage of play, on off stump on a good length, firmly blocked to mid off;
5.1;?;Tait to Salman Butt, no run Butt was looking to give himself room again, but it was a touch too quick for Butt and he missed the attempted flay;
4.6;4;Nannes to Kamran, FOUR runs good finish and Pakistan are rolling! Short from Nannes, Akmal picked a gap behind square on the leg side and wheeled a pull shot away;
4.5;?;Nannes to Kamran, no run nothing on offer here for Akmal just blocked carefully;
4.4;1;Nannes to Salman Butt, 1 run good bowling from Nannes, banged in much shorter and following Butt as he disappeared outside leg, the batsman could only bang it without timing to mid off for a single;
4.3;4;Nannes to Salman Butt, FOUR runs that'll do! You wouldn't say it was perfect timing but it's a safe shot, edging outside leg stump and slicing it miles over point for another boundary;
4.2;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run this time Butt played from the crease, and actually timed it a lot better, but picked out the cover fielder;
4.1;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run again Butt skips down the track and outside leg, can't quite time the 'drive' this time;
3.6;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run single to finish the over, Butt just turning his wrists over the ball to clip it to midwicket for one;
3.5;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs bang! Lovely shot again from Butt, through his favourite extra-cover area, giving himself a touch of room and scything it through the off side;
3.4;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run lucky to get away with this Johnson, Butt creamed it through the covers but some swift diving fielding from O'Keefe at cover prevented runs;
3.3;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs this is turning into a good over for Pakistan, Johnson looking to cramp Butt, yet it's too close to leg stump and the batsman whips it through midwicket for four;
3.2;1;Johnson to Kamran, 1 run Johnson goes full this time, slanting it across Kamran who slugs hard at it, gets a thick outside edge the sails one bounce to third man;
3.1;4;Johnson to Kamran, FOUR runs oops, real horrid loosener from Johnson, very shot and slow, sat up at Kamran who helped a pull shot all the way for six, good timing;
2.6;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run again Butt advanced down the track and outside leg, Nannes saw him coming and shoved it in slower and shorter, enough to prevent Butt from timing him off-side swipe;
2.5;2;Nannes to Salman Butt, 2 runs nicely done, follows up the boundary with a couple of pure delicacy, dinking a guide down to fine third man;
2.4;4;Nannes to Salman Butt, FOUR runs good batting this, Butt's favourite boundary shot in this format, skipping leg side of the ball and banging it through cover for four;
2.3;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run bouncer this time, it was angling down the leg side as well, Butt ducked underneath it, and would probably have hoped for a wide;
2.2;?;Nannes to Salman Butt, no run lovely bowling from Nannes, no fuss, just full and straight and Butt digs it out to midwicket;
2.1;1;Nannes to Kamran, 1 run starts tidily, on a length outside off, Kamran drives but some swift sliding fielding at point keeps it to one;
1.6;1;Tait to Kamran, 1 run has a leg-side fiddle for a couple ever been so loudly cheered? Brilliant noise out there;
1.5;?;Tait to Kamran, no run tighter line this time and though Kamran swings a booming drive away, he finds the cover fielder;
1.4;4;Tait to Kamran, FOUR runs width is a real no no in this form of the game, Tait gave Kamran space to free his arms and he threw absolutely everything at it, nailing it one-bounce to the point boundary;
1.3;?;Tait to Kamran, no run good stuff again from Tait, good length, tight line, Kamran gives himself a touch of room but defends;
1.2;?;Tait to Kamran, no run first time he's gone for his usual full length, and it's blocked out firmly to mid on;
1.1;1;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 run this is better, swift and on a good line, Butt works it to third man for a single;
1.1;1w;Tait to Salman Butt, 1 wide starts by bolting down a wide outside off stump, Butt plays but can't reach it;
0.6;?;Hussey to Kamran, no run wicket maiden to gets things off. Well done David Hussey. Kamran plays and misses outside off to Hussey, the first time Australia have ever opened with a spinner in T20 cricket. Is Hussey even a spinner?;
0.5;?;Hussey to Kamran, no run still nothing off Hussey, Akmal prods it back to the bowler;
0.4;W;Hussey to Shahzaib, OUT done it! David Hussey strikes! Not the most memorable shot you'll ever see, a massive heave-ho across the line and it crashes into the pads bang in front;Shahzaib Hasan lbw b Hussey 0 (1m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;?;Hussey to Shahzaib, no run good move already by Clarke it seems, defended back to the bowler;
0.2;?;Hussey to Shahzaib, no run driven firmly this time, but Hasan picked out cover;
0.1;?;Hussey to Shahzaib, no run few things could be more gentle than this off spin, but starts well enough, outside off and defended;

5.00pm Ready to go here, Shahzaib Hasan will take strike to er... David Hussey. Fancy that! Deep midwicket and deep long on in place....
4.50pm Australia have a new partnership at the top of the order with Watson missing. Captain Michael Clarke, who's been in pretty hideous Twenty20 form recently, will open alongside David Warner.
4.45pm Jenry is already impressed with what he's seen: "Great move by the Aussies, the two spin options in the last game and the one in St. Lucia allowed Pakistan to really get away, spinners are ineffective against them in this format it seems." Isn't O'Keefe a spinner?
Meanwhile Faddi is an Afridi fan. "Consistency is what we need from Pakistan.I believe with Afridi as Captain they are heading towards the right direction. I just hope they can prove that thought correct with another good victory here."
4.35pm Hello and welcome Cricinfo's coverage of the 2nd T20 International between Pakistan and Australia at Edgbaston. I'm Sahil Dutta and together with Liam Brickhill, we shall be bringing all you all the action today.
Pakistan brilliantly won the first game in front of a raucous Birmingham crowd and the atmosphere today is already electric again. Really feels like a proper home game for Pakistan.
Toss news: Pakistan have won the toss and will bat first. Massive cheer at the news of a winning toss!
Pakistan are unchanged but for Australia Shane Watson and Steven Smith have been rested with James Hopes and Steve O'Keefe coming into the side. He's only ever played three domestic T20s in his entire career.
The crowd seem utterly unreserved in voicing their opinions and you too can have a rant - on our Facebook page - though I desperately beg all of you to play nice.
 Innings Start
So, Pakistan restrict Australia to 151 to take the Twenty20 series 2-0. Their batting was a little more patchy today, but a team effort took them to 162. The bowlers looked like a good unit, though, and Shoaib looked much more fluent today. Mohammad Aamer bowled with pace and intelligence to finish with 3 for 27, and there was no weak link in the attack. For Australia, Steve O'Keefe bowled very well to pick up three wickets on debut, but the batsmen, Hopes and David Hussey aside, couldn't put together any partnerships. Pakistan were the better team today, and their win is well-deserved. Read all about it in Brydon Coverdale's match bulletin
19.4;W;Umar Gul to Nannes, OUT it's all over! Nannes jams out another yorker, confusion in the running as both he and Tait are unsure whether to try and steal a single. Gul charges through after his follow-through, picks up the ball and whips the bail off to end the game.The Pakistan team converge, all smiles and the partisan crowd cheer their victory;Shaun Tait run out (Umar Gul) 2 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
19.3;6;Umar Gul to Nannes, SIX runs six! Gul misses his mark with the yorker, turning it into a half-volley. Nannes closed his eyes and swung, connecting well to send the ball sailing over long-off!;
19.2;?;Umar Gul to Nannes, no run yorker again from Gul, wide of off and it shoots underneath Nannes' bat as he tries to swish through the off side;
19.1;1;Umar Gul to Tait, 1 run Tait backs away to leg as Gul fires in an inswinging yorker, slapping the ball to extra cover. Just a single though;
18.6;?;Amir to Nannes, no run Nannes heaves mightily to leg now, but connects only with fresh air as the ball shoots over the top of leg stump;
18.5;4;Amir to Nannes, FOUR runs what a shot from Nannes! Full on the off stump and Nannes cracks it very hard in the air, and straight! Long-off charges round but can't cut it off. Nannes still believes...;
18.4;1;Amir to Tait, 1 run Tait backs way to leg this time and lifts the ball to long-on. Flat-batted it, but didn't time it at all;
18.3;?;Amir to Tait, no run full and fast again, Tait just pushes it back to the bowler;
18.2;?;Amir to Tait, no run how has that missed? Tait is beaten for pace by a full ball that shaves past the outside edge of the bat and the off stump;
18.1;W;Amir to Johnson, OUT pinpoint yorker from Aamer, strikes Johnson on the back foot! Huge appeal, Asad Rauf thinks about it for a long time and eventually raises the finger! Brave decision, that looked to be sliding very leg-stumpy;Mitchell Johnson lbw b Mohammad Amir 0 (7m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.6;?;Umar Gul to Nannes, no run driven down to long-off, they decide against the single though to keep Johnson on strike;
17.6;1w;Umar Gul to Nannes, 1 wide bouncer! Nannes ducks underneath it, but he didn't even have to, that ballooned over him and is rightfully called wide;
17.5;2;Umar Gul to Nannes, 2 runs great fielding from Saeed Ajmal! Nannes inside edges to fine leg, that looked like four all the way but Ajmal charged round and threw his body down to stop it, keeping the ball inside the rope;
17.4;W;Umar Gul to Hussey, OUT Hussey goes! Gul strikes! Edgbaston erupts! Hussey gets low down and attempts the reverse-sweep, but is struck on the front pad on the line of off stump. Gul has rent the skies of Birmingham with the appeal, and the umpire agrees. Good decision, that would've taken out middle and leg;Michael Hussey lbw b Umar Gul 25 (21m 14b 4x4 0x6) SR: 178.57;
17.3;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run what a response! Gul comes round the wicket to Hussey and fires in a yorker right at the toes, aimed straight at leg stump. The best Hussey can do is dig it out back to the bowler;
17.2;4;Umar Gul to Hussey, FOUR runs four more! Hussey is playing so intelligently here, he would've seen that field change and clips a leg-stump half-volley out behind square on the leg side, right between the fielders! Gul under pressure now;
17.1;4;Umar Gul to Hussey, FOUR runs shot! Edgbaston falls silent as Hussey paddles a length ball very fine, wide of the short fine leg fielder for four!;
16.6;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run cracked wide of long-off, just the single though as Hussey will want to keep the strike;
16.5;W;Ajmal to O'Keefe, OUT this is an interesting one... the ball squirts behind square on the leg side off an inside edge and Hussey charges through for the single, O'Keefe is late to respond to the call as the throw is fired to the non-striker's end. Ajmal collects and breaks the stumps, but lets go of the ball as he does ... tough one for the third umpire... That's out! He only let go of the ball after the stumps were disturbed. Huge cheer from the crowd as the decision came up on the big screen!;Steve O'Keefe run out (?Kamran Akmal/Saeed Ajmal) 5 (10m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
16.4;?;Ajmal to O'Keefe, no run appeal for a stumping! Ajmal went fuller, and beat the edge as O'Keefe looked to run the ball down to third man. He dragged his foot forward as Kamran collected and whipped the bails off, but kept his foot grounded inside the crease. Not out.;
16.3;4;Ajmal to O'Keefe, FOUR runs four runs for O'Keefe! His first in international cricket, and it's a decent one. Not a great ball from Ajmal, long-hop outside off and O'Keefe steps back to force through cover. Well-timed, and they boundary sweeper can't cut it off;
16.2;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run ooh, that was the 'other one' from Ajmal, Hussey didn't quite pick it but chopped the ball into the covers for a quick single;
16.1;2;Ajmal to Hussey, 2 runs speared down on middle and leg, Hussey nurdles to leg and some very sharp running gets him two;
15.6;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run pushed to long-off, and he keeps the strike;
15.5;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs classic Mike Hussey! What a shot at this stage of the innings, Aamer sent down a half-volley outside off and Hussey just nailed it through cover with a textbook drive. No need for anything innovative, he just slapped it right out of the middle, all along the ground. Fielders didn't even move;
15.4;1;Amir to O'Keefe, 1 run quick yorker this time, jammed out to the point fielder and Hussey calls him through for a scampered single;
15.3;?;Amir to O'Keefe, no run slower-ball bouncer from Aamer this time, O'Keefe seemed to pick it and tried to send the ball into orbit, but couldn't get a touch on it!;
15.2;?;Amir to O'Keefe, no run bouncer from Aamer, and it flies over the middle and leg stumps as O'Keefe ducks underneath it. Borderline wide, but the umpire calls one for the over;
15.1;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run driven on the up down to long-off;
14.6;?;Ajmal to O'Keefe, no run very tentative again from O'Keefe, tapping defensively back down the track;
14.5;?;Ajmal to O'Keefe, no run O'Keefe has no idea about this one. I'm not sure he's ever faced a spinner of Ajmal's class before, and he doesn't pick the doosra at all, backing away to leg and thrusting his bat out. Lucky not to edge that;
14.4;W;Ajmal to Hussey, OUT Ajmal strikes! It was slightly slower through the air, and he pushed his up closer to the batsman as well. Hussey shapes to flick to leg but gets a leading edge to chip the ball ever so softly back to the bowler! Pakistan are flying now, Ajmal has won his battle with Hussey, D. Now for Hussey, M.;David Hussey c & b Saeed Ajmal 33 (46m 27b 3x4 0x6) SR: 122.22;
14.3;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run quick again, but also just too short and Hussey hops back and across to nudge to short fine leg;
14.2;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run quick armball, wristily worked across the line and out to deep midwicket off the back foot;
14.1;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run just too short, cut away infront of point;
13.6;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run full, and worked to long-on;
13.5;4;Afridi to Hussey, FOUR runs fast offcutter from Afridi, but he's slipped onto Hussey's pads and the batsman has no trouble gliding the ball away very fine on the leg side to get off the mark with a boundary!;
13.4;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run driven out to long-off;
13.3;W;Afridi to White, OUT gone this time! White tries to clear the boundary again, on the leg side this time. He hit right across the line and got a huge leading edge, the ball went really high but not too far, and Shoaib Malik circles underneath to hold onto a regulation catch! Advantage: Pakistan.;Cameron White c Shoaib Malik b Shahid Afridi 7 (10m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
13.2;?;Afridi to White, no run fuller this time, slammed back to the bowler;
13.1;4;Afridi to White, FOUR runs White goes big, and he goes straight! He didn't send it for maximum, but collects a one-bounce four straight down the ground. Very strong shot;
12.6;1lb;Shoaib Akhtar to White, 1 leg bye Shoaib charges in and raps the batsman's pads with an inswinging length delivery! Wow, he really looks pooped, barely has the energy to appeal for the lbw. It was slipping down leg though, so not even considered.;
12.5;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, 1 run another quick yorker from Shoaib, but Hussey manages to jam it out to long-off;
12.4;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey capitalises on the free hit, stepping away to leg and scything a full ball through cover. Spanked! All along the ground, beating the cover sweeper;
12.4;1nb;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, (no ball) slower ball from Shoaib, outside off and Hussey can't get it away ... but he's over-stepped! That's a no-ball, so we have a Free hit coming up;
12.3;2;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, 2 runs very full as Hussey backs away to leg, but he gets a good connection to drill the ball to long-off, where Umar Gul charges across and makes a good, sliding stop;
12.2;1;Shoaib Akhtar to White, 1 run forced out square on the off side off the back foot;
12.1;?;Shoaib Akhtar to White, no run smell that! Well, Shoaib runs his fingers over this one as he slams it into the turf halfway down, but the ball spits up viciously off a length to scoot past the batsman's grille. Shoaib wanders down to have a polite word in his ear...;
11.6;1;Afridi to White, 1 run short and wide outside off this time, and its carved out to the cover sweeper;
11.5;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run worked with plenty of bottom hand down to long-on;
11.4;4;Afridi to Hussey, FOUR runs short, much too short and Afridi is kicking the turf in disgust! Hussey is not going to miss out on those, and pulls very hard infront of square to pick up a boundary;
11.3;1;Afridi to White, 1 run nudged to wide long-on, Afridi is determined to stop them getting two and hares after the ball himself!;
11.2;W;Afridi to Hopes, OUT great piece of work by Kamran Akmal behind the stumps! Afridi drifted a quicker one in to beat the inside edge of the bat as Hopes lunges forward and over-balances, dragging his back leg out. World-class stumping, great effort, and Afridi is ecstatic!;James Hopes st ?Kamran Akmal b Shahid Afridi 30 (34m 28b 3x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
11.1;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run chipped to long-on;
10.6;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run drilled down to long-on;
10.5;1;Ajmal to Hopes, 1 run full toss clipped behind square on the leg side;
10.4;?;Ajmal to Hopes, no run another attempted slog sweep as Ajmal keeps darting them in to leg stump, again he can't connect;
10.3;?;Ajmal to Hopes, no run Hopes goes down on bended knee to slog sweep but the ball thumps into the pad. Big appeal from Ajmal, but the ball was going over as well as missing leg;
10.2;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run easy single for Hussey, who just pushes the ball into the covers and sets off. The fielders are right back on the edge of the circle, plenty of opportunity for sneaky singles;
10.1;1;Ajmal to Hopes, 1 run a hint of turn in to the batsman, who backs away and slaps to backward point;
9.6;1;Afridi to Hopes, 1 run clipped away for a leg side single to finish a good over for Australia;
9.5;?;Afridi to Hopes, no run better from Afridi, nothing for Hopes to work with and blocked back to the bowler;
9.4;1;Afridi to Hussey, 1 run Hussey this time clips it away off the front foot for a single to square leg;
9.3;2;Afridi to Hussey, 2 runs two more, excellent running, it was carefully worked into the square leg region;
9.2;1;Afridi to Hopes, 1 run this time it's fired towards leg stump and worked towards deep square leg for a single;
9.1;2;Afridi to Hopes, 2 runs the batsmen are doing this well now, Pakistan under pressure, clipped to deep point for a swiftly taken couple;
8.6;1;Umar Gul to Hopes, 1 run once again it's full and straight, with a touch of indrift, and it's clipped for a single;
8.5;3;Umar Gul to Hussey, 3 runs touch of swing, first time we've seen that from Pakistan today, but it ends up going for three, as it's worked to deep midwicket where Umar fires in a throw that Gul fails to collect allowing a bonus third;
8.4;1;Umar Gul to Hopes, 1 run very good from Gul, there is nothing on offer here for the Australian batsmen, speared in full and straight and it's dug out to long on again;
8.3;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run this time there is a single, full and straight and clipped to long on for one;
8.2;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run dot ball again, Gul finding his range this over, tight line outside off, driven crisply but straight to Afridi at mid off, who has another chat with his bowler;
8.1;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run dot balls are almost as useful, and here it's driven firmly back to the bowler;
7.6;?;Afridi to Hopes, no run quicker ball to finish and Hopes drives to cover;
7.5;2;Afridi to Hopes, 2 runs and again, a touch short and Hopes pulled it carefully in front of midwicket for a couple more;
7.4;2;Afridi to Hopes, 2 runs nicely done from Hopes, he's doing a good job now, clipping firmly in front of midwicket for a couple;
7.3;1lb;Afridi to Hussey, 1 leg bye this time it's fired in towards the legs and thuds off bat and pad towards short fine leg for one;
7.2;1;Afridi to Hopes, 1 run touch of spin here, but more Kumble than Warne, cut firmly to deep point for a single;
7.1;?;Afridi to Hopes, no run starts well, speared into middle and blocked to cover;
6.6;1;Umar Gul to Hopes, 1 run that's better from Gul, full and straight and dug out in front of midwicket for a single;
6.5;4;Umar Gul to Hopes, FOUR runs very good from Hopes, with the silence from the crowd you never know if these shots are timed, but it certainly was, Hopes pulling a shortish ball through midwicket for four;
6.4;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run good stuff this from Hussey, quietly pushed down the ground for a single;
6.3;1;Umar Gul to Hopes, 1 run shoved it a touch shorter, Hopes slapped a front-foot pull, without much timing one-bounce to long on;
6.2;1;Umar Gul to Hussey, 1 run follows up the boundary with a soft-handed push into the off side for a quick single;
6.1;4;Umar Gul to Hussey, FOUR runs wow, Hussey has timed this perfectly, looked nothing more than a routine work to leg from a shortish ball but it sped between fine leg and square leg for four;
5.6;?;Ajmal to Hopes, no run doosra here, and not read by the batsman, gets a leading edge towards mid off;
5.5;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run another single, just worked into the leg side;
5.4;1;Ajmal to Hopes, 1 run fired in much quicker and clipped away for a single towards midwicket;
5.3;4;Ajmal to Hopes, FOUR runs unlucky for the bowler here, Hopes went for a conventional sweep, and top-edged it over short fine leg for another boundary;
5.2;4;Ajmal to Hopes, FOUR runs top shot this, really confident stuff from Hopes, went down very early for a reverse sweep, Ajmal fired it in quicker, but Hopes connected well and threaded it through point for four;
5.1;1;Ajmal to Hussey, 1 run pretty gentle start, clipped to short fine leg for a quick single;
4.6;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, 1 run slower ball to finish, nicely delivered, Hussey watches it carefully and pushed towards cover for a single;
4.5;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, no run Shoaib is through him again and having a real word with Hussey, who backed away and swished at nothing outside off;
4.4;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, no run lovely ball this, on a good length, outside off stump, just offering to go away off the wicket, and Hussey aims a flat-footed waft;
4.4;1w;Shoaib Akhtar to Hussey, 1 wide Shoaib just gets this one wrong, sliding it down the leg side;
4.3;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Hopes, 1 run lovely shot, really good from Hopes, picked a slower ball and drove firmly towards cover where Afridi dives and pulls off an excellent save;
4.2;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hopes, no run well Hopes is looking a little startled here, flashing at thin air outside off stump;
4.1;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hopes, no run Shoaib is working up really good pace, full and straight and defended;
3.6;W;Amir to Clarke, OUT gone this time! Clarke's chopped on! A bit short, Clarke was looking to cut it away, but it cramped him for room and he under-edged it on to his stumps. Aamer is so excited that he leaps into the departing batsman, and there is a lovely moment where they pat each other on the back;Michael Clarke b Mohammad Amir 30 (19m 17b 6x4 0x6) SR: 176.47;
3.5;4;Amir to Clarke, FOUR runs oh top shot! It was there for it, full and with a touch of width, but Clarke absolutely drilled it through cover for four;
3.4;4;Amir to Clarke, FOUR runs lovely shot and the ground is stunned into silence. Fair to say it's a one-eyed crowd! Clarke edged down the wicket and crisply eased it past the bowler for four;
3.3;1;Amir to Hopes, 1 run Hopes gets a firm connection here, working it into the leg side for one;
3.2;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run good from Aamer, Clarke edged leg side and the bowler followed up, cramping any room so it could only be pushed towards the covers for one;
3.1;?;Amir to Clarke, no run Aamer glides into another quick delivery, lovely action he has, Clarke is equally graceful, timing a crisp drive down to mid off;
2.6;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Hopes, no run he may look like he's bowled 30 overs, and with a run up like his you can understand him looking a little weary, but Shoaib has got this straight through Hopes before he had a chance to play a shot;
2.5;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, 1 run slower ball, good thinking from Shoaib, Clarke read it though and threaded a well-timed drive to deep point;
2.4;W;Shoaib Akhtar to Paine, OUT Shoaib strikes! Crowd has gone wild, Afridi running around like a mad man! Tim Paine tried to flap a quick, rising ball into the leg side but couldn't get much on it and it looped towards mid off where Gul took a decent catch over his head;Tim Paine c Umar Gul b Shoaib Akhtar 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.3;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, 1 run lucky for the batsman this time, full and Clarke sliced it in the air down towards deep point, but the fielder could not get in in time to take the catch;
2.2;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke is really ticking, Shaib has got his adrenaline flowing, it was a touch short from the bowler and he clumped a pull shot wide of midwicket for four;
2.1;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, no run this is seriously swift stuff from Shoaib, can still get it through in a hurry despite his age, he's probably lucky to get away with this, it was crashed to point;
1.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run good first ball to the new batsman, forces him back and into a defensive shot in a flash;
1.5;W;Amir to Warner, OUT gone! Aamer strikes early again! It was fired in full and straight, Warner tried to mow it over midwicket and it crashed into his back leg, looks unlucky for the batsman, it was heading past the leg stump with the angle;David Warner lbw b Mohammad Amir 1 (8m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.4;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run slightly back of a length from Aamer, pushed towards point for a quick single;
1.3;?;Amir to Clarke, no run Clarke happy to hand leg side of the ball as Aamer pushed it across him, aims another cover drive, but this time finds the fielder;
1.2;4;Amir to Clarke, FOUR runs lovely shot from Michael Clarke, not butchering the ball as his opening partner may, just easing a cover drive over the infield for four;
1.1;1lb;Amir to Warner, 1 leg bye Aamer is an altogether more lean and lithe prospect than Shoaib and starts well, full and following Warner outside leg, thuds off a flurry of bat and pad away to square leg for a single;
0.6;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, no run oh it's all kicking off, plenty of stares and plenty of words from bowler and batsman, really top delivery, climbed from a length straight threw Clarke's attempted flay and Akmal took the ball well above his head;
0.5;?;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, no run good response here from the bowler, better length and good line, Clarke blocks firmly to cover;
0.4;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, FOUR runs tough work already for Shoaib, he's not actually bowled that badly, but a fraction outside off and Clarke cuts firmly past point for four;
0.3;2;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke enjoying the pace and carry, clipping a cut shot away for a couple;
0.2;4;Shoaib Akhtar to Clarke, FOUR runs good start from Clarke as opener, lifting what was actually a good rising delivery over the wicketkepper's head, one-bounce for four;
0.1;1;Shoaib Akhtar to Warner, 1 run good start from the quick man, bounding in from a six mile run up, landing on a decent length and line, worked to midwicket for a single;

Right, we're ready to go again. Afridi has just led an impassioned team huddle. Can it inspire Shoaib to a better start than yesterday? He's going to get things underway against David Warner, who destroyed him yesterday.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
2nd T20I, Birmingham, Jul 6 2010, Australia tour of England and Ireland
162/9
151
Player of the match is Mohammad Amir, PAK
Pakistan won by 11 runs
