Data
9.25 pm Well, Pakistan did not look like they were going to last 20 overs. Not that a score of 96 for 9 is any consolation. Shahid Afridi said this pitch was going to be slow. So it is safe to assume they knew what to expect. But all that went out the window as soon as the first ball began turning - from Glenn Maxwell. He struck thrice in the powerplay. Then debutant Cameron Boyce showed off some delectable skills with his leg spin. The few long hops notwithstanding. There's only been four fours in the entire innings and the extras - 20 - is the second-top score. Not the most appealing scorecard for Pakistan
19.6;?;Kane Richardson to Irfan, no run back of a length and outside off, Irfan swings and misses;
19.5;1lb;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, 1 leg bye ran away outside off to try and scoop a fuller ball over fine leg. Again no connection and the ball clipped the back pad and almost knocked over the stumps.;
19.4;?;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, no run shortish and outside off, Raza tries to belt it over the top of the off-side field. No connection;
19.3;1;Kane Richardson to Irfan, 1 run slugged it to mid-off as he meets the fuller ball on off stump with a brutal slice;
19.2;?;Kane Richardson to Irfan, no run length ball on off stump, Irfan cleared his front leg and slapped it back at the bowler;
19.1;1;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, 1 run shortish and angled in, Raza whips it away into the man at deep midwicket;
18.6;1;Faulkner to Raza Hasan, 1 run short and a shade outside off, Raza pulls down and to square leg. He's played a decent hand here;
18.5;2;Faulkner to Raza Hasan, 2 runs gets across on off stump and turns it away behind square leg. Raza's been living on these couples but Irfan is quite sluggish. No direct hit though which means he gets those extra seconds to save himself;
18.4;?;Faulkner to Raza Hasan, no run back of a length on middle and, defended;
18.3;4;Faulkner to Raza Hasan, FOUR runs back of a length on leg stump, clipped away past the diving wicketkeeper and Raza gets the score ticking as best as he can;
18.2;W;Faulkner to Wahab Riaz, OUT that's the slower ball off the back of the hand, Wahab gets down on one knee for a big mow over midwicket. The slowness of the pitch though produces a top edge that soars into the air. Mitchell Start from square leg runs to his right, he has enough time considering how long that hung in the air. But this is by no means a simple catch. Judges it extremely well and pulls it off with a full-length dive;Wahab Riaz c Starc b Faulkner 16 (23m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
18.1;1;Faulkner to Raza Hasan, 1 run goes short on leg stump, Raza gets across on off stump and nurdles it behind square leg;
11.6;1;Abbott to Saad Nasim, 1 run banged in short, Nasim pulls and keeps it down to square leg;
11.5;1;Abbott to Anwar Ali, 1 run rises up with his back of a length delivery and tries to guide it away to third man. Only edges and it drops short of the lone slip fielder. It was bowled across the seam;
11.4;2;Abbott to Anwar Ali, 2 runs that's stunning. Gets his front leg down the line and cracks the fuller ball outside off through a spectacularly diving cover fielder and past mid-off for a few runs;
11.3;1;Abbott to Saad Nasim, 1 run tucked around the corner as this was shortish and angled in at him;
11.2;1;Abbott to Anwar Ali, 1 run fuller and a shade outside off and its lifted over the top of the extra cover region. Nicely done.;
11.1;1;Abbott to Saad Nasim, 1 run digs it into the middle of the pitch, Nasim directs it to fine leg to bring up the Pakistan fifty.;
10.6;1;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 1 run drags this one down quite short and very wide too. Nasim somehow reaches it and cuts to deep point;
10.5;1;Boyce to Anwar Ali, 1 run a touch shorter on off stump and punches down the ground. Boyce dives but can't stop it;
10.4;?;Boyce to Anwar Ali, no run nice and slow through the air just outside off, Anwar is forward to block;
10.3;?;Boyce to Anwar Ali, no run tries to force a drive down the ground as Boyce loops it in on leg stump. Good flight again and Anwar is almost yorked;
10.2;?;Boyce to Anwar Ali, no run nicely flighted and angled in on leg stump, Anwar stays beside it and defends;
10.1;1;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 1 run that's the legspinner's curse. Can look absolutely breathtaking when he beats the outside edge, but this time he bowls a full toss on middle and is swept away to deep square leg;
17.6;1;Abbott to Raza Hasan, 1 run shuffles across and clips a good length ball through to deep square leg. Couple taken again;
17.5;?;Abbott to Raza Hasan, no run full on off stump, driven smartly back down the ground;
17.4;2;Abbott to Raza Hasan, 2 runs another short ball, rising towards the chest, Raza shuffles inside the line and pulls to deep fine leg for a couple;
17.3;?;Abbott to Raza Hasan, no run short and well directed, Raza ties to pull the 136 kph delivery away but was into the shot too early. Struck on the elbow;
17.2;1;Abbott to Wahab Riaz, 1 run length on middle and off, Wahab lofts it down the ground to long-on;
17.1;2;Abbott to Wahab Riaz, 2 runs banged in short, Wahab backs away and clubs it to deep midwicket;
17.1;1w;Abbott to Wahab Riaz, 1 wide made room for himself, Abbott saw him and slants the ball down leg side. Another tick for the extras. This was at 139kph;
16.6;1;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, 1 run fuller and outside off, driven smartly towards the covers. A little indecision before Raza is sent back. In his hurry he plonks the bat, it gets caught in the grass and might well have been run out;
16.5;?;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, no run back of a length on off stump, Wahab opens the face for a single but Maxwell is at point and he isn't so accommodating;
16.4;1;Kane Richardson to Raza Hasan, 1 run short on and around off stump, he drags it with a pull towards midwicket;
16.3;1;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, 1 run that time the shorter ball got on him too quickly, Wahab tries to pull and gets it too high on the bat. Single towards long-on;
16.2;4;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, FOUR runs belted down the ground. That's the end of the drought then. Cleared his front leg and drilled it down the ground. Monstrous hit;
16.1;?;Kane Richardson to Wahab Riaz, no run back of a length on off stump, defended carefully;
9.6;?;Abbott to Anwar Ali, no run good length ball on middle and off, Anwar gets forward to defend;
9.5;?;Abbott to Anwar Ali, no run brilliant bowling from Abbott. Finds the yorker and it curls in late on leg stump, Anwar blocks it;
9.4;W;Abbott to Afridi, OUT well, this should help soothe the pain. Fires it in full on off stump, Afridi plans his front leg down and goes for a heave. Misses. Hit in front and the umpire sends him packing;Shahid Afridi lbw b Abbott 2 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
9.3;1lb;Abbott to Saad Nasim, 1 leg bye back of a length on middle and leg, Nasim jumps up on leg stump to try and work it away. A little too quick for him and the ball lobs up towards point. They go for a quick single as Maxi hunts the ball down, swivels around the hurls a throw at the bowler's end. Instead he finds the bowler himself. That's gonna sting for Abbott, no matter if Maxi runs all the way to give him a pat;
9.2;1;Abbott to Afridi, 1 run gets across outside off and whips the length ball through midwicket;
9.2;1w;Abbott to Afridi, 1 wide banged in short and it lures a hook out of Afridi, but the ball was sliding down the leg side;
9.1;1;Abbott to Saad Nasim, 1 run starts off with a shorter ball on middle, Nasim plays a short-armed pull through square leg;
8.6;1;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 1 run feigns to shift outside off again and gets a leading edge into the covers as he tries to pick up a single through the on side.;
8.5;?;Boyce to Saad Nasim, no run the flight he is concentrating on is fetching him some enticing turn. Nasim was again trying to move to off stump to throw Boyce off. Doesn't succeed and is made to follow the delivery with an open face. Falls short of slip though;
8.4;1;Boyce to Afridi, 1 run waits on the back foot as he lines up a short-pitched ball, lets it turn and slaps it through the covers to get off the mark;
8.3;1;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 1 run a shorter ball on middle and off, rocks back and flat bats to long-on;
8.2;2;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 2 runs lobs up a full toss as he gets thrown out by Nasim moving around in the crease, Sinks to one-knee and slogs it to deep square leg;
8.1;?;Boyce to Saad Nasim, no run he's settled into a lovely line. Tossed up on off stump and he drifts it in as well. However after the ball pitches it veers past the outside edge;
7.6;1;Kane Richardson to Saad Nasim, 1 run short and a shade outside off, rides the bounce to third man;
7.5;W;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, OUT why would he play that?! Threw his bat at a length ball like it was the last one he might ever play and skies it. It's a swirlier. Shoots up into the Dubai sky but it's no match for a coolly back-tracking Warner from mid-off;Umar Akmal c Warner b Richardson 1 (5m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
7.4;?;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, no run gets on top of the bounce and thumps the short ball towards point, Maxi dives to his right and pulls off another bright save;
7.3;1;Kane Richardson to Saad Nasim, 1 run closes the face too early and Richardson was flirting with a debut wicket too. This back of a good length delivery holds up and lures the leading edge but it goes to the right of point;
7.2;1;Kane Richardson to Umar Akmal, 1 run shortish and outside off, he opens the face and guides to deep third man;
7.1;1;Kane Richardson to Saad Nasim, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Nasim taps it into the covers and sets off. That's well done. Beats the incoming Smith;
6.6;?;Boyce to Umar Akmal, no run that's a beauty! Began with a delivery he'd like to forget very quickly but this one, he'd want to hold on to. Gets drift on middle and leg and then rips it right across the tamely poking bat. Gorgeous legspin bowling;
6.5;?;Boyce to Umar Akmal, no run tossed up on middle, Akmal gets forward to block with a dead bat;
6.4;W;Boyce to Shehzad, OUT taken at slip! A touch shorter, a touch closer to off stump. Shehzad got back and was trying to cut it away but ends up offering a sharp catch to Finch off an outside edge;Ahmed Shehzad c Finch b Boyce 10 (26m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 50;
6.3;?;Boyce to Shehzad, no run tossed up on off stump, Shehzad gets forward and leaves. Startling turn again. Almost like the man he is trying to imitate (albeit poorly) with his action;
6.2;?;Boyce to Shehzad, no run keeps to a shorter length, but does get turn and bounce. Shehzad was thinking about cutting it but decides against it;
6.1;1;Boyce to Saad Nasim, 1 run and it's a rank long hot. Way too short and it turns further outside off, the batsman gets set up with his feet wide apart and pulls through midwicket;
5.6;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run fuller and outside off, Shehzad inches forward ot drive through the off side but has to settle for an inside edge;
5.5;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run back of a good length on middle and leg, Shehzad is squared up as he defends. And looks like we've got Misbah-ul-Haq in the house. With a little grey in his beard;
5.4;1;Starc to Saad Nasim, 1 run shortish and on the pads, Nasim places it to the right of the man at midwicket. But Abbott is quick and he pulls off a dive to keep it to a single. Brilliant effort;
5.3;?;Starc to Saad Nasim, no run fuller on off stump, Nasim is perched in his crease and blocks;
5.2;?;Starc to Saad Nasim, no run takes a shimmy forward and Starc doesn't like that. Sends down a good length ball that rips across the outside edge. At some pace too. Bowler has a little advice for the debutant;
5.1;?;Starc to Saad Nasim, no run back of a good length and outside off, Nasim watches it carefully through to the keeper's gloves;
4.6;1;Maxwell to Saad Nasim, 1 run loads of flight there as Nasim tucks it behind square leg for a single;
4.5;1;Maxwell to Shehzad, 1 run pushed through on off stump, Shehzad shuffles across and works it away to deep midwicket;
4.4;1;Maxwell to Saad Nasim, 1 run looped up outside off, Nasim leans into a square drive and watches an inside edge wander towards fine leg;
4.4;5w;Maxwell to Saad Nasim, 5 wide there was a leg slip in play and Maxi tries to get him in the game by tossing the ball up on the pads. Gets a little too much turn than he's used to and beats the keeper, and Finch;
4.3;W;Maxwell to Maqsood, OUT timberrrrr! Again his footwork does not afford him enough balance. This ball was a little too full and he got a little too close to it and then drives outside the line. Almost yorked himself as the ball turned from off stump to hit the target;Sohaib Maqsood b Maxwell 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.2;?;Maxwell to Maqsood, no run defends on middle and leg again as Maxi strangles Pakistan;
4.1;?;Maxwell to Maqsood, no run good length ball on middle and leg, nudged away off his pads;
4.1;1w;Maxwell to Maqsood, 1 wide missed stumping! Maqsood had overbalanced as he was trying to flick down the leg side. Beautiful lure from Maxwell worked quite well until Haddin doesn't stay low enough and fumbles;
3.6;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run short and rising towards his chest, Shehzad plays it well as he gets up off his toes and blocks with soft hands. The Aussie fielders are all over him. They don't want to give any quarter here;
3.5;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run that's a lovely response. A good length ball probing in the corridor and it ducks back in after pitching. Shehzad shuffles across to protect his stumps and leaves;
3.4;4;Starc to Shehzad, FOUR runs shot! It's all fine and dandy working the left-armer's angle but when you pitch it short it sets the batsman to drill it in front of point. Largely with a straight bat. Lovely shot;
3.3;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run full and wide, a little too much so to invite the batsman's interest. Luckily though, he doesn't invite the umpire's either. That was very close to the wide line;
3.2;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run pushes Shehzad back in the crease and the ball thuds into his bat. Short cover is quick to prevent any thoughts of a single;
3.2;5w;Starc to Shehzad, 5 wide oh, almost a brilliant take from Haddin. Took flight to his right and tried to grab a fuller delivery, curling in. But it had started well down the leg side and was going further. Too quick for the keeper;
3.1;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run good length ball across the right-hander, pushed into covers;
2.6;W;Maxwell to Umar Amin, OUT he's not the only one, Uzair! Runs down the track after just three balls faced. This doesn't seem like the pitch to do that and Maxwell makes him pay. The tossed up delivery grips and turns right across his ugly slog and Haddin does the rest. Amin tries his hardest to stretch his back leg to safety but he has lunged too far down the track;Umar Amin st ?Haddin b Maxwell 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.5;?;Maxwell to Umar Amin, no run quicker and flatter outside off, Amin goes for a cut but isn't fast enough with his hands;
2.4;?;Maxwell to Umar Amin, no run flighted and a tad outside off, Amin opens the blade to backward point;
2.3;W;Maxwell to Awais Zia, OUT he's been trying to force the pace and perishes in the attempt. A swat to mid-off where Richardson picks up a smart catch low to his right. The short ball seemed to hold up on the pitch and he was falling away to the leg side as he sought to bludgeon the ball square on the off side. All he ended up was lobbing it down the ground;Awais Zia c Richardson b Maxwell 3 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
2.2;?;Maxwell to Awais Zia, no run pulls his length back just a touch but it was still slow enough. Zia waits and cuts to deep point;
2.1;2;Maxwell to Awais Zia, 2 runs lofted over extra cover! Maxwell follows its progress and is pleased to see the fielder running around to keep it to two;
1.6;4;Starc to Shehzad, FOUR runs this time it is but the edge is too thick for first slip, Finch leaps to his left to track down this fuller ball fired in at 146 kph outside off, can't reach it;
1.5;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run chased after that and is beaten. Lovely fuller ball that was angled across the right-hander, teasing the drive. He got it but the outside edge is not forthcoming;
1.4;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run back of a lenght and outside off, left alone with ease;
1.3;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run on a good length around the off stump this time and its blocked capably;
1.2;4lb;Starc to Shehzad, 4 leg byes sliding down leg again, that inswing he's looking for is skewing his radar. Tickled to the fine leg boundary;
1.1;?;Starc to Shehzad, no run this one ends up a full toss on off stump with a little inswing. And what seemed an innocent little delivery turns out to spark Brad Haddin. Comes up and has a stern chat with Shehzad, who gestures in a way for Haddin to back off. Scuffle breaks away as the square leg umpire approaches;
0.6;?;Maxwell to Awais Zia, no run "catch it," they cry as Zia gets into a powerful sweep. Lined up the fuller ball and gave it all he had. But Phil Hughes at square leg dives and makes a good save;
0.5;?;Maxwell to Awais Zia, no run a little flight and that gets Zia's attention. Tries to drill the ball down the ground, but mistimes it;
0.4;1;Maxwell to Shehzad, 1 run tossed up on the pads again and Shehzad clips it calmly behind square leg;
0.3;1;Maxwell to Awais Zia, 1 run a little flatter this time and this time Zia is able to use the room to cut away to the sweeper;
0.2;?;Maxwell to Awais Zia, no run slower through the air on a good length, this is left alone as he sees it outside off;
0.1;1lb;Maxwell to Shehzad, 1 leg bye oooh, turn straight away and the Australians are excited. The umpire doesn't share in it and the leg-before appeal goes to waste. Good length ball grips, as Afridi had predicted, and grazes the pad through towards fine leg;

Ahmed Shehzad and Awais Zia are the openers. Australia immediately opt for spin. Glenn Maxwell takes the new ball
7.50 pm"What's going to happen if an Aussie injures himself on the field? There are no players left." Zeeshan frets. I was looking forward to watching Mitchell Marsh myself. But lets shift the spotlight to Raza Hasan. He's coming off from a back injury that put him out for a couple of years. Not known for as much spin as he is for his canny operation, it would be interesting to see how he takes to the responsibility of being their premier spinner
"Interesting that Abbot who is playing today, was born on a leap year. He's celebrated 5 birthdays so far :-)" Wait.... what?! I know you should blood in young players, but this is taking things a smidge too far. Okay, that's my tantrum done for the day. Thank you, Kartik.
The pitch report says there aren't a lot of runs on offer here. The surface is rather dull, with patchy grass cover. The experts predict 155-160 target might be safe.
Bilal: "Interesting to see how Awais Zia would play today , His debut had suggested he was a only-legside player and was eventually left out , hope he would have improved on that and hasn't changed his style of play which is attacking at the top of the order just as Warner does for Aussies."
"Afridi-Waqar combination seems more explosive than charismatic." Daniyal corrects me.
"This is the weakest Pakistani side that i have ever seen in last couple of years with Ajmal and Hafeez." Ishaq is not reassured by Afridi's comments at the toss, it would seem
7.30 pm Pakistan have won the toss and will bat and a roar sounds out in the stadium. "It looks slow and low, maybe it will grip as well for our spinners," Shahid Afridi says. "Great opportunity for youngsters and this is change to grab that. I don't have Hafeez and Ajmal, but I am quite confident" Saad Nasim will be making his T20 debut and Awais Zia returns after two years in the wilderness.
"Looks like a good wicket, won't change a lot," says Finch, "Four debutants tonight, that's a really exciting thing. Everyone's getting an opportunity from performing well in domestic cricket" It seems those four are Sean Abbott, Cameron Boyce, Kane Richardson and Phil Hughes
"People say cricket is game of great uncertainties, so are we in for Waqar vs Lehman after Jose vs Wenger. No way" The sports world just keeps on giving, doesn't it, Touseef?
Jiten Surtani: "Its the battle of the two most explosive sides in T20. We know Pakistan's performance in T20 World Cups have been amazing whereas the new breed in Australia are also firecrackers and bombs. Both sides are hit by consistency issues. But the day both of them come good, it will be a cricket fans delight"
There are several subplots to follow. The biggest, of course, is how Pakistan will cope without their ace spinner Saeed Ajmal. When they had him, they worked him to the bone and he was happy to churn out the overs. Who is going to take up that workload now? Plus both sides are under new management. Aaron Finch leads Australia for the first time tonight and he's not been shy of what kind of captain he wants to be. Pakistan have dusted out an old (and rather charismatic) captain-coach combine in Shahid Afridi and Waqar Younis.
"Would be great to see a few of these and not just batsmen smashing it." Tommy, my man. You have excellent taste.
7.15 pm The endless reign of Twenty20 cricket shall continue. It's clutches have reached the faraway land of the UAE tonight. Australia and Pakistan are its pawns. The Ring of Fire is the setting. So strap in, sit back and watch these boys go boom
 Innings Start
Australia take the one-off T20 game. David Warner took care of the chase. Glenn Maxwell took care of the bowling. Pakistan did their bit to help out as well. But this tour continues. The first ODI begins on Tuesday. So do join us then. Thank you for your comments but for now this is Alagappan Muthu, saying sayonara
"Really nice, the way we started with the ball set the tone for the game. We got lucky with the couple but its really nice to win like that," says Aaron Finch "Couple of other guys in the squad. Not the captain of the ODIs so Bails can sort that out. Bowling was great, little jitter with the bat. But all good"
Glenn Maxwell is the Man of the Match "Nice wicket to bowl on. Hopefully I can keep going well since wickets here might be more like this. There's a lot of places up for grabs, we;re a young side and we try and put our best foot forward. We saw four debutants perform and it bodes well for the World Cup. Looking forward for Sharjah, played a few games for Kings XI in IPL there"
Presentation time "First of all I want to congratualate Australia. We didn't play smartly. After the first over we thought we wanted 120-125. But we didn't play it well," says Shahid Afridi. "First six overs are very important. We missed the opportunity and we didn;t read the pitch very well. The plan was simple, go and play ball by ball and 120-125 would have been good. We are looking forward to the ODI series, it's important because World Cup is coming. We are all trying our level best to do well with the new combination"
10.45 pm It turned out to be a tighter chase than was expected. Pakistan tried their best to mask a woeful batting performance. But every ball that David Warner was out there was one ball that was taking the game away. A composed innings from him despite the threat from the pitch and the disciplined bowling. Solid half-century and when one of your top four score that much chasing 97, the result is a foregone conclusion
Tom: "Only Maxwell(170) & Warner(140) managed to strike at above 100 strike rate in the whole match.."
13.6;1;Maqsood to Faulkner, 1 run miscalculations galore as Masood bowls, Faulker pushes down the ground past mid-off. This single does close out the game though.;
13.5;1;Maqsood to Warner, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, turned away through midwicket.;
13.4;6;Maqsood to Warner, SIX runs tonk it over midwicket while becoming temporarily right-handed. There really was no risk here, so he jumps around and pummels it over midwicket. Rocks his bat like a cradle to celebrate. He did become a father recently;
13.4;2nb;Maqsood to Faulkner, (no ball) 1 run tossed up on off stump, Faulker nudges it through square leg. But the umpire calls a no-ball. Maqsood oversteps and presents a free hit;
13.3;1;Maqsood to Warner, 1 run gets back to a shortish ball on middle and mistimes a pull down the ground;
13.2;?;Maqsood to Warner, no run goes back to a good length ball and defends;
13.1;1;Maqsood to Warner, 1 run whoa, he was making room and the offspinner gripping the pitch and turning away almost beat him. Warner reaches out as much as he can and toe ends it to deep point.;
12.6;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run another shorter ball, another sweep/ pull from Warner. Irfan gets into the act again;
12.5;2;Afridi to Warner, 2 runs sees the ball short and gets down one one knee to half-pull and half-sweep it away behind square leg. Mohammad Irfan running from fine leg pulls out a slide and is able to make the save;
12.4;1;Afridi to Faulkner, 1 run slower and tossed up on leg stump, Faulker works it away behind square leg. No need to take any risks;
12.3;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run flighted on off stump, Faulker is forward to block;
12.2;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run good length ball with a little turn on off stump, Faulker goes back and taps it to mid-on;
12.1;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run pushed through on leg stump, Faulker works it into the midwicket region;
11.6;?;Saad Nasim to Warner, no run tossed up outside off, safely defended to end the over;
11.5;6;Saad Nasim to Warner, SIX runs slog sweep! This seems to be the wrong 'un from Nasim but Warner doesn't care. He sees it tossed up. it is an opportunity to belt the ball away and belt he does;
11.4;4;Saad Nasim to Warner, FOUR runs jumps back in his crease and pounces on a short ball on middle with glee. He's taking control of the chase;
11.3;1;Saad Nasim to Faulkner, 1 run tossed up outside off, Faulkner drives it through the covers a little uppishly;
11.2;?;Saad Nasim to Faulkner, no run good length ball on off stump, holds in and turns away to surprise Faulker. Catches him between a punch and a defensive push;
11.1;1;Saad Nasim to Warner, 1 run poor ball to start and Warner tucks into it. Pulls a long hop to long-on;
10.6;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run that's a slower ball, Warner realises it and taps it down the ground. Neatly done, but as soon as he's at the other end, he pulls his helmet off and is inspecting his left eye. Asks for help from the dressing room. Gets some drops;
10.5;1;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, 1 run banged in short, Faulkner is deep in his crease and has to leap up to get on top of the ball. Tucks it into the vacant midwicket region.;
10.4;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run fires this in full and on leg stump, Warner though is capably behind it and pushes to long-on;
10.3;4;Wahab Riaz to Warner, FOUR runs that's a smashing shot! Moves away outside leg, benefits from the bowler pitching short and creams it through point. Too good;
10.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, 1 run inside edge! He's working up some pace here. Faulker's prod off the front foot sneaks away to fine leg;
10.1;?;Wahab Riaz to Faulkner, no run lets a back of a length delivery come in and taps it into the point region. Sets off but Shehzad is too quick at point;
9.6;2;Afridi to Warner, 2 runs another loopy ball on off stump, Warner waits for a touch more this time and drills it to the right of the cover fielder;
9.5;?;Afridi to Warner, no run feigns to make room, but he stays put. Afridi is not fooled as he fllights it in on middle. Warner whips it to mid-on;
9.4;2;Afridi to Warner, 2 runs this is shorter and coming in at him, backs away and cuts through cover;
9.3;?;Afridi to Warner, no run lured him into a drive away from the body. This is very good bowling from Pakistan. They're keeping things tight. They're coaxing mistakes, like this. Off a flighted ball, Warner plays a lazy drive but it falls short of point;
9.2;1;Afridi to Faulkner, 1 run takes advantage of a flighted ball on the pads and turns it away through square leg;
9.1;?;Afridi to Faulkner, no run flighted on middle, Faulkner pushes it down the ground. Not all that comfortably;
8.6;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run banged in short, Warner sways away from it and lets it through to the keeper. Absorbs a typical angry fast-bowler's stare from Wahab;
8.5;?;Wahab Riaz to Warner, no run back of a length and on off stump, Warner blocks under his eyes;
8.4;W;Wahab Riaz to Hughes, OUT goes for a pull, it's not short enough for the pull and he was dragging it from a shade outside off as well. It sails up into the Dubai sky. Sohaib Maqsood runs to his right from slip and holds on!;Phillip Hughes c Sohaib Maqsood b Wahab Riaz 6 (7m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
8.3;?;Wahab Riaz to Hughes, no run fishes outside off. Nobody home. Lovely bowling as he gets a back of a length delivery to nip away. Hughes plays a nothing stroke, pushing an angled face at it. With slips lying in wait;
8.2;1;Wahab Riaz to Warner, 1 run change of pace, Warner picks it and turns it away behind square leg.;
8.1;6;Wahab Riaz to Warner, SIX runs Warner certainly loves it. Its a length ball from Wahab and it's been smacked straight down the ground. Watches the ball sail over long-off quite casually;
7.6;1;Afridi to Warner, 1 run flighted outside off, Warner is happy with a checked drive to the left of cover;
7.5;?;Afridi to Warner, no run tossed up slower on off stump, defended carefully;
7.4;1;Afridi to Hughes, 1 run 102 kph, fired in full but Hughes was waiting for it with a sweep;
7.3;?;Afridi to Hughes, no run this fuller ball does turn and he loads up for the sweep, doesn't connect. Appeal from Afridi but the batsman had made himself go outside off;
7.2;4;Afridi to Hughes, FOUR runs offers up a half-volley and Hughes is forward and slaps the ball through the covers;
7.1;?;Afridi to Hughes, no run this one doesn't turn as Afridi continues around the wicket. Was preparing to work it with the turn into the on side then he has to adjust with a late cut and misses;
6.6;1;Raza Hasan to Hughes, 1 run was caught between flicking and sweeping and ends up scooping the ball behind square leg. "Catch it," they cry but it lands safely. Good pressure being kept up;
6.5;?;Raza Hasan to Hughes, no run flighted outside off, Hughes plays around his front pad towards short fine leg;
6.4;W;Raza Hasan to Smith, OUT ooohh, another one! Pakistan are making a fist of this. Smith is livid at affording them the opportunity. He ran down the track and went for another whip, this time in front of the wicket. Wahab, at mid-on, takes a couple of steps to his left, dives and holds on to an important catch;Steven Smith c Wahab Riaz b Raza Hasan 3 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
6.3;?;Raza Hasan to Smith, no run flighted on middle and off, Smith leans forward into a defensive push;
6.2;2;Raza Hasan to Smith, 2 runs gets down the track and whips the flighted ball behind square leg. Irfan tracks the ball down and puts a boot down on it. But that allows him to get a couple;
6.1;?;Raza Hasan to Smith, no run flighted just outside off, Smith pushes it to the left of short cover;
5.6;?;Afridi to Warner, no run stays back to a fuller ball and blocks it, rather gingerly;
5.5;?;Afridi to Warner, no run switches around the wicket and gets a good length ball to turn in quite sharply to Warner. Struck on the pads;
5.4;1;Afridi to Smith, 1 run another little trip down the pitch and this time he is able to work the good length ball through midwicket;
5.3;?;Afridi to Smith, no run a little flight outside off, he nudges down the pitch and blocks;
5.3;1w;Afridi to Smith, 1 wide gets a little off line with a length ball and slides it down the leg side;
5.2;W;Afridi to Maxwell, OUT Welcome back, Star Man. Although this one isn't quite stationary. This time the quicker ball does the batsman. It came in off the deck to catch Maxi, who was possibly hoping to cut a length ball away, napping. The adjustment to hit down the ground isn't quick enough. Struck on the knee-roll and in front of off stump.;Glenn Maxwell lbw b Shahid Afridi 17 (10m 10b 3x4 0x6) SR: 170;
5.1;?;Afridi to Maxwell, no run goes for a reverse swat, but it was slid too quickly down the leg side for Maxi.;
4.6;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run flatter, quicker and fired in on leg stump. These boundaries are getting to Raza. Nudged behind square leg;
4.5;4;Raza Hasan to Warner, FOUR runs this was sort of the stroke Awais Zia fell to. Backed away and tried to slice it over the extra cover region. Warner though has a little more pace to work with and that comes to his aid has he powers the ball to the off side boundary;
4.4;3;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, 3 runs length, fast, on leg stump. Maxi made room and swung free. But this outfield is quite sluggish. It was so in the first innings as well. Three runs;
4.3;1;Raza Hasan to Warner, 1 run worked away square on the leg side as Raza begins to dart it in;
4.2;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run loads up for a pull, but this shorter ball hugs the ground. No pace on the ball also plays its part as he inside edges;
4.1;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run pushed through on middle and leg, Warner pushes it towards mid-on;
3.6;4;Irfan to Maxwell, FOUR runs another top edge. He keeps making room to Irfan and for a third time he isn't able to hit where he intended. This short ball hurries onto him and takes the top edge to sail away;
3.5;2;Irfan to Maxwell, 2 runs waits on this shortish delivery and steers it behind point. Raza at deep third man is not quite quick enough to stop two. That's ordinary work;
3.4;?;Irfan to Maxwell, no run moves away and flings down a yorker at 145 kph, Maxi tries to slice it to third man but isn't able to connect;
3.3;4;Irfan to Maxwell, FOUR runs runs at Irfan, makes room and slashes at the slower ball. Fools Maxwell as he slashes a little too early and gets a thick outside edge. It flies over the lone slip fielder;
3.2;1;Irfan to Warner, 1 run whipped away, there's no trouble with Warner's timing tonight. This was short and angled into the body, midwicket has a task on his hands;
3.1;4;Irfan to Warner, FOUR runs that's been carved over the off side field. Nipped down the track, but Irfan pulled his length back. Didn't matter though as he has just enough room to imbue all his power into the stroke. Wins a staring contest with Irfan. Boy!;
2.6;4;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, FOUR runs he's switched it! When the orthodox strokes don't work, pull out a left-handed sweep and send the length ball sailing away to the square leg/ third man boundary;
2.5;?;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, no run a hint of turn off a fuller ball on off stump, Maxi defends with an open face at the last minute;
2.4;?;Raza Hasan to Maxwell, no run pushes it through again and Maxi goes back to push into the covers;
2.3;W;Raza Hasan to Finch, OUT goes for a sweep, but he hasn't controlled it properly. "Catch it," everyone cries and Mohammad Irfan at short fine leg does not disappoint. Dubai is up and buzzing. A top edge removes the Australia captain;Aaron Finch c Mohammad Irfan b Raza Hasan 5 (8m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
2.2;?;Raza Hasan to Finch, no run fired it in a decent clip. Finch goes back and tries to cut, but this ball has skid on into the keeper's gloves. Didn't miss the leg stump by much either;
2.1;?;Raza Hasan to Finch, no run tossed up on off stump, Finch is forward to block solidly;
1.6;1;Irfan to Finch, 1 run pull again, his front leg comes off the turf to help him control it. Kept down to deep square leg;
1.5;?;Irfan to Finch, no run goes for another pull as he misjudges the length again. Irfan gets the ball to lift up off just back of a length and this one thuds into Finch's stomach. Gets an earful from Irfan;
1.4;?;Irfan to Finch, no run that's lovely. Slants a good length ball across Finch and gets a little nip away to help himself. Beats Finch a second time in the over;
1.3;?;Irfan to Finch, no run 146 kph, jumps back in his crease to try an pull a delivery that is not quite short enough. Mistimes it to square leg;
1.2;?;Irfan to Finch, no run back of a length and outside off at 148 kph, Finch looks to punch through the covers and is beaten soundly;
1.1;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs oopsy, Afridi dives a little lazily and Finch treats himself to a one-handed boundary. Even he stares at it with a little bit of surprise. It was full on middle and off stump, Finch was into the flick a little too early and checked his shot. But the timing he mustered was quite staggering;
0.6;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run goes back to a shortish delivery and cuts it, if a little uppishly, towards point;
0.5;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run;
0.4;4lb;Raza Hasan to Warner, 4 leg byes runs at the bowler and plays around a reasonably straight delivery. Kisses the back pad, beats the keeper who was rather blinded. Still might be a chance missed. Raza is very displeased;
0.3;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run flighted on middle and leg, Warner keeps it out;
0.2;2;Raza Hasan to Warner, 2 runs nips away outside off and cuts a flatter delivery coming in on middle, nicely worked from Warner;
0.1;?;Raza Hasan to Warner, no run tossed up on a good length just outside off, Warner prefers to stay back and tuck it away towards midwicket;

9.40 pm Welcome back. The target is not even in triple-figures tonight. Pakistan's spinners have their task cut out for them. But this pitch is offering help. Raza Hasan to start proceedings.
harik: "Who holds the record of hitting minimum number of boundries hit in a completed T20 innings?" Pakistan's had four, but I'm not quite sure if that's the lowest
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
Only T20I (N), Dubai (DSC), Oct 5 2014, Australia tour of United Arab Emirates
96/9
97/4
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 36 balls remaining)
