Data
That's tea in Melbourne. The hosts are all out for their lowest score against England at the MCG since Test cricket's very first game, way back in 1877. They've simply been blown away by seam and swing bowling of the highest standard. There are no real demons in this pitch - it's not hooping around corners. England were just the more disciplined team out there today. They gave nothing away, and Australia's batsmen, in comparison, were unforgivably loose and 10 catches were presented behind the wicket.
Here's Miller: "Australia have only made three lower scores in home Tests since the 19th Century. But it's not their lowest of 2010."
42.5;W;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, OUT all over, Australia are out for 98 as Hilfenhaus feathers a sixth catch through to Prior;Ben Hilfenhaus c ?Prior b Tremlett 0 (10m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
42.4;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run ball hits bat this time, as Tremlett attacks the stumps but Hilfenhaus manages to keep him out;
42.3;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run that is simply too good for a No. 11, landing full on off stump and moving away off the seam. Beaten.;
42.2;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run back of a length once more, Hilfenhaus pokes at it and then whips his bat inside the line at the last moment;
42.1;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run banged in, 'Tremors' keeps Hilfenhaus pegged back with a lifting delivery outside off;
41.6;?;Anderson to Harris, no run again curving in late through the air, Harris can't get a touch on an attempted leg glance and is struck on the pad. Heading way down leg though, not even a hint of an appeal;
41.5;?;Anderson to Harris, no run defended straight back into the pitch with a vertical bat;
41.4;2;Anderson to Harris, 2 runs this time he gets bat on it, clipping to square leg;
41.3;?;Anderson to Harris, no run swinging in, Harris takes this one the thigh pad as he tries to work to leg;
41.2;4;Anderson to Harris, FOUR runs good shot there, the ball was there to be hit - short and wide - but Harris didn't try to make too much of hit, just getting himself into a good, balanced position on the back foot and scything a cut through gully;
41.1;?;Anderson to Harris, no run nicely done by Harris, who is tight in defence;
40.6;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run a yorker goes awry and ends up as a full toss on off stump, which Hilfenhaus biffs to mid-off;
40.5;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run now he uses his height, this is back of a length and jags towards the slips off the seam. Acres of sunlight between bat and ball;
40.4;?;Tremlett to Hilfenhaus, no run Tremlett bursts another one past a tailender's outside edge, finding a great length: full on off stump;
40.3;W;Tremlett to Siddle, OUT there we go, another one is on his way and Australia are nine down. Tremlett pitches one up invitingly outside off, a touch of movement through the air and off the pitch takes the ball away from the bat and a regulation edge lands safely in Prior's gloves. His fifth catch today;Peter Siddle c ?Prior b Tremlett 11 (25m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 73.33;
40.2;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run Siddle whips the bat out of the way this time;
40.1;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run beaten outside the off stump as Tremlett maintains an impeccable line. Possibly too good for the facing batsman...;
39.6;?;Anderson to Harris, no run and nudged gently into the leg side to end;
39.5;?;Anderson to Harris, no run and again, Anderson keeping it tight but Harris is hanging in there doggedly;
39.4;?;Anderson to Harris, no run good, testing follow-up ball. But Harris is solid in defence;
39.3;3;Anderson to Siddle, 3 runs slapped with rather more intent this time, the ball beats a diving cover fielder but rolls to a halt in the outfield;
39.2;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run landing on a length on off stump, tapped defensively to cover;
39.1;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run snaking away through the air, but outside off and easily left alone;
38.6;?;Tremlett to Harris, no run Harris defends solidly into the off side and screams "no!" at his partner;
38.5;?;Tremlett to Harris, no run forced out towards cover point, where there is a slight misfield ... but not enough to warrant chancing a single upon;
38.4;?;Tremlett to Harris, no run Harris has an airy swish outside off, and is lucky not to get an edge on this;
38.3;?;Tremlett to Harris, no run seaming in to thump into the front pad this time, but that's too high and heading down the leg side too;
38.2;?;Tremlett to Harris, no run Tremlett straightens his line and pulls the length back a touch, Harris stays at the crease to defend;
38.1;3;Tremlett to Siddle, 3 runs long half volley from Tremlett to start, and it's slapped through the covers by Australia's No. 10;
37.6;?;Anderson to Harris, no run left alone quietly outside off stump. It's been all England since lunch and they can reward themselves with a drink. Liam will be here after the break;
37.5;?;Anderson to Harris, no run England have barely bowled any short balls this innings, very good discipline, Harris blocks another full delivery;
37.4;?;Anderson to Harris, no run left alone studiously outside off stump;
37.3;?;Anderson to Harris, no run umpire Dar has called this a dead ball, much to Harris's annoyance because an inswinger clipped the thigh and ran away for four, but Harris was so late on the attempted nurdle that Dar thought he hadn't played a shot;
37.2;?;Anderson to Harris, no run first sledge of the day from Anderson, probably deserves to as well, lovely ball zips past the edge;
37.1;4;Anderson to Harris, FOUR runs four for Harris, I'm not sure he knew much about it, just swished across the line, got a top edge that sailed over the slips down to the third man rope;
36.6;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run has it carried? Don't think it has, Swann, who collected the edge, wasn't sure. Bresnan found the outside edge as Siddle pushed outside off stump, went very low and probably carried to Swann, but on replay these things are rarely given out;
36.5;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run Siddle corrects himself after the last delivery by leaving alone;
36.4;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run push and a miss outside off, bit of a tailender prod there;
36.3;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run having gone leg side once Bresnan makes sure this is outside off stump;
36.2;4;Bresnan to Siddle, FOUR runs rare bad ball from Bresnan and Siddle takes full toll, nothing expansive, just a leg-stump line tickled down to fine leg for four;
36.1;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run Bresnan goes full and straight and Siddle defends;
35.6;?;Anderson to Harris, no run good delivery to finish the over, swinging in and Harris defends carefully;
35.5;?;Anderson to Harris, no run Harris this time watches the line outside off stump and leaves well alone;
35.4;1;Anderson to Siddle, 1 run big cheer as Siddle gets one, working down to fine leg for a single;
35.3;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run you can always expect a scrap from Siddle, here he leaves alone outside off stump. Sounds obvious, but his colleagues haven't managed it;
35.2;W;Anderson to Johnson, OUT Anderson has his man! Johnson's gone for a duck, this is a cracking delivery, seams away off a full length, finds the edge and Prior has his fourth catch;Mitchell Johnson c ?Prior b Anderson 0 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
35.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run Johnson surely has to have a go now, but he won't reach this, slid down the leg side;
34.6;?;Bresnan to Harris, no run Bresnan locates an off-stump line and Harris somehow jabs a bat down on time, another maiden from Bresnan but this time with the added sauce of wicket;
34.5;W;Bresnan to Haddin, OUT Bresnan has another and Haddin has gifted him this, flat-footed waft of a drive, flicked the edge and went through to Strauss. Pretty miserable stuff this from the home side;Brad Haddin c Strauss b Bresnan 5 (23m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
34.4;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run Bresnan's hard work is rewarded with an outside edge, but it runs along the ground to point;
34.3;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run swing for Bresnan, plenty of it but from the hand, swing from Haddin too as he drives to point;
34.2;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run good delivery here, just enough away nibble to make Haddin's drive uncertain;
34.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run Haddin is a wanton driver, just can't resist it, and why would he when he plays the shot so well? Sadly for him, he finds a diving Ian Bell at short cover here;
33.6;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run careful defence from Johnson to end a fine, fine over;
33.5;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run but here Anderson finds a length, line and a defensive blade before spinning on his heels and marching back to his mark. 'Can't talk now, I have wickets to take';
33.4;W;Anderson to Clarke, OUT brilliant bowling from Anderson, he's just worked Clarke over with consistent, probing away swing and this time it finds the edge, Clarke pushing at the ball, feathered edge and Prior collects the simple chance. Australia in total disarray;Michael Clarke c ?Prior b Anderson 20 (89m 54b 2x4 0x6) SR: 37.03;
33.3;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Anderson has settled into a perfect groove and Clarke can do nothing but defend;
33.2;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run this time Clarke reverts back to leaving the ball;
33.1;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run touch loose again from Clarke, just flinging his arms at this outside off, comes off an inside edge and runs to mid-on;
32.6;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run clipped firmly to mid-on, no run but the sort of shot that should settle the frazzled Australian nerves;
32.5;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run pushed into the off side;
32.4;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run very firm and classy drive straight back down the ground, Bresnan tumbles inelegantly but saves runs as he fields;
32.3;3;Bresnan to Clarke, 3 runs ooh, iffy drive from Clarke, just throwing his hands at some width outside off, it flew wide of Morgan at point who leapt in classic salmon fashion but just couldn't reach it;
32.2;2;Bresnan to Clarke, 2 runs nicely played here, banged in short and Clarke's pull shot was controlled down to midwicket for a couple;
32.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Atherton on Sky has used another Bresnan euphemism "English type seamer" - and the gritty Yorkshireman finds a length, a line and a careful defence;
31.6;1;Anderson to Clarke, 1 run yorker attempted, doesn't quite get it full enough and Clarke flicks it down to Tremlett at fine leg;
31.5;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run fuller and attacking the stumps, Clarke very studious in defence back to the bowler;
31.4;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run enough width to give Clarke the luxury of a leave;
31.3;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run lovely delivery, Anderson swinging it this way and that, not sure Clarke knows which way it's going, this bends in and crashes into the inner thigh;
31.2;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run this is a touch outside off stump and Clarke wants nothing to do with it;
31.1;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run Clarke has an eager, head-over-the-ball way about him at the moment, and he pushes to mid-off and screams "waiiit on";
30.6;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run fuller and straighter from Bresnan and it earns him his fifth maiden in 10 overs, fine work from him;
30.5;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run this time Haddin leaves alone, almost to punish himself for the previous shot;
30.4;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run swing from the bowler, swing from the batsman, not a great shot, just a waft outside off stump;
30.3;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run lovely delivery this, fuller length and Bresnan finds some away movement, sneaks past a nervy push from Haddin;
30.2;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run Bresnan offers a bit of hit-me width, but Haddin is prepared to get his eye in and leave alone;
30.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run straight ball meets a very straight bat, Haddin timing a defensive block perfectly to mid-on;
29.6;?;Anderson to Clarke, no run careful and calm defence from Clarke to finish another wicket-taking over;
29.5;1;Anderson to Haddin, 1 run Haddin is on his way straight away, driving sweetly wide of mid-off, Haddin has a way of getting under England's skin, his way is quite simple actually, score runs and tell the England boys all about every one of them;
29.4;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs edged straight away, but Haddin gets four, big gap between second slip and gully and this runs along the ground straight through it to the third man rope;
29.3;W;Anderson to Smith, OUT Smith gone now, always looked a matter of time, pushed very hard at this outside off, touch of nibble away off the pitch found the edge and Prior did the rest;Steven Smith c ?Prior b Anderson 6 (18m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
29.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run outside off stump this time, Smith is sensible enough to leave alone;
29.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run ooh, England have no reviews left, if they did you reckon Strauss would be all over it here, inswinger from Anderson traps Smith on the crease, big inside edge though;
28.6;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run another maiden, good work from Bresnan, Clarke's defence is solid;
28.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run careful, head-over-ball defiance from Clarke;
28.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Bresnan finds a fuller length for the first time since lunch, but also locates the middle of Clarke's defensive blade;
28.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run this is left alone outside off stump;
28.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run splice-hitting length and line, no real danger for Clarke;
28.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Bresnan bustles up to the crease, and hits the bat hard, he's a euphemism type of bowler;
27.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run nicely driven but straight to cover, another maiden for Anderson;
27.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run waa? This almost went through the stumps! Smith leaves alone and watches in horror as the ball snakes back and goes just over the top of middle;
27.4;?;Anderson to Smith, no run this time Anderson's length is wrong - too short - and the line it a touch wide as well;
27.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run good judgement sees this left well alone outside off;
27.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Smith has a good eye and looks like he has good hands too, makes up for a quirky technique, he defends here with his hands way away from his body;
27.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run nothing back of a length from Anderson, he's on the lookout for swing, and finds some here, late and back into Smith, who gets nowhere near this and it thuds him on the pads;
26.6;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run solid, sturdy defence to finish the over, again it's a touch too short from Bresnan to be a wicket-taking length;
26.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run word from the Australian camp is that the pitch is a bit two paced, which sounds like a bad excuse for 4 for 66, but this sticks in the track a bit and means Clarke's defence is slightly airy to mid-off;
26.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run touch too short from Bresnan, but if his job is to defend than back of a length is the best option, Clarke gets into a good position, right behind the ball, to defend;
26.3;3;Bresnan to Smith, 3 runs lovely shot for three here, gets the slightest bit of width outside off and punches a back-foot drive through extra cover;
26.2;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run this keeps a fraction low, Smith was hanging back which made the whole thing look even more dangerous, as it was he defended quite securely;
26.1;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run Smith as usual gets into a funny position to defend a length ball, but does so well;
25.6;2;Anderson to Clarke, 2 runs neatly played by Clarke this time, flicking to leg with a touch more grace than Smith managed for a couple more;
25.5;3;Anderson to Smith, 3 runs Smith is away, and in some style too, driving crisply square of the wicket on the off side, the outfield is as slow as a Turkish arthouse film so Smith doesn't get the boundary he deserves;
25.4;?;Anderson to Smith, no run full and straight on the resumption from Anderson, Smith flicks to leg, looking like a man who's wandered out to the middle from a bar, odd style but this was firmly played;
25.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run and this one curves away to tease the outside edge of Smith's bat first ball!;
25.2;W;Anderson to Hussey, OUT edged! Anderson strikes straight away, and what a delivery to do it with. Landing on middle and off and shooting towards the slips, the length was full and Hussey was drawn into the drive, getting a good, healthy edge that flies through to Prior;Michael Hussey c ?Prior b Anderson 8 (44m 41b 1x4 0x6) SR: 19.51;
25.1;?;Anderson to Hussey, no run loosener to start, curving away from Hussey who leaves alone;
24.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke keeps his weight back and aims a delicate late cut through gully, but a diving Pietersen cuts it off;
24.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run and again, he doesn't quite get to the pitch but does enough to smother the spin;
24.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke uses his feet once again, pushing the ball back to the bowler;
24.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this time Clarke stays very deep in the crease, defending behind square on the off side;
24.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run again he's down the track, tapping to mid-on this time;
24.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke makes his intentions to the offspinner clear straight away, dancing down the track and driving hard to cover;
23.6;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run and - surprise, surprise - an exemplary leave to finish the over;
23.5;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run Bresnan attacks the stumps, but the bat comes down in vertical defence;
23.4;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run fuller, but wider again and Hussey wisely has nothing to do with it;
23.3;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run left on length this time, just too short there;
23.2;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run Bresnan straightens his line but Hussey is watchful in defence, bristling with nerdish intensity even as he defends;
23.1;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run pushed right across Hussey from over the wicket, landing outside off and going even further and there's no way he's going to play at that;
22.6;1;Swann to Hussey, 1 run slipping just down the leg side, and it's tickled round the corner for a single;
22.5;?;Swann to Hussey, no run Hussey stretches out to smother this one;
22.4;?;Swann to Hussey, no run this time the batsman uses his feet, getting nicely to the pitch and whipping to midwicket ... but straight to the fielder, who immediately fires in a return to have Hussey hurrying back to the crease;
22.3;?;Swann to Hussey, no run speared in much quicker through the air, and rushing on with the arm. Defended by Hussey;
22.2;?;Swann to Hussey, no run pitching slightly wider of off and kicked away by Hussey. That seemed to grip just a touch, definitely something there;
22.1;?;Swann to Hussey, no run darting this one in at off stump to start, and Hussey leans forward to defend right under the nose;
21.6;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run landing on off stump this time, and fuller too. Clarke defends into the off side;
21.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run this one comes back in off the seam, but it lands quite wide once again and he leaves safely enough;
21.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run identical ball, and the response from the batsman is the same too;
21.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run on a length but just too wide to have Clarke playing;
21.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run was that held back a touch by Bresnan? It looked like it may have been the leg cutter. Defended to extra cover;
21.1;4;Bresnan to Clarke, FOUR runs shot! Full on middle and off, and Clarke leans into a cracking straight drive;
20.6;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run rare play and a miss from Hussey! First error in judgement he's made today. He might have left this as well, but just thrust the bat out at it with his weight back;
20.5;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run and pitch it up he does. Hussey is caught at the crease as he defends, but the ball pings off a defensive blade;
20.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run Tremlett has got to pitch it up here, fourth leave in four for Hussey;
20.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run left alone once more, this one really went off the seam back in to Hussey. Left on length, as that shot over middle and off;
20.2;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run again Tremlett pushes this just too far from off to get Hussey playing. The ball does swing back in through the air, but only really once it has passed him;
20.1;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run yet another studied leave from Hussey, he could do this all day;
19.6;4;Bresnan to Clarke, FOUR runs in the air, but in the gap between slip and gully! That flew off the bat as he threw himself into a cut, and went fast and possibly too high to be caught anyway. Either way, it brings up Australia's 50;
19.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run similar ball, this time Clarke pushes the bat out at it to send the ball towards backward point;
19.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Bresnan invites the drive outside off this time, but Clarke won't be tempted and leaves well alone;
19.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Clarke steps forward, looking for the on-drive, but he's not to the pitch of it and a thick inside edge rolls to mid-on;
19.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run this one comes in off the seam slightly after pitching on a length and straight, Clarke nudges into the leg side;
19.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run dug in very short on off stump, Clarke ducks quickly underneath it;
18.6;2;Tremlett to Hussey, 2 runs another testing delivery, curving back in to the pads through the air and nudged into the leg side at midwicket;
18.5;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run Tremlett attacks the stumps and immediately appears a far more dangerous prospect ... ball thumps into pad as Hussey lunges forward, but there's a massive inside edge involved;
18.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run Tremlett errs slightly in line, and Hussey shoulders arms to one outside off;
18.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run Tremlett pulls the length back to get the ball popping up towards Hussey's ribs, but the batsman rides the bounce to play the ball straight down on the leg side;
18.2;1lb;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 leg bye off the pad and trickling down to short fine leg, and they're through for a leg bye;
18.1;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run probing length from Tremlett, this would've crashed into the off stump had Clarke not jammed down to defend it;
17.6;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run landing short of a length on off and going further off the seam, Hussey is quite happy to leave;
17.5;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run fuller still, but nice and straight once more and Hussey is slightly squared up as he defends to off;
17.4;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run that's better, on a length and straight and Hussey is drawn into a hurried defence;
17.3;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run yet another harmless delivery is easily left by Hussey. England need to get him playing early on;
17.2;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run bad line from Bresnan, on the toes and flicked to fine leg;
17.1;2;Bresnan to Clarke, 2 runs neatly punched between mid-off and cover by Clarke, the ball is pulled up well short of the rope but that was a confident stroke. Pushed through the gap on the up;
16.6;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run and another watchful leave to end the over;
16.5;4;Tremlett to Hussey, FOUR runs it appears not! Tremlett dishes up a gift on off stump, and Hussey drives a long half-volley to the extra cover boundary. He looks in good touch;
16.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run again Tremlett pushes one across him, just short of a good length. Left again. Is Hussey being set up for the one that comes back into the pads?;
16.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run slanted even wider across the batsman, no need to play at that;
16.2;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run well-left. Hussey's leaving was a feature of his innings at Perth - even catching Geoffrey Boycott's eye - and he's shown good judgement so far today;
16.1;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run full and aimed right at off stump, Hussey punches defensively to cover;
15.6;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run tempting line outside off, but Clarke opts for caution and leaves alone;
15.5;1;Bresnan to Hussey, 1 run neatly tucked down to fine leg;
15.4;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run half an appeal from Bresnan as ball ricochets off pad once again ... but Aleem Dar says no, and England have no reviews. Probably going down, by the looks of the replay. Late swing in to the left-hander there;
15.3;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run full on off stump, Hussey leans forward into a solid defence;
15.2;1;Bresnan to Clarke, 1 run tapped just to gully's right, and Clarke is called through for a tight single ... the throw at the non-striker's end is wide though, and Clarke is off the mark;
15.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run nibbling away off the seam, Clarke steps across and shoulders arms;
14.6;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run emotive appeal from Tremlett as he goes fuller and straighter and Hussey is rapped on the back pad. And Strauss asks for a review ... but that's going over the top. It him him well above the knee-roll. And England have used up all their reviews for this innings;
14.5;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run that's well-judged once again, Hussey leaving on length this time. The ball pitched and seamed back in to him, but was short enough to be safely left alone;
14.4;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run and he follows that up with a judicious leave, stepping across to off stump and letting this one past;
14.3;?;Tremlett to Hussey, no run solid defence from Hussey first up;
14.2;W;Tremlett to Ponting, OUT gone! Tremlett strikes again, what a delivery. Spitting off a length and going away off the seam, Ponting is rooted to the crease and pushes at the delivery. A thick edge flies straight to Graeme Swann;Ricky Ponting c Swann b Tremlett 10 (52m 38b 2x4 0x6) SR: 26.31;
14.1;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run chopped down to gully, Ponting riding the bounce on a back-of-a-length delivery;
13.6;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run short from Bresnan, but that's much too short to bother Clarke and he's easily underneath it;
13.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Bresnan pulls the length slightly shorter, Clarke blocks under his eyes into the off side;
13.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Clarke is getting into line with increasing confidence, and defends towards mid-off this time;
13.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run leaning forward in defence from deep in the crease, Clarke defends back to the bowler;
13.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run nervy start for Clarke, who is neither forward nor back as he drops a defensive stroke towards cover;
13.1;W;Bresnan to Hughes, OUT Bresnan has his first Ashes wicket and Hughes has gone. Full and wide, inviting a slash but Hughes didn't get enough of it, instead the edge flew straight to Pietersen who made no mistake in the gully;Phillip Hughes c Pietersen b Bresnan 16 (59m 32b 2x4 0x6) SR: 50;
12.6;4;Anderson to Ponting, FOUR runs short again, pulled again, four again! Fantastic stuff from Ponting, he's earned a big cheer from the crowd and rightly so, Anderson only a touch short and Ponting was all over him;
12.5;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run solid and sturdy defence this time, almost as emphatic as the pull shot;
12.4;4;Anderson to Ponting, FOUR runs that's an even better sign! Really good shot this, Anderson was only a fraction short and Ponting eased into a classic Ponting pull shot, in front of square for four;
12.3;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run good signs for Ponting here, leaving alone the sort of delivery close to off stump that he fences at very early in his innings normally;
12.2;3;Anderson to Hughes, 3 runs more runs for Hughes, he's dangerous when he has room outside off, throws his arms at it, playing it well and only the snail-like outfield prevents four;
12.1;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Hughes looks a touch hurried but he's getting into good positions to defend now;
11.6;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run good hustle from Bresnan, finds an off-stump line just short of a good length and Ponting defends;
11.5;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run up and around off stump, touch too wide to interest Ponting, who leaves alone expansively;
11.4;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run full and straight, Ponting jabs out a defence and Bresnan fields smartly off his own bowling;
11.3;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run this time the line is awry, shoved well down leg;
11.2;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run definite swing for Bresnan early on, starts a touch too wide though and Ponting can leave comfortably;
11.1;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run good start from Bresnan, finds the length and line that he's in the side to bowl, and Ponting defends;
10.6;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Anderson has bowled very well this spell but still has no rewards as Hughes defends well;
10.5;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run touch of inswing finds a hopping Hughes in defence, Hughes does enjoy a hop though;
10.4;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run very firm in defence now, Hughes has his movements in better order now that he's been in for a while;
10.3;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run massive appeal and a review from England! They thought they had Hughes out caught down the leg side but replays showed it brushed nothing but a shirt, so England lose a review;
10.2;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Anderson will begin to curse his luck how, Hughes defends and the ball bobbles back and bounces just over the top of the stumps;
10.1;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run the sun is out in Melbourne now but Anderson is still finding some movement and Hughes defends carefully;
9.6;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run massive appeal from Tremlett as he lands a fuller ball that traps Ponting on the pad, it was heading over and missing leg though so England were right not to review;
9.5;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run ooh, extra bounce has Ponting hopping in defence, the ball then trickles back just the off stump;
9.4;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run much better ball, fuller and straighter and Ponting defends in a hurry;
9.3;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run touch short, and again this is angling past the leg stump, Ponting aims a pull shot but doesn't connect;
9.2;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run this time Tremlett reverts to the outside off-stump attack and it's left alone;
9.1;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run wrong line again, sliding down the leg side;
9.1;5nb;Tremlett to Ponting, (no ball) Tremlett angles one down the leg side, no ball too, and it slips off the thigh pad for a boundary;
8.6;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run worked firmly off the hip but straight to Cook at short leg who aims a throw back to the stumps;
8.5;1lb;Anderson to Ponting, 1 leg bye this time Anderson jumps wider of the crease and angles it in before swinging it away, the bowler was probably looking for too much though and it thuds off the pads for a single;
8.4;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run snorter, absolute beauty from Anderson here, pitch on a length and went like a legbreak past the outside edge;
8.3;1;Anderson to Hughes, 1 run nicely done from Hughes, good intent here, looking for an attacking offside stroke, the late swing meant he couldn't free his arms but still picked up a single towards cover;
8.2;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Hughes looked like he wanted to leave this but saw some late swing and poked at it uneasily;
8.1;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run plenty of nip and nibble about, this swings late into Hughes who gets into an awkward position in defence;
7.6;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run movement back into the batsman raps Ponting on the thigh as he leaves alone, ends an excellent over;
7.5;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run good solid defence from Ponting, gets all of this and it trickles towards cover;
7.4;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run Tremlett is really steaming in here, but when the line is like this - fired down the leg side - it's pointless;
7.3;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run ah lovely length and line, Ponting doesn't want to get forward to a 10ft bowler, who would? But get forward he does, just about and late and it finds the outer half of the bat in defence;
7.2;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run good length finds a touch of extra bounce and Ponting jabs to short leg, playing on the hop a touch;
7.1;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run big appeal from Tremlett, less from behind the stumps as Ponting is struck flush on the pads outside off stump. Umpire Dar wasn't interested;
6.6;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run solid, defiant defence from Hughes to end the over, really willing himself forward and into line;
6.5;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run very smartly taken from Prior down the leg side here, Anderson got his line wrong and it just flicked Hughes's thigh, made it very difficult for Prior collecting on the half-volley but he did so with ease;
6.4;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Anderson has been luckless this morning, this is a beauty that nips away off the seam, past a dangling outside edge on its way to Prior;
6.3;1;Anderson to Ponting, 1 run angled into Ponting this time and he works a much more secure single into the midwicket region;
6.2;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run this is an outswinger and Ponting has nothing to do with it;
6.1;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run inswinger from Anderson, just showing Ponting he has one, comes in a long way from outside off but quite early and Ponting can line up a defence;
5.6;1;Tremlett to Ponting, 1 run ooh, mix up between the batsman and if Cook's throw had hit from backwards short leg Hughes would have gone! Ponting nudged it just wide of Cook who scampered after it and the batsmen eventually decided on a single that was never there, fortunately for them, Cook missed;
5.5;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run good length and line from Tremlett but Ponting is secure in defence, turning this to short leg who fields and shapes to throw all in one movement;
5.4;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run good delivery here, on and around off stump on a length, Ponting defends busily and marches down the wicket for some gardening;
5.3;1;Tremlett to Hughes, 1 run worked away around the corner for a single to fine leg;
5.2;?;Tremlett to Hughes, no run bouncer, very short indeed and Hughes could have stood still to leave, as it was he ducked;
5.1;?;Tremlett to Hughes, no run ah, another snorter here and Tremlett follows through a long way to smile at Hughes, this leapt off a length and climbed past the outside edge;
4.6;?;Anderson to Ponting, no run Ponting gets firmly behind a defiant defensive block to cover;
4.5;1;Anderson to Hughes, 1 run neatly tucked around the corner for a single to get off strike and begin another round of the Anderson v Ponting battle;
4.4;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run nicely played here, Hughes drops this into the covers off the back foot, looks for a single but the fielders rush in in a hurry;
4.3;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run ideal delivery from Anderson, full, swinging in late and Hughes gets in a tangle as he defends, luckily for him an inside edge prevented drama;
4.2;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run Hughes tucks this to short leg to defend;
4.1;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run definite swing here, the clouds have come over the ground, which will make Jimmy smile, this swings down the leg side though and Prior collects;
3.6;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run this is close to off stump but Ponting's judgement is sound enough to let it go by. Good over, wicket maiden;
3.5;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run that's just about the perfect delivery for Tremlett, finding extra bounce from a fullish length, Ponting defends well but whips his bottom hand off the bat as he does so;
3.4;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run oh great take from Prior flying to his left down the leg side, Tremlett fired it in short, Ponting had a flap at it but didn't connect;
3.3;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run gets an early sighter, just what he wants a few of, outside off stump, touch of extra bounce, Ponting leaves alone expansively;
3.2;W;Tremlett to Watson, OUT third time lucky for England, Tremlett strikes with a cracker of a delivery, climbed from a length and rapped the glove, it looped gently to gully, simple enough chance for England to finally hold one;Shane Watson c Pietersen b Tremlett 5 (14m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
3.1;?;Tremlett to Watson, no run touch of extra pace here, forces Watson back and beats the attempted work-to-leg, crashes into the thigh;
2.6;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run touch of inswing to the left-hander, Hughes plays around his front pad and can't quite connect;
2.5;?;Anderson to Hughes, no run ooh, edgy defence from Hughes, gets tucked up again with a shortish ball and fends off towards short leg;
2.4;3;Anderson to Watson, 3 runs full and swinging, (like a Christmas party?), Watson drives firmly, without quite timing it well enough to get four;
2.3;?;Anderson to Watson, no run this time Watson lands a very solid defence, clunking forward on the front foot;
2.2;?;Anderson to Watson, no run beaten this time outside off stump, touch of away swing past the outside edge;
2.1;2;Anderson to Watson, 2 runs dropped! Watson gets another life, Pietersen this time has put down a straightforward chance, it was short and wide, Watson flashed a cut that flew quickly at around head height to Pietersen who got two hands to it, but it burst through;
1.6;?;Tremlett to Hughes, no run left alone outside off, the ball barely reaches Prior who has to collect low down, ends a lively first over for Hughes;
1.5;?;Tremlett to Hughes, no run good comeback from Tremlett, touch of extra bounce and tucks Hughes up in defence;
1.4;4;Tremlett to Hughes, FOUR runs four more! What a start this is. Tremlett floats up a fuller ball and Hughes climbs all over it, thrashing through the covers for another boundary;
1.3;2;Tremlett to Hughes, 2 runs more runs, Tremlett goes fuller, in search of some swing, Hughes eases it wide of mid-on for a couple;
1.2;4;Tremlett to Hughes, FOUR runs shot! Good stuff from Hughes, I think this is how he has to play, gets a fraction of width and smashes past point for four;
1.1;?;Tremlett to Hughes, no run Tremlett starts well, finding the right length, the line is slightly too wide though and Hughes gets a sighter first up;
0.6;?;Anderson to Watson, no run ooh, closer to off stump and left alone. Ends an eventful first over, Strauss will be relieved to have seen the swing first up;
0.5;?;Anderson to Watson, no run edged and it looks like it's carried to Collingwood at third slip, dropped, dramatic start, perfect delivery, full and swinging away late, found a thickish edge that flew low to Collingwood's left but he couldn't hold on;
0.4;?;Anderson to Watson, no run touch too short from the bowler, allows Watson to survey the bounce outside off stump;
0.3;?;Anderson to Watson, no run again some swing, nothing dramatic and Watson lines it up early enough to leave comfortably;
0.2;?;Anderson to Watson, no run more action here, Anderson goes full in search of swing, finds some and Watson flashes a drive, connecting firmly but only to find Bell who fields smartly at point. The fielder earns plenty of pats and cheers for his efforts, betrays the nerves out there;
0.1;?;Anderson to Watson, no run touch of swing first up, but no great pace by the looks of things, Watson lets it go by outside off stump;

Anderson will start with the new ball, three slips and gully in place. Watson to face...
10.30am Thanks Liam. The first hour clich? could not ring much truer. Plenty of pressure on Jimmy Anderson, Chris Tremlett and the Ashes newcomer Tim Bresnan with Strauss's decision to bowl first. What juice there is in the wicket will evaporate soon and England would probably want three inroads before lunch. Australia's top order has faltered through the series, it will be fascinating to watch how Phillip Hughes approaches this. Before the serious action, there's this: "Beer still on ice then?" chuckles Rohan. The man is a headline-writer's dream.
10.20am Adding to the grand sense of occasion on show, the teams line up for the anthems. Stirring stuff. Big crowd in now, and play is under 10 minutes away. And on that note, here's Sahil to take you through the first hour.
Patrick thinks Strauss may have erred in his decision to bowl: "Johnson's spell in Perth has coloured Englands thinking. They should have batted 1st."
"England obviously feel they have the Australian batting lineups - bar Hussey - measure and want to rub it in," reckons Michael G. "A poor first hour from Aus and they may spend the next 5 days trying to rescue a draw."
10.05am Here's a stat from our Switch Hit friend Lawrence Booth: "Last eight captains to win toss here have batted, but four of them won and four lost." So, that clears up any uncertainty.
10.00am Strauss calls heads, England have won the toss and will bowl first. What's more, it's confirmed that Tim Bresnan comes in for Steven Finn. Australia field an unchanged team, Punter says he wasn't sure what he was going to do first thing this morning - his instinct told him bat, but with the grass and moisture in the wicket the bowlers are likely to control proceedings for at least the first hour, if not session.
9.38am What to do upon winning the toss? Nasser Hussain, Shane Warne and Sir Ian have been looking at the wicket, which has patches of green and patches of dry turf. "If it seams, it spins," reckons Shane, who thinks this pitch will take turn and may become slightly two-paced. The new ball will be crucial, it appears, with the wicket likely to settle out thereafter and the spinner coming into the game later on.
How the wicket might play also bring up questions about team selection. Do Australia pick Beer? Will England rest Finn? How important will a spinner be on this surface? Only one finger-spinner has taken five wickets at the MCG in the last 29 Tests played there. Can anyone guess who?
9.35am For the first time today, here's Andrew Miller with an update from the ground: "Definite buzz of excitement. Streams of people making their way to the 'G as I walked in from town this morning. Lovely day for it too. Not too hot, not too cold."
9.15am Hello one and all and a very merry Christmas to all those celebrating. For those in the UK, the Boxing Day Test is normally a case of supping the dregs of Christmas grog, laying into the lunchtime leftovers and dozing off to the routine sight of Australia pummelling some hapless visiting team... This time, it's different.
After England's total dominance at Adelaide the Ashes ignited dramatically at Perth and suddenly we're level as we head towards the finish line. The headline story - 1-1 with two to play - is exciting enough but all kinds of intrigue lurk in the smaller narratives. Will it be Mitch the terrifying or Mitch the terrified? Does captain Ponting have another great innings left in him? Can Collingwood eek out one final defiance? Is Anderson fully fit? Is Finn knackered? And most fascinatingly, who can withstand the pressure of the 90,000-seater cauldron?
I'm Sahil Dutta and I, together with the esteemed Liam Brickhill, will be bringing you all the ball-by-ball action throughout the Test. The great Andrews, Miller and McGlashan are at the ground alongside the deceptively-named Australian, Peter English. What's more Brydon Coverdale, who wrote this stirring preview will be providing bulletins at the end of each session.
 Innings Start
Lunch So, finally Australia work their way through England's line-up. One man they didn't get past is Jonathan Trott, who finishes with a majestic, unbeaten 168. Siddle bowled with real heart and finishes with a deserved 6 for 75, but England have a lead of 415 - which is, as Miller points out, an Ashes record margin for a team batting second - and Australia will have to bat for about two and half days to save this match.
Once again, don't forget to join Andrew Miller and Peter English, that erudite and eloquent pair, to discuss this Test during the lunch break. Send your questions in to chatterbox@cricinfo.com
During the interval be sure to entertain yourselves with our 2010 review specials. Plenty of fun there.
"Praveen Singh is forgetting about Hauritz who has made 2 centuries in his last 2 state test matches and a 50 in his last state ODI as well as taken quite a few wickets. Why is he off the cards?" Who knows, Bryce. For some reason they've felt they can't pick him.
Paul Taylor is of a slightly different opinion: "In reply to Praveen. Australia do have a good spinner to pick - Steve O'Keefe. Unfortunately Shane Warne hasn't suggested picking him so the selectors can't - I think it's Australian law."
"Hauritz in, Ponting out," suggests Arjun. "love yah Ricky but my vote is for Hauritz to return as full time spinner & captain," agrees Andy Sowter. "Plus with his current form with the bat he can slot in at No. 3."
"It's not only the lack of quality spinner, a concern for Aussies," adds Madhavan Kalyan. "In the absence of Simon Katich, the technique of Phil Hughes is being cruelly exposed. Why isn't the likes of Phil Jacques and Mark Cosgrove not even being mentioned by the media?"
"You guys are underestimating Punter a lot," reckons Srikanth. "I am so sure that he will deliver in the second innings with a century and more. I just placed a bet on him scoring a century with a friend and the loser needs to run in the buff in public." Let's hope it doesn't come to that, at least for the sake of any witnesses to this 'event'.
"What happened to Jason Krezja?" asks Avinash. "That guy picked up loads of wickets against India on his debut. Did Shane Warne not like him too?" Krejza joins a list of spinners to have followed in Warne's footsteps and struggled, as this article by Steven Lynch describes.
159.1;W;Siddle to Anderson, OUT and Siddle gets a six-for on his home ground! Full, straight and reversing away from the left-hander's defensive push to peg the off stump back;James Anderson b Siddle 1 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
158.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Anderson, 1 run too straight from Hilfenhaus, nudged down to fine leg;
158.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Anderson, no run wide, and left once again;
158.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Anderson, no run pushed much wider across the left-hander, and now we see Anderson's leave. It has neither the trimmed down efficiency of Trott's, nor the confident pomp of Pietersen's but effective enough as leaves go;
158.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Anderson, no run short and rising into the ribs, Anderson hops to defend to leg;
158.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Anderson, no run back of a length and angling across, landing on leg stump and defended to off;
158.1;W;Hilfenhaus to Tremlett, OUT Hilfenhaus gets another! Full, straight and reversing in enough to beat the inside edge of Tremlett's defensive poke and smash into middle stump;Chris Tremlett b Hilfenhaus 4 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
157.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run full and aimed right at the off stump, Trott gives himself some room and flays a drive but finds the cover fielder;
157.5;3;Siddle to Tremlett, 3 runs short of a good length and wide of off stump once again, steered down past gully and down to third man for a couple. That was quite a short ball but played practically on the front foot by the lofty Trem';
157.4;?;Siddle to Tremlett, no run another leave from Tremlett, he's got just over 15 minutes to survive until lunch;
157.3;?;Siddle to Tremlett, no run fuller from Siddle, but wide enough to warrant another leave from Tremlett. He looks a decent No. 10;
157.2;?;Siddle to Tremlett, no run legcutter from Siddle, jagging away from the bat. Tremlett exhibits his leave;
157.1;?;Siddle to Tremlett, no run reversing in on a good length, but Tremlett bends down low and presents the full face of the bat in defence;
156.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run Trott backs away as Hilfenhaus arrives at the crease, but is beaten outside off as he slashes at a wide one;
156.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run good length from Hilfenhaus, defended to cover;
156.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Tremlett, 1 run testing yorker to start, Tremlett jabs the bat down just in time and a thick inside edge goes between his legs and down on the leg side;
156.3;W;Hilfenhaus to Swann, OUT what a catch! The crowd were quiet for a good few seconds before they realised a wicket had actually just fallen. Banged in short again by Hilfenhaus, Swann hooks and a thick edge flew fast and straight and looked to be going over Haddin's head ... but he timed his salmon-leap to perfection and got both hands to it;Graeme Swann c ?Haddin b Hilfenhaus 22 (51m 28b 3x4 0x6) SR: 78.57;
156.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Swann, 2 runs the effort ball from Hilfenhaus, banged into the pitch and rising on Swann, who pulls out to deep square;
156.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run flat-footed swish outside off from Swann, unsurprisingly he gets nowhere near it;
155.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run nipping in through the air and off the seam, tapped defensively to mid-on;
155.5;?;Siddle to Trott, no run definite reverse here, on a fiery yorker! That's a superb delivery, but if Trott is anything he's 'in' and spots it early to dig it out;
155.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle charges in and sends one down full and wide, Trott toe-ends the drive and the ball goes nowhere;
155.3;1;Siddle to Swann, 1 run just short of a good length outside off, bunted into the off side field;
155.2;1;Siddle to Trott, 1 run this one hits the seam and goes the other way, tapped into the covers for one. Already there seems more life in the pitch;
155.1;?;Siddle to Trott, no run very full, and with a hint of reverse in to the batsman to start. Dug out to point;
154.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run good line, tucking Swann up a touch as he defends into the covers;
154.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 run cracked into the off side to rotate the strike;
154.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run a miscued pull goes straight up in the air! But falls right in between all the converging fielders. It almost fell onto the non-striker's stumps, Hilfenhaus tried to turn in his follow-through, mid-on and mid-off rushed in and no-one could get there. That's got to be demoralising...;
154.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run dropped down defensively on the off side;
154.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run much fuller, again Trott finds the fielder as he drives to mid-on;
154.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run short, and wide enough to invite the forcing shot through the off side. The ball goes straight to point, however;
153.6;?;Johnson to Swann, no run fuller, flapped into the leg side with plenty of bottom hand but straight to the man at wide mid-on;
153.5;?;Johnson to Swann, no run back of a length, dropped close in on the leg side and they briefly think about a cheeky single;
153.4;1;Johnson to Trott, 1 run short, with a hint of width that is increased by the angle of delivery, tapped to cover point for one;
153.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run tapped rather more safely along the ground to mid-off this time;
153.2;2;Johnson to Trott, 2 runs has this just plugged in the pitch? It certainly wasn't the slower one from Johnson, but Trott was far too early into the drive and the ball flew in the air, but dropping short of mid-off;
153.1;1;Johnson to Swann, 1 run short again from Johnson, hooked down to fine leg and there's the 500;
152.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run and defended to cover point to end the over, another maiden for Hilfenhaus;
152.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run tapped defensively to mid-off;
152.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run again the ball goes to gully, this time with not nearly as much control and Trott takes the bottom hand off the bat as he plays the shot. It is, perhaps, the one area that he's looked vulnerable in. Excellent seam position from Hilfenhaus, but zero swing;
152.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run wide of off stump, tapped down to gully;
152.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run a touch shorter from Hilfenhaus, but still up to the batsman. Trott steps half-forward but stays at the crease to defend once again;
152.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run full of length, in the channel outside off, rock solid defence to cover;
151.6;?;Johnson to Swann, no run just short of a good length, but nice and straight and Swann defends;
151.5;4;Johnson to Swann, FOUR runs cracked over square leg! This wasn't all that short, but Swann picked up the length early and pulled it purposefully over the fielder and down to the boundary;
151.4;1;Johnson to Trott, 1 run fuller, nudged to midwicket for a single;
151.3;2;Johnson to Trott, 2 runs this time he does hook as Johnson sends down another bumper, a controlled stroke races down to fine leg, where a sliding Hilfenhaus does very well to stop the boundary;
151.2;?;Johnson to Trott, no run dug in short and rising over leg stump, Trott walks across and sways out of the way, briefly thinking about the hook;
151.1;3;Johnson to Swann, 3 runs merrily mowed over wide mid-on! It's not pretty but it's effective, pitched up and Swann went for it. A better connection would've brought him a boundary;
150.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run tapped down to gully to finish the over;
150.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 2 runs now this will be runs, Trott shuffles across and flicks through square leg for a couple;
150.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run Trott targets the leg side this time, but doesn't quite execute the shot well enough to get through the field;
150.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run jabbed defensively to point once again;
150.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Trott, FOUR runs driven with purpose and poise through straight mid-off! Wonderful piece of timing on the drive as Trott steps forward and presents the full face of the bat in one fluid motion;
150.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run fullish length half a foot outside off, Trott steps forward and cracks it to point;
149.6;3;Johnson to Trott, 3 runs short and angling in to the ribs, Trott gets across and up on one leg to swivel-pull this down to fine leg. Good, controlled shot;
149.5;?;Johnson to Trott, no run tighter line from Johnson, and Trott is utterly solid in defence;
149.4;3;Johnson to Swann, 3 runs crashed over cover point! Full and wide from round the stumps, Swann steps well forward and scoops this over the off side field;
149.3;?;Johnson to Swann, no run straighter from Johnson, tucked off the hip;
149.2;4;Johnson to Swann, FOUR runs slapped on the up through the off side! Swann doesn't need to worry much about swing from Johnson, and just swings his arms through the line of this wide delivery to send the ball bouncing away to the cover boundary;
149.1;?;Johnson to Swann, no run gun-barrel straight from Johnson, and Swann taps defensively back down the track;
148.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run good delivery outside off stump is met with careful defence meaning that after drinks Swann will be on strike;
148.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run carefully stroked to cover, Australia want to keep Trott at this end;
148.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run once again Hilfenhaus locates the middle of a defensive bat;
148.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run touch of swing back into Trott beats his defence and raps him on the thigh but it was heading over;
148.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run outside off stump and Trott won't play there;
148.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run Hilfenhaus does plenty of things right as a bowler, bit of swing, good lines, good lengths but just seems to find the middle of the bat too often;
147.6;?;Johnson to Swann, no run and again, good over that from Johnson, pushed full and across Swann who aims a nothing sort of push and misses;
147.5;?;Johnson to Swann, no run beaten all ends up, pushed across the right hander and ghosting past the edge;
147.4;4;Johnson to Swann, FOUR runs Johnson drifts down the leg side and Swann gloves a flap at it, sending it hurrying down to the fine leg rope;
147.3;?;Johnson to Swann, no run fuller this time and outside off, Swann shaped to drive but pulled out the shot;
147.2;?;Johnson to Swann, no run sharp bouncer to Swann who hops to try and duck, never understood why batsmen do that, Johnson thinks about a few words before remembering that the scoreboard might not back him up;
147.1;3;Johnson to Trott, 3 runs one day Australia will learn not to bowl to Trott on his pads, until then he'll clip through midwicket happily, timing it well enough to bring up his 150;
146.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run Swann is basically a front-foot driver at the crease, he plays the shot so well but when the ball is back of a length he's not so smart and here the ball zips past the edge;
146.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run hint of extra bouncer here outside off stump, doesn't trouble Swann who pushes to cover;
146.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run touch of indrift to Swann who shaped as if he was about to try something expansive before deciding to defend;
146.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run back of a length this time and Swann stands tall to block;
146.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run pretty well-judged leave this outside off stump, Swann wanted to play but somehow willed himself not to;
146.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Swann, no run bouncer to Swann, generates plenty of jeers and cheers from the crowd as Swann has to jerk out the line in a hurry;
145.6;1lb;Siddle to Swann, 1 leg bye Siddle finds some reverse this time, but the line starts leg side and it flicks the pad and runs down to fine leg;
145.5;?;Siddle to Swann, no run Siddle searches for some reverse with a full length and Swann rocks forward to defend;
145.4;W;Siddle to Bresnan, OUT Siddle has a five! He's really earned that, gets Bresnan with a classic feathered outside edge to a forward push, might have nibbled away off the pitch a fraction;Tim Bresnan c ?Haddin b Siddle 4 (22m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 23.52;
145.3;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run ah, another lovely leave outside off, close to off stump but Bresnan picked the length and left alone;
145.2;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run bouncer this time, Bresnan shapes to duck but doesn't really need to;
145.1;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run significant reverse swing for Siddle here, tailing back into Bresnan, who presents a full face to the ball in defence;
144.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run quiet over ends with more defence. It will be interesting to compare England's seamers with Australia's now that this pitch has flattened out;
144.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run beaten outside off, which won't happen much now that this pitch has settled, Trott had a flat-footed waft outside off and the ball kept a touch low;
144.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run again Trott can easily defend but at least Hilfenhaus's line is good;
144.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run good length and line as always from Hilfenhaus, but just not much devil and Trott can easily defend;
144.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run Trott has a flash at some width outside off stump and picks out Steve Smith at point who collects and throws down the stumps, likeable fellow Smith;
144.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run starts well enough, finding some gentle inswing, Trott shuffles across his stumps and nudges to leg;
143.6;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run excellent over ends with Siddle hitting an off-stump line on a full length forcing Bresnan to defend carefully;
143.5;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run fuller and a touch of indrift finds a squeezed inside edge onto pad, Siddle began an appeal before deciding against it;
143.4;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run decent line from Siddle and a touch of away nibble too, all of which doesn't trouble Bresnan who leaves alone with a flourish;
143.3;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run touch of width outside off and Bresnan unfurls a classical leave;
143.2;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run fullish and straightish again and Bresnan gets half forward to block;
143.1;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run good yorker from Siddle, who is pretty much Australia's barmy one-man army, pounding in like it's the first ball of the series, Bresnan digs it out;
142.6;1;Clarke to Bresnan, 1 run is this Tim Bresnan or VVS Laxman? Who knows! With a flick of the wrists Bresnan turns this to midwicket for a single;
142.5;?;Clarke to Bresnan, no run decent start from Clarke, finding a line around off stump and Bresnan very confidently rocks forward to defend;
142.4;?;Harris to Bresnan, no run Bresnan defends carefully on the front foot, looks in good order so far;
142.3;1;Harris to Trott, 1 run Harris ventures onto a line closer to off stump line and is rewarded with a forward push to cover for one;
142.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run again this burrows through to Haddin outside off stump;
142.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run this keeps a little low outside off stump, beyond that there is little to say about the delivery;
141.6;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run very confident and crisp block to finish a wicket-taking over for Siddle;
141.5;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run back of a length from Siddle and Bresnan is solid in defence;
141.4;1;Siddle to Trott, 1 run this is steered behind point for a quick single;
141.3;3;Siddle to Bresnan, 3 runs Bresnan is away with a solid clunk through midwicket, the sort of shot Prior was trying to play;
141.2;?;Siddle to Bresnan, no run ooh, Bresnan aims a leave but is late on it and it ends up clipping his bat as he shouldered arms;
141.1;W;Siddle to Prior, OUT that will be that, soft dismissal in the end but Siddle deserves some luck, fullish ball just stuck in the wicket a fraction and Prior chipped it straight to mid-on. He stood motionless for a moment, realising he'd thrown away a possible Ashes hundred but it ends a fine innings;Matt Prior c Ponting b Siddle 85 (201m 119b 11x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
140.6;3;Harris to Prior, 3 runs ah excellent stroke here, this was more on the up but Prior used the offer of width to ease a cover drive away;
140.5;?;Harris to Prior, no run fuller and straighter this time, Harris looking for a yorker and Prior has to jab down a defence;
140.4;?;Harris to Prior, no run Harris happy to offer another drive and this one isn't timed as well and point fields;
140.3;4;Harris to Prior, FOUR runs drive-me length and a drive-me line, Prior does the obvious and flashes a square drive past point all along the ground for four. Lovely shot;
140.2;?;Harris to Prior, no run Harris continues to hug off stump with his line and Prior has to defend;
140.1;?;Harris to Prior, no run flash and a miss outside off, Prior will always have a drive if you give him half a chance, but just doesn't connect with this;
139.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run resolute forward defence to finish the over, not the sort of thing you want to see if you are an Australian;
139.5;2;Siddle to Trott, 2 runs this time Trott manages to connect with an off-side push, sending it past cover for a couple;
139.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle drags his length back a fraction and it zips off the wicket over a slightly loose outside edge;
139.3;?;Siddle to Trott, no run full and straight from the bowler, much the same from the bat;
139.2;?;Siddle to Trott, no run this is closer to the stumps and Trott watches it carefully onto his defensive blade;
139.1;3;Siddle to Prior, 3 runs Siddle offers Prior width outside off, which is a long empty road for a happy driver like him, he throws his arms through the line and it requires a pair of scurrying Australians to keep it to three;
138.6;?;Harris to Trott, no run maiden over for Harris and a good one too, finishes with Trott hurrying to defend;
138.5;?;Harris to Trott, no run Trott can't resist a bit of width and flashes an edgy drive that is smartly fielded in the gully;
138.4;?;Harris to Trott, no run sharp delivery, shaping in a touch and Trott hurries into a defensive prod;
138.3;?;Harris to Trott, no run Harris has been excellent this morning and finds a good length that Trott defends;
138.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run a fuller length draws Trott forward and a skewed drive finds point;
138.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run Harris continues to hammer away on a good length and line, decent wheels too, Trott defends crisply to mid-on;
137.6;3;Siddle to Trott, 3 runs first runs of the morning and comes not from Trott's routine leg-side nudge but instead a stylish back-foot drive square of the wicket on the off side;
137.5;?;Siddle to Trott, no run this is back to a full length on the stumps and Trott defends;
137.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run oh, tough luck for Siddle here, nips one away from a good length, finds a genuine outside edge but it falls short of Watson at first slip. Haddin might have had a go at diving across perhaps;
137.3;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle ventures outside off stump, Trott of course doesn't and leaves alone;
137.2;?;Siddle to Trott, no run this is full again and straight, Trott is nonplussed as always and shuffles across his stumps to defend;
137.1;?;Siddle to Trott, no run starts well, hitting a fullish length around off stump and Trott defends;
136.6;?;Harris to Prior, no run excellent opening over from Harris, if only Australia weren't 346 behind, Prior has to defend again;
136.5;?;Harris to Prior, no run careful defence as Harris bangs away on a length and line;
136.4;?;Harris to Prior, no run hint of some reverse here back to Prior who gets half forward to defend;
136.3;?;Harris to Prior, no run this has been a feature of England's batting and, if you want to be fancy, you could say it separates the teams in this test, Prior judging a leave outside off stump perfectly;
136.2;?;Harris to Prior, no run again Harris finds an ideal length and line and Prior defends watchfully;
136.1;?;Harris to Prior, no run good start from Harris, right on the money, moving away a fraction too and Prior shuffles along the crease and defends;
135.6;2;Johnson to Trott, 2 runs runs off the final ball, two of them as Trott taps a full, wide ball through cover point. They run the second and as the Australian fielders start to wander off, Trott re-marks his guard, as is his wont;
135.5;?;Johnson to Trott, no run gentle stuff from Johnson at the end of the day, and Trott defends off the front foot;
135.4;?;Johnson to Trott, no run straighter, and the crowd are brought alive as Johnson collects the ball in his follow-through and threatens to throw the stumps down;
135.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run outside off, Trott leans into his umpteenth leave of the day;
135.2;?;Johnson to Trott, no run back of a length and angled into the body this time, Trott stays deep in the crease and works into the leg side;
135.1;?;Johnson to Trott, no run good length, but well wide of off and Trott is only too happy to leave alone. A wasted delivery;
134.6;?;Watson to Prior, no run defended back down the track ... and we will have one more over;
134.5;?;Watson to Prior, no run full and swinging in, defended to point once again;
134.4;?;Watson to Prior, no run full outside off, dug out to point;
134.3;2;Watson to Prior, 2 runs too straight from Watson, whipped off the front pad out behind square on the leg side;
134.2;?;Watson to Prior, no run nice and tight on the off stump, Prior defends to mid-on;
134.1;1;Watson to Trott, 1 run leg-stump half-volley, clipped firmly out to deep square leg;
133.6;?;Johnson to Prior, no run very full but still wide outside off, Prior thinks about the drive but this late in the day opts instead for caution and leaves alone;
133.5;?;Johnson to Prior, no run left alone outside off;
133.4;?;Johnson to Prior, no run wide again, this time Prior throws the bat at it but can't get a touch on it;
133.3;?;Johnson to Prior, no run flung down round-arm and very wide of the off stump. Must've been very close to a wide;
133.2;?;Johnson to Prior, no run fuller and aimed at the off stump, Prior defends to cover;
133.1;2;Johnson to Prior, 2 runs steered down wide of third man, and they're back for the second. Ton up for Johnson...;
132.6;?;Watson to Trott, no run curling in from outside off, defended into the leg side;
132.5;?;Watson to Trott, no run fuller on off stump, pushed back to the bowler on the bounce;
132.4;?;Watson to Trott, no run appreciable inswing for Watson, but at a gentle pace and easily defended;
132.3;1;Watson to Prior, 1 run more effort in this one from Watson, Prior nudges to midwicket;
132.2;4;Watson to Prior, FOUR runs a loopy half-volley outside off is creamed away through cover, Prior down on one knee to play the shot. And that's their 150 partnership;
132.1;?;Watson to Prior, no run on a length on or around off stump, Prior defends to cover;
131.6;?;Johnson to Trott, no run and another bouncer to finish, this time a reasonable one. A mixed over from Johnson, to say the least;
131.5;?;Johnson to Trott, no run another wasted short ball that bounces high over the batsman. No danger;
131.4;4;Johnson to Trott, FOUR runs paddle-pull to another short ball, Hilfenhaus runs round at fine leg to cut it off but the ball evades him, much to the Barmy Army's amusement;
131.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run there's some spice from Johnson! A much better ball than the last, he gets this one to rise from just short of a good length. Past the outside edge;
131.2;?;Johnson to Trott, no run a harmless bouncer sails over Trott's head;
131.1;1lb;Johnson to Prior, 1 leg bye nudged close on the leg side, there is some hesitation before the single is taken ... Johnson charges through and aims the ball towards the stumps with his right boot, but it goes wide. Would've been in all the same;
130.6;?;Watson to Trott, no run solid defence to cover;
130.5;?;Watson to Trott, no run swinging in to the off stump, pushed to mid-on;
130.4;?;Watson to Trott, no run this time Trott is looking for runs on the leg side, but a well-played glance finds the fielder;
130.3;?;Watson to Trott, no run gentle inswing from Watson, Trott defends to mid-on;
130.2;?;Watson to Trott, no run fuller this time, driven back to the bowler;
130.1;2;Watson to Trott, 2 runs short to start, and Trott aims a swivel-pull down to that man at fine leg;
129.6;4;Johnson to Prior, FOUR runs a controlled, placed late cut from Prior sends the ball down to the third man boundary. He started in scratchy fashion but seems to have settled in nicely since then;
129.5;1;Johnson to Trott, 1 run dropped into the covers for one;
129.4;?;Johnson to Trott, no run short again, much better direction this time and the ball appears to burst past the glove on the way through to Haddin ... the 'keeper wants a review here, but that seems pretty unlikely. That must've been mighty close to the glove;
129.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run Johnson slams the ball down at his feet and the ball balloons high over Trott. Is that not a wide? Apparently not;
129.2;1;Johnson to Prior, 1 run very full this time, driven hard out to deep point;
129.1;4;Johnson to Prior, FOUR runs up and over gully! It was a short ball from Johnson that rose up at Prior and took the shoulder of the bat, looping high over the slip cordon. Ponting just stands and shakes his head at the injustice of it all;
128.6;4;Smith to Trott, FOUR runs such timing! This was nothing more than a firm push down the ground, but it beat the bowler and once it was past mid-on, raced away!;
128.5;?;Smith to Trott, no run tapped back to the bowler;
128.4;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run the ball comes off the inner half of the bat, and they take a quick single;
128.3;4;Smith to Prior, FOUR runs big shot from Prior! Too short from Smith and he seized on the length very quickly, lifting the ball powerfully over midwicket ... just short of the rope;
128.2;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run tapped out through cover point for an undramatic single;
128.1;?;Smith to Trott, no run a gentle legbreak from Smith, Trott gets right back and cracks it to mid-on;
127.6;1;Johnson to Trott, 1 run full and very wide indeed from Johnson, Trott really has to stretch to get to this one but manages to get it through gully;
127.5;?;Johnson to Trott, no run outside off this time, judiciously left alone by Trott;
127.4;?;Johnson to Trott, no run well-directed bouncer from Johnson, Trott is taken slightly by surprise and pulls out of the hook at the very last moment;
127.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run Johnson finds a line outside off, Trott is solid in defence;
127.2;?;Johnson to Trott, no run mis-directed down the leg side. Not a horribly wide delivery, but would've been called wide in a limited-overs game;
127.1;?;Johnson to Trott, no run loosener on middle and off, it keeps slightly low as Trott works to leg;
126.6;?;Smith to Prior, no run this time Prior plays back, nudging defensively to leg;
126.5;?;Smith to Prior, no run tossed up nicely on middle, Prior lunges forward to defend;
126.4;?;Smith to Prior, no run a low, dipping full-toss is whipped hard but straight to mid-on;
126.3;?;Smith to Prior, no run fuller, and this time Prior defends;
126.2;4;Smith to Prior, FOUR runs too short from Smith, and Prior wallops him up and over wide mid-on to get to fifty;
126.1;?;Smith to Prior, no run tossed up slow on middle, Prior hangs back and pushes to mid-on;
125.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run back of a length on off stump, Trott extends himself to his full height and prods it down behind point;
125.5;4;Siddle to Trott, FOUR runs long half-volley from Siddle, and Trott dispatches him through cover with great authority. There's England's 400;
125.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run just short of a good length, tapped defensively to leg;
125.3;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle bustles in and still, at this late stage, finds the energy to extract some life out of the pitch, hitting the deck hard and getting the ball to seam away and beat the outside edge of Trott's defensive push;
125.2;?;Siddle to Trott, no run full and wide of off, Trott nails a square drive but finds Hughes at point;
125.1;3;Siddle to Prior, 3 runs curving in to Prior's pads, the batsman leans across and flicks powerfully out to deep square;
124.6;?;Smith to Trott, no run good finish from Smith, nice and tight on middle and off and Trott defends;
124.5;4;Smith to Trott, FOUR runs bad ball from Smith - a low full toss - but what superb timing and placement from Trott, threading the gap at midwicket perfectly;
124.4;?;Smith to Trott, no run fuller this time, Trott steps forward and drives it back to the bowler;
124.3;?;Smith to Trott, no run same again from both batsman and bowler, Trott just goes on and on in the same vein;
124.2;?;Smith to Trott, no run Trott stays deep in the crease to defend a gentle legbreak;
124.1;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run a flighted delivery to start, but the length is not quite right and Prior leans back to pick up a single to cover;
123.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run another yorker, good one too and blocked out;
123.5;?;Siddle to Trott, no run good ball, excellent yorker with a touch of inswing, surprised Trott but he managed to stab down in time to keep it out;
123.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle pinning Trott back only to find a very sturdy defensive pat to cover;
123.3;?;Siddle to Trott, no run this is stroked out into the off side;
123.2;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Trott wafts at this, connects fine so no alarms but a bit of a nothing shot;
123.1;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle hustles and bustles and lands this outside off stump, all of which means nothing but a leave;
122.6;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run good shot for a single here, Trott flicking to midwicket with good timing;
122.5;?;Smith to Trott, no run studious defence off the back foot from Trott;
122.4;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run the length is too short and with precious little spin around it's a help-yourself-to-one type of delivery;
122.3;?;Smith to Prior, no run Prior stretches forward and defends;
122.2;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run better delivery, more air and fuller, but Trott does what he does best and works a single to midwicket to bring up the 100-run stand;
122.1;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run too short again from Smith and it is cut to deep cover;
121.6;?;Siddle to Trott, no run this keeps a touch low, which is the sort of thing which will excite England no end, Trott jabs away a defence;
121.5;2;Siddle to Trott, 2 runs maybe a sign of indrift here, but the line was too close to Trott's pads and he flicked two more wide of fine leg;
121.4;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle hugging off stump with his line but only to find the middle of a secure defensive blade;
121.3;?;Siddle to Trott, no run confidently driven but straight to mid-off;
121.2;4;Siddle to Trott, FOUR runs Trott gets four for this but he looked hurried on the shot, steering a back-cut past the slips to the third man rope, the extra bounce meant he lost his bottom hand as he played the shot but still controlled it well;
121.1;?;Siddle to Trott, no run Siddle bustles in, looking like it's the first over of the series, finds a good line but is a touch short and Trott has time to defend off the back foot;
120.6;2;Smith to Prior, 2 runs ah lovely shot, Prior hanging on the back foot and waiting before gliding a neat back-cut past the keeper for a couple;
120.5;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run very short again and Trott bunts through straightish midwicket;
120.4;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run too short and with the angle Prior has plenty of room to free his arms in a cut shot;
120.3;2;Smith to Prior, 2 runs floated up a touch too much, reaching Prior on the full and he steers it straight of midwicket for a couple;
120.2;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run Trott has scored plenty off his legs, and gets another here as Smith's line errs;
120.1;?;Smith to Trott, no run Smith going around the wicket now, looking to land it in some rough, Trott is not bothered and defends from the back foot;
119.6;4;Siddle to Prior, FOUR runs width, width was all Prior needed to free his arms and time a square drive behind point for four;
119.5;?;Siddle to Prior, no run Siddle happy to continue with a drive-me length and Prior equally happy to keep playing the shot, picks out cover though;
119.4;?;Siddle to Prior, no run good length from Siddle, imploring Prior to have a dart, this is steered to point;
119.3;?;Siddle to Prior, no run this time Prior does have a nibble, pushing at the ball outside off in a very Australia-in-the-first-innings type of way, luckily for the batsman it beats the edge;
119.2;?;Siddle to Prior, no run full and outside off, looking to draw Prior into a drive but the batsman is having none of it;
119.1;?;Siddle to Prior, no run Siddle lands his first ball on a length and line, Prior defends and Siddle follows through a long way in his direction;
118.6;1;Smith to Prior, 1 run short ball to end the over but no harm done as Prior's cut finds point;
118.5;?;Smith to Prior, no run fullish and flighted delivery stroked back down the wicket where mid-on scoots round to field;
118.4;?;Smith to Prior, no run Prior down the wicket again, looking for something expansive but picks out mid-on with a drive;
118.3;?;Smith to Prior, no run Prior edges down the wicket and gets a full toss for the effort, but can only pat it straight to mid-off;
118.2;?;Smith to Prior, no run pushed straight back down the pitch;
118.1;1;Smith to Trott, 1 run Smith floats up a full ball on Trott's toes which can only mean one thing - a leg-side nurdle for one;
117.6;1;Harris to Trott, 1 run this is driven again, but more carefully to cover for a single;
117.5;4;Harris to Trott, FOUR runs four more! Not where he intended but a full ball finds the outside edge of a loose drive, it sped past the slips to the third man boundary;
117.4;?;Harris to Trott, no run Trott is forced to play at this but does so with consummate ease in defence;
117.3;?;Harris to Trott, no run ideal post-hundred delivery for the batsman, outside off stump and left alone;
117.2;4;Harris to Trott, FOUR runs that is a superb hundred from Trott, gets there fittingly with a leg-side flick off his toes through the midwicket region for four, celebrates with his customary single arm lofted in the air. It's been a pretty chanceless knock and he's helping take England out of sight here;
117.1;2;Harris to Trott, 2 runs lovely stroke, Harris has been feeding Trott drives outside off and this one is timed very well into a gap at extra cover for a couple;
116.6;?;Smith to Prior, no run maiden over ends with Prior pushing gently back to the bowler;
116.5;?;Smith to Prior, no run shorter length means some spin from around leg stump, Prior stands tall and blocks;
116.4;?;Smith to Prior, no run ah, much better, fuller with more air and Prior defends with utmost respect;
116.3;?;Smith to Prior, no run this is a touch short again but the cut shot finds point;
116.2;?;Smith to Prior, no run bowler lucky to get away with this, dragged down very short but it stuck in the pitch and Prior couldn't time his cut;
116.1;?;Smith to Prior, no run good start, bit of air, bit of drift, bit of turn, Prior's defence is careful;
115.6;1;Harris to Prior, 1 run very swift single keeps Trott off strike as Prior smoothly strokes another off-drive to a fullish delivery;
115.5;?;Harris to Prior, no run this is stroked with a clock-shop full of timing but straight to mid-off;
115.4;?;Harris to Prior, no run Prior has a flat-footed poke outside off, nothing shot but it looked worse thanks to the low bounce through to Haddin;
115.3;1;Harris to Trott, 1 run this time the drive pierces the ring of offside fielders, gets Trott a single to take him to 95;
115.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run Harris fires another up outside off and Trott happily driving to cover;
115.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run Harris has settled into a decent groove here and hurries Trott in defence around off stump;
114.6;?;Clarke to Prior, no run patted back down the pitch to end a gentle over;
114.5;?;Clarke to Prior, no run this time Prior can only defend with a full face back to the bowler;
114.4;1;Clarke to Trott, 1 run yup, the milking of Clarke has begun, Trott picking off a riskless single to deep midwicket;
114.3;1;Clarke to Prior, 1 run Prior this time works to leg for a strike-turner. This is turning into a a milk;
114.2;1;Clarke to Trott, 1 run Trott's trusty inside edge earns him a single into the square leg region;
114.1;1;Clarke to Prior, 1 run something approaching flight from Clarke, rewarded with a handsome drive out to deep cover for a strolled single;
113.6;?;Harris to Trott, no run good tactics from Australia, trying to dry Trott up in the 90s by landing outside off, Trott happy to have a go but keeps picking out fielders;
113.5;?;Harris to Trott, no run wide outside off stump and Trott has a dart, flashing and missing;
113.4;?;Harris to Trott, no run Trott is desperately shuffling across his stumps trying to work another to leg, but Harris follows further outside off;
113.3;?;Harris to Trott, no run good wheels from Harris pints Trott back in defence;
113.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run this is driven with more than a hint of outside edge straight to point;
113.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run Trott aims a off drive to a fullish delivery it skews off the inside edge to mid-on;
112.6;?;Clarke to Prior, no run good line and length from Clarke, forces Prior to block;
112.5;?;Clarke to Prior, no run more secure defence from Prior;
112.4;?;Clarke to Prior, no run Clarke whizzing through his over and Prior hurries into defence;
112.3;?;Clarke to Prior, no run simple defence from Prior to the low-slung left-arm rollers;
112.2;?;Clarke to Prior, no run straight ball defended to cover;
112.1;1;Clarke to Trott, 1 run worked off the pads to one of those boundary riders on the leg side;
111.6;?;Harris to Prior, no run beaten once again outside off, good bowling from Harris here;
111.5;?;Harris to Prior, no run this one holds its line outside off, and Prior is beaten on the outside edge as he aims a loose-looking drive into the off side;
111.4;?;Harris to Prior, no run straighter this time, nudged to midwicket;
111.3;?;Harris to Prior, no run Harris pulls the length back, Prior guides the ball down to point;
111.2;?;Harris to Prior, no run driven with rather more verve into the covers this time, but a diving fielder cuts it off;
111.1;?;Harris to Prior, no run good yorker from Harris, but Prior digs it out easily enough;
110.6;1;Clarke to Prior, 1 run another single milked down to fine leg as Clarke spears this at the leg stump. Not sure what the plan is here...;
110.5;1;Clarke to Trott, 1 run speared down the leg side, another easy single taken;
110.4;1;Clarke to Prior, 1 run tapped through square leg for one;
110.3;1;Clarke to Trott, 1 run Clarke labours to the crease, looking very stiff as he does so, and Trott jabs through midwicket;
110.2;2;Clarke to Trott, 2 runs Clarke continues from round the wicket, nudged down to fine leg;
110.1;1;Clarke to Prior, 1 run flat on leg stump to start, Prior is cautious as he taps it down behind square;
109.6;?;Harris to Trott, no run after such a good leave, just a bit of a nothing shot from Trott. It was full and wide and he might well have left it - or aimed a drive into the covers. He did neither, just pushing the bat softly out and letting the ball hit it;
109.5;?;Harris to Trott, no run fuller and wider still, Trott leans forward into a classical leave;
109.4;?;Harris to Trott, no run gentle seam movement away from the bat off a good length, but wide of off and easily left alone;
109.3;?;Harris to Trott, no run nicely driven this time, but picking the extra cover fielder;
109.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run very full this time, perhaps the attempted yorker from Harris. It tailed in through the air, too, but Trott was equal to it and dug the ball out into the off side;
109.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run wide, not quite full enough for the drive and Trott toe-ends into the covers;
108.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 run strange little shot, almost a tennis forehand, but straight down towards midwicket. One run the result;
108.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run full on off stump from Hilfenhaus this time, driven to mid-on;
108.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run chopped down hard, but straight to gully on the bounce;
108.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Prior, 1 run jabbed defensively down behind square on the leg side, the ball taking the inner half of the bat, and Trott calls him through for a quick single;
108.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Prior, no run full, Prior squirts a sliced drive towards point ... it was briefly in the air but falling well short;
108.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 run nudged into the leg side, splitting the field for a single;
107.6;4;Harris to Prior, FOUR runs slashed in the air through gully! The shot was on as the ball was short and wide, and Prior went through with it. That brings up the fifty partnership;
107.5;1;Harris to Trott, 1 run Trott picks up the length early, getting across to work the ball off his hip and out through square leg;
107.4;4;Harris to Trott, FOUR runs superb on-drive from Trott! Mid-on was wide, so he went straight and got great timing and placement on the shot;
107.3;?;Harris to Trott, no run another inside edge onto the inside of the left leg! This one hits the pad though. Trott can see the funny side, smiling as he walks away from the wicket. He's been in the wars in the last few overs;
107.2;?;Harris to Trott, no run short of a good length, Trott gets back and across and jabs the ball hard back down the wicket;
107.1;?;Harris to Trott, no run a real loosener first up, not much pace at all as Trott leaves outside off. Harris still manages to get it through to Haddin without a bounce;
106.6;2;Hilfenhaus to Prior, 2 runs Hilfenhaus is mixing his lengths up well here, going very full again. He doesn't quite hit the yorker mark, though, and Prior works the ball through the leg side field;
106.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Prior, FOUR runs top-edged pull, and the ball balloons over Haddin's head! Down to the boundary, four more for Prior;
106.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Prior, no run a flowing drive ... but the timing is completely off and the ball trickles slowly to mid-on;
106.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Prior, no run keeping a touch low and moving in through the air, Prior is back when he should be forward but manages to keep it out all the same;
106.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 run flicked down to fine leg for one;
106.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run hint of inswing from Hilfenhaus, Trott plays watchfully to mid-on. He bends and flexes the knee after playing the shot, and still looks to be in considerable discomfort after that blow;
105.6;?;Johnson to Prior, no run leaving the batsman off the pitch, Prior plays away from the body to guide the ball to point;
105.5;?;Johnson to Prior, no run on a length, defended into the off side;
105.4;3;Johnson to Trott, 3 runs full and wide, Trott places the drive in front of cover point and picks up three runs;
105.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run fuller, Trott shuffles across to off and drives to mid-on;
105.2;1;Johnson to Prior, 1 run short from Johnson, but down the leg side and the ball is hooked down to fine leg ... all along the ground;
105.1;?;Johnson to Prior, no run testing line and good pace from Johnson, Prior stays deep in the crease and plays the ball down behind square on the off side;
104.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run pinged down right at off stump, Trott gets into line to defend;
104.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run width on the ball invites the forcing shot through the off side, but the ball goes straight to the man at point;
104.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run ouch! A thick inside edge cannons into the inside of Trott's knee, behind the pad. He's down immediately and looks to be in some pain. Prior calls the physio out straight away ... he's flexing the knee now, and is up once again. He hasn't asked for a runner, just a couple of painkillers and a sip of water;
104.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Trott, FOUR runs four runs! Hilfenhaus was aiming for the surprise yorker but just got it slightly wrong and sent the ball down the leg side. Is that bat or pad? Given as runs;
104.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run straighter and shorter of length this time, Trott presents the full face to push the ball to mid-on;
104.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run full outside off, Trott can't break through the off-side field with the drive however;
103.6;?;Johnson to Prior, no run pushed fuller and wider by Johnson, too wide to play a controlled shot to and Prior wisely opts to leave alone;
103.5;?;Johnson to Prior, no run moving towards the slips slightly after pitching, chopped down to gully;
103.4;1;Johnson to Trott, 1 run short on off stump, but not quite the bouncer and Trott is in no trouble getting right on top of the ball and pulling down to fine leg;
103.3;?;Johnson to Trott, no run Trott looks for runs at midwicket with that characteristic shuffling clip, but picks out the field;
103.2;?;Johnson to Trott, no run Johnson keeps the ball in Trott's half, this time the drive goes into the off side;
103.1;?;Johnson to Trott, no run full of length to start from Johnson, and Trott drives gently to mid-on;
102.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Prior, no run very full on off stump, dug out to mid-off;
102.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Prior, no run Prior leans into an aggressive drive ... the ball goes nowhere though, he's not found the middle of the bat with much regularity yet;
102.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 run tapped into the gap at cover, and they take the chance for a quick single;
102.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run this one curves in through the air and may have kept a little low. Trott gets the bat down in good time to defend, however;
102.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run width offered this time, but the cut shot goes straight to point;
102.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run Hilfenhaus on the mark straight away, zoning in on off stump as Trott defends;

Hilfenhaus is well into his run with Trott still scratching at his mark ... the bowler arrives at the crease but the batsmen is not ready, so he'll have to try this one again
 Innings Start
And there you have it, England win by an innings an 157 runs and retain the Ashes. It's taken them less than an hour and a half, and it's their biggest win over Australia since Old Trafford in 1956 - emphatic, to say the least. Man-hugs and back-slaps all round on the field, the Barmy Army fill the 'G with noise! As the England team leave the field they're met by the coaches and technical staff, Andy Flower is there and congratulates each and every one of them.
This has been a thoroughly deserved win, England led the game from the moment the coin was tossed. They used the conditions perfectly to dismantle Australia in the first innings, surged ahead with the bat, and finished the job with more than a day and a half to spare. After setting the tone with the bat at Brisbane, they took the a lead in the series with an-innings-and-71-run win at Adelaide. It appeared there was life in Australia yet when an inspired Mitchell Johnson helped them bounce back at Perth, but England showed depth, determination and killer instinct to take this game by the scruff of the neck and keep hold of the urn.
"Is it time to throw out the bathwater, the baby and the rubber duck?" asks Peter. "Sack the selectors who have clearly failed to adequately prepare for this vital series." The Ashes are lost, but it's 2-1 and there's still a series at stake here, so perhaps now might not be the best time to ring the changes.
"I hoped we would retain the Ashes here," says Andrew Strauss. "You know how much hard work is needed to win a series over here," he says to Athers, "a huge amount of credit has to go to Andy Flower and the backroom staff who got us prepared for this, and even more so to the guys out on the field who did what was asked of them. We've still got a series to win.
"What a great ground this is, and what an amazing place to come and retain the ashes at. This will live in my memory and in the memories of all the players. It's easy to get carried away with this win, but we still want to win the series even though we're going to be taking the urn home."
"I'm not sure if you're better off getting flogged like we have been here or go down in a tight one," says losing captain Ricky Ponting. "Sometimes I think it can be more disappointing when it goes down to the wire, and we've been totally outplayed here. We've only got ourselves to blame, and we've got to give credit to England.
"It's really hard to work out why there's been such big momentum swings, not only in this Ashes series but in previous ones too. One team dominates and then the other one does. England executed their plans really well here, and we couldn't respond quickly enough or for long enough. I've got a lot of thinking to do [about my future]. I've tried my heart out, a lot of people have said I've even tried too hard. hopefully next week I'll prepare as well as possible and make two big scores to have an influence on the series.
Of his fractured finger, he says: "I don't know if the finger will be OK, it's been x-rayed but the specialist hasn't had a look yet. If there's no damage and it's like it was this week, I'll play. it's important we bounce back in Sydney and give the fans something to be proud of. We've got to prove to ourselves and the fans that we're still good cricketers."
Sahil Dutta and Liam Brickhill have been your commentators for this Test, and we hope you've enjoyed our coverage. Thanks for all the feedback, it's been tremendous. Before you go, Brydon Coverdale's bulletin details Australia's demise and England's triumph in this Test, and is well worth a read. The fortress has fallen and the era of Australian dominance has ended, but the series is not over yet, and Australia could yet begin 2011 on a positive note. Follow every ball of the Sydney Test, which begins on January 3, with us. Until then, goodbye!
85.4;W;Bresnan to Hilfenhaus, OUT on a length, regulation edge, and they're there! Prior tumbles to his left to hold the catch and starts the celebrations. Tim Bresnan seals the game and the Ashes for England;Ben Hilfenhaus c ?Prior b Bresnan 0 (5m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
85.3;?;Bresnan to Hilfenhaus, no run seaming back in this time, just short of a good length and tapped to short leg on the bounce;
85.2;?;Bresnan to Hilfenhaus, no run going towards the slips again, this time Hilfenhaus keeps his bat inside the line to leave;
85.1;?;Bresnan to Hilfenhaus, no run shaping away, Hilfenhaups opts to defend;
84.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run fuller and wider of off stump, Haddin defends carefully to cover;
84.5;?;Swann to Haddin, no run tapped down defensively once more;
84.4;?;Swann to Haddin, no run fuller, defended back down the track;
84.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run twirled down on off stump, Haddin gets back and across and defends;
84.2;W;Swann to Siddle, OUT but perhaps that is misplaced! Siddle won't get that maiden fifty today, his innings nevertheless ends with a career-best 40 as he aims to loft Swann straight down the ground but doesn't get the best connection and the ball lands safely in Pietersen's hands running round from long-on;Peter Siddle c Pietersen b Swann 40 (70m 50b 4x4 1x6) SR: 80;
84.1;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run Swann continues with the old ball, Haddin works him easily down to long-on and gladly accepts the single. He's got faith in Siddle;
83.6;2;Bresnan to Siddle, 2 runs seaming down the leg side, the ball is glanced very fine down the leg side but not fine enough to beat the fielder down there;
83.5;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run full, just outside off, Siddle steps forward and across to defend to cover;
83.4;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run huge mow from Siddle, he was aiming back over the bowler's head, but he hits only fresh air!;
83.3;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run full but quite wide, Siddle really didn't need to play at this one but thrust the bat out with no great certainty to defend;
83.2;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run full, curving away gently and defended to cover;
83.1;1;Bresnan to Haddin, 1 run short from Bresnan, rising up towards Haddin's grille, but his eye is in now and he hooks out to long leg;
82.6;2;Swann to Siddle, 2 runs a flighted delivery takes the outer half of the bat and bounces away through gully, two runs the result;
82.5;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run Haddin shuffles across and tucks to leg for one;
82.4;3;Swann to Siddle, 3 runs swept again by Siddle, along the ground and through square leg this time, but a good connection again;
82.3;6;Swann to Siddle, SIX runs crash! That's sailed over wide long-on and into the crowd, a powerful slog-sweep from Siddle. He's enjoying himself and refusing to just lie down here;
82.2;3;Swann to Haddin, 3 runs another edge sneaks between wicketkeeper and slip! It was a thick edge and went wide of Prior - he never had a chance - and dipped on Collingwood. Haddin gets to fifty;
82.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run fizzing and rushing on off a good length, Haddin stays back and defends;
81.6;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run shaping away to end the over, tapped to point;
81.5;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run inside edge onto the pad! Testing ball from Anderson, not the yorker but right up there;
81.4;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run Anderson continues to attack the stumps, defended to leg;
81.3;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run Anderson keeps it full, the ball is jammed hard into the turf by Siddle and bounces up to be caught on the bounce by the bowler in his follow through;
81.2;1;Anderson to Haddin, 1 run full again from Anderson, dug out on the leg side;
81.1;1;Anderson to Siddle, 1 run full, reversing in to middle and leg and flicked out to deep square;
80.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run this is outside off stump, left all alone and Australia have made it to drinks;
80.5;1;Swann to Siddle, 1 run Peter Laxman? Siddle stretches across outside off stump and turns his wrists over the ball to send it to leg for a single;
80.4;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run this is worked more comfortably into space for one;
80.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run ah, one beats the inside edge and this the outside edge. Top work from Swann, drifting it away past Haddin's groping blade;
80.2;?;Swann to Haddin, no run ooh, lovely bowling, slower this time and wider of off, spins a long way back between the gate but wide of off;
80.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Swann gets another over despite the new ball being due and starts by firing the up full to Haddin;
79.6;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run very good work from Prior, sprawling to his left saves four here. Anderson slipped it down the leg side and it clipped the pad leaving Prior with plenty to do;
79.5;?;Anderson to Siddle, no run outside off stump and Siddle is smart enough to leave alone;
79.4;1;Anderson to Haddin, 1 run short ball again but this doesn't get up much and Haddin swings away a controlled pull shot to one of two men out on the square leg boundary;
79.3;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run ooh, good delivery here, swings in late and Haddin gets an inside edge onto his pads;
79.2;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run good bouncer here, nips back at Haddin and smashes into his chest as he tries to sway away, not a flicker of pain shown by Haddin, who's cut from tough stuff;
79.1;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Anderson bangs in a bouncer that Haddin tucks under;
78.6;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run Haddin tries another strike down the ground but doesn't get hold of this at all, cry of catch from the bowler but it lands short of Pietersen at long-off;
78.5;?;Swann to Haddin, no run good response! Quicker and drifts away beating the outside edge;
78.4;6;Swann to Haddin, SIX runs lovely shot, real cracker, Haddin cleanly strikes this over Swann's head and it sails a long way into the stands where a crowd member takes a fine catch;
78.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run carefully prodded away in defence;
78.2;3;Swann to Siddle, 3 runs oh, lovely delivery, deserved a wicket. Drifts away from Siddle, flicks an edge and Collingwood, diving to his left couldn't quite hold on;
78.1;4;Swann to Siddle, FOUR runs heave ho! There you go! 50 stand up, Siddle gets down on one knee and tonks this over midwicket. Powerfully struck;
77.6;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run short and wild to finish the over, no trouble for Haddin;
77.5;2;Anderson to Haddin, 2 runs this drifts onto the hips and Haddin flips it away down to Bresnan at fine leg, who bobbles his stop;
77.4;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Haddin is rushed again here in defence but no real alarms;
77.3;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run since he was boshed back over his head Anderson has been very sharp and this bouncer climbs past Haddin's attempted hook in a flash;
77.2;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run back of a length this time and Haddin hurries to defend;
77.1;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run inswing for Anderson here, tailing late into Haddin and rapping him on the pads, strangled shout from the bowler but it was always sliding down;
76.6;?;Swann to Siddle, no run sturdy defiance from Siddle, he wants a crack at the new ball clearly;
76.5;?;Swann to Siddle, no run very careful defence here from Siddle. If Australia had 10 more of him this Test they might be in better shape;
76.4;4;Swann to Siddle, 4 runs touch too short and a bit wide from Swann, Siddle latches on and cuts down to the third man boundary, Trott cuts it off but they run four anyway;
76.3;?;Swann to Siddle, no run this time Siddle does opt to defend and plays the shot nicely;
76.2;?;Swann to Siddle, no run touch of drift again, going away from Siddle who thinks about stretching across to defend before deciding to leave alone;
76.1;?;Swann to Siddle, no run starts well outside off stump and Siddle leaves alone;
75.6;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run good, sharp bouncer has Haddin staggering back like a drunk as he tries to sway out the way of it. Really gave him the hurry up;
75.5;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run loosely driven here to cover, touch of extra pace from Anderson after that boundary;
75.4;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Anderson responds with a one that nip backs and hurries Haddin in defence;
75.3;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs that's some shot. Haddin is enjoying the end-of-term proceedings, gets a length ball and drills it on the up straight over Anderson for four. His blade was perfectly straight. How is he batting behind Smith!?;
75.2;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run back of a length this time and Haddin rocks back to block;
75.1;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Anderson starts by pitching well up around off stump, Haddin needs no invitation to drive and picks out cover;
74.6;4;Bresnan to Siddle, FOUR runs four more, less cerebral than the first one as this flies off a thick outside edge and bobbles over the rope at third man;
74.5;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run touch short and a touch wide, Siddle leaves it alone with the grace of a Test opener;
74.4;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run fuller and straighter, Siddle defends very diligently;
74.3;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run banged in short and Siddle pops under it;
74.2;4;Bresnan to Siddle, FOUR runs Siddle has seen enough and bunts this over mid-off for four, nicely done really;
74.1;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run Bresnan jumps wide of the crease, angles this in and decks it away past Siddle's outside edge;
73.6;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run tidy finish to a good over from Tremlett, Haddin defending close to his off stump;
73.5;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run more compact defence here from Haddin, who is fighting impressively hard in a hopeless cause;
73.4;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run ooh, Tremlett finds another edge with some away movement off the pitch, Haddin just pushing away from his body, Prior dived across to try and take a low chance in front of first slip but it didn't quite reach it;
73.3;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run the Barmy Army is in full voice as Haddin pushes this out to cover;
73.2;4;Tremlett to Haddin, FOUR runs thickish edge here but Haddin gets four, just two slips in place this flies through where a fourth might have been;
73.1;2;Tremlett to Haddin, 2 runs wow, Haddin looks in fine touch as always, Tremlett looks for some pitched-up swing and is drilled straight back past him for a couple;
72.6;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run that's better, Siddle moves into line and defends solidly;
72.5;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run the ball beats a wafty, flat-footed drive outside off;
72.4;3;Bresnan to Haddin, 3 runs flicked on the leg side this time, nicely done again by Haddin. Anderson is after the ball and keeps them to three;
72.3;1;Bresnan to Siddle, 1 run defended into the leg side, he finds space and they steal a single;
72.2;3;Bresnan to Haddin, 3 runs Haddin is defying the situation and unleashing some great drives, this one threads the gap between cover and mid-off but is pulled up short on the vast outfied;
72.2;1w;Bresnan to Haddin, 1 wide Bresnan aims for another bumper but this one is much too short, looping high over the batsman;
72.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run brutish bouncer! Haddin is taken by surprise and yanks his head out of the way just in time;
71.6;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run beaten on the inside edge by seam movement! But that's high and going down leg;
71.5;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run proficient defence once again from Siddle, watching the ball closely and leaning foward to defend;
71.4;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run nicely covered by Siddle, he's started to get his feet moving and gets into line to defend a full outswinger;
71.3;3;Tremlett to Haddin, 3 runs textbook cover drive from Haddin, the ball pings off the middle of the bat and rockets past a diving short extra cover;
71.2;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run Tremlett adjusts his line and length, Haddin steps back and defends to point;
71.1;4lb;Tremlett to Haddin, 4 leg byes poor line from Tremlett, slipping down leg and the ball clips the pad and rolls to fine leg;
70.6;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run just short of a good length to finish, but nice and straight and Siddle has to defend;
70.5;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run Bresnan forces Siddle back again with a bouncer, he's trying to get him playing from the crease;
70.4;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run the batsman is well forward this time, defending down to gully;
70.3;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run full yet again, but Siddle isn't forward and is beaten on the outside edge;
70.2;3;Bresnan to Haddin, 3 runs Bresnan keeps it full, this time Haddin steps to the pitch and drives handsomely through cover point;
70.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run full just outside off, driven hard to mid-off;
69.6;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run short of a length again, rising into the ribs and defended straight down on the leg side;
69.5;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run good full length, aimed at the top of off but defended by Siddle;
69.4;4;Tremlett to Siddle, FOUR runs Tremlett goes full, looking for the lbw, but he slips towards leg and is nicely clipped down to fine leg;
69.3;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run past the edge! Great line from Tremlett, and he's kept Siddle back in the crease as the ball beats the bat;
69.2;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run splice-jarring back of a length ball from Tremlett, if you're going to pull the length back that's the way to do it;
69.1;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run just short of a good length, shaping away and defended to cover;
68.6;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run optimistic appeal from Bresnan as he hits the seam again and the ball jerks in the opposite direction to the last one and hits the pad. Definitely going down;
68.5;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run seaming away outside off, left alone;
68.4;1;Bresnan to Siddle, 1 run in the air, but wide of short extra cover! Pitched up to the bat, Siddle drove just a moment too early but the ball popped past Bell;
68.3;?;Bresnan to Siddle, no run half an appeal as the ball bursts past the outside edge! There's a noise, but it appears Siddle missed the ball and clipped his own pad;
68.2;1;Bresnan to Haddin, 1 run on a length just outside off, Haddin taps it in front of point and they set off ... Pietersen swoops and shies but the two is just wide at the striker's end!;
68.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run well kept out by Haddin. Bresnan fired it full at off stump, the ball kept a little low but the bat was down in time;
67.6;?;Tremlett to Siddle, no run good finish, Tremlett curves this one away through the air on off stump and Siddle yanks his bat inside the line right at the last moment;
67.5;W;Tremlett to Johnson, OUT there's the first one! Johnson pokes leaden-footed from the crease to a good length delivery on off stump and an inside edge cannons into off stump. Just two more to go;Mitchell Johnson b Tremlett 6 (23m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
67.4;?;Tremlett to Johnson, no run Johnson stands at the crease and defends to leg;
67.3;1;Tremlett to Haddin, 1 run just a touch too full, Haddin unfurls a flowing on-drive but mid-on moves quickly to his left to cut the ball off;
67.2;2;Tremlett to Haddin, 2 runs good length again, attacking the stumps and finding the inner half of the bat;
67.1;?;Tremlett to Haddin, no run Tremlett steams in from the member's end, with 'God Save the Queen' echoing through this cavernous stadium, and hits a length straight away, shaping the ball subtly away;
66.6;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run decent finish, seaming away from the left-hander but starting just to wide to force a stroke from Johnson;
66.5;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run what an opening over! Bresnan is getting past Johnson on both the inside and outside edges here, moving this one away to beat a defensive push;
66.4;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run stifled appeal for lbw! Johnson is struck on the front pad just above the knee roll, good shout ... except that it pitched outside leg;
66.3;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run nudged cautiously into the leg side;
66.2;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run this could all be over very quickly if Bresnan bowls too many more like this. Landing on a length and straight, this one hit the seam and jagged right between bat and pad and just over the stumps;
66.1;?;Bresnan to Johnson, no run good start from Bresnan, full and curving towards off stump. Johnson defends;
65.6;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run that will be all for the day, swings back and traps Haddin on the pads but it was slipping down;
65.5;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run close to off stump but Haddin's judgement is sound and he leaves all alone;
65.4;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Haddin times a stylish drive to mid-off, two balls left in the day;
65.3;3;Anderson to Johnson, 3 runs width means Johnson can free his arms and thread this through cover;
65.2;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run touch of nip back into Johnson finds a hint of inside edge, enough to save the batsman;
65.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run driven hard back to the bowler, Anderson wears this one on the ankle. Ouch;
64.6;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run;
64.5;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run;
64.4;4;Bresnan to Haddin, FOUR runs ooh, Haddin felt for this with his hands, feet rooted but it skews off a thick outside edge past the slips for four;
64.3;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run tough work for Haddin here, the team is going nowhere but he's continuing to scrap hard;
64.2;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run this offers to nip back a fraction and Haddin defends carefully;
64.1;?;Bresnan to Haddin, no run Bresnan picks up exactly where he left off, hitting an off-stump line from a fullish length and Haddin defends;
63.6;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run some late swing almost gets Johnson into trouble here but he gets plenty on his forward block;
63.5;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run not very much nip off the track and Johnson punches a defence to mid-off;
63.4;2;Anderson to Johnson, 2 runs nicely played here, Johnson clipping through midwicket to earn himself a couple;
63.3;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run this offers to swerve away from Johnson who defends solidly;
63.2;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run fuller ball blocked firmly back to the bowler;
63.1;?;Anderson to Johnson, no run ooh, maybe Trott's sledging had got the better of Johnson, he's aimed a booming drive here that lands just short of mid-off;
62.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin pushes a defence to cover;
62.5;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin gets well forward to defend back to the bowler;
62.4;1;Swann to Johnson, 1 run Johnson is away, picking off a single into the leg side;
62.3;?;Swann to Johnson, no run ooh, this is close, Johnson inside edging close to short leg;
62.2;?;Swann to Johnson, no run fullish ball clipped firmly to Bresnan at mid-on;
62.1;?;Swann to Johnson, no run Johnson leaves this alone outside off stump, Swann tempting him with some width;
61.6;1lb;Anderson to Johnson, 1 leg bye Johnson keeps the strike but is still on the pair as this nips back onto the thigh and bobbles off for one;
61.5;W;Anderson to Smith, OUT that's that, Smith's promising innings ends with a drag on. Not the best delivery Anderson will ever bowl - short outside off stump - and the pull shot finds a bottom edge that goes onto the stumps. Anderson gives Smith a stern look by way of celebration;Steven Smith b Anderson 38 (91m 67b 6x4 0x6) SR: 56.71;
61.4;4;Anderson to Smith, FOUR runs poor delivery and Smith climbs into it, short and wide and Smith rolls his wrists on a cut shot past point;
61.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run bouncer, and not a good one, very short and wide of off stump;
61.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run this time Smith has a drive, no great power in the shot;
61.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Anderson continues to wheel away around off stump and Smith decides it's better not to play;
60.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Swann with another maiden, his 11th;
60.5;?;Swann to Haddin, no run quietly patted down the wicket;
60.4;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin not attempting anything expansive, just happy to push back to the bowler;
60.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin eases into a languid drive;
60.2;?;Swann to Haddin, no run pushed carefully to mid-on;
60.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin gets very deep into his crease to defend this off the outer half of the bat;
59.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run this is a bit of nothing shot, Smith wafting aimlessly outside off stump;
59.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run follows the boundary up with a careful leave outside off;
59.4;4;Anderson to Smith, FOUR runs ah lovely shot this time, really good shot, again showing he has a touch of time at the crease as he times this full ball straight back past the bowler for four;
59.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run definite swing here, tailing in late to Smith who watches it carefully to defend;
59.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run hint of swing here, not a lot, but enough to make the drive uncertain;
59.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Anderson hides the ball outside off stump and Smith wants nothing to do with it;
58.6;1;Swann to Smith, 1 run Australia's 150 is up thanks to Smith's well-controlled sweep;
58.5;?;Swann to Smith, no run beaten outside off stump. The angles around the wicket takes it past the outside edge;
58.4;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run the run of dots against Swann stops with Haddin collecting a single to the deepish mid-on;
58.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run again Haddin is back and aims a uncertain steer to gully;
58.2;?;Swann to Haddin, no run this is quite wide of off stump and Haddin decides against playing a shot;
58.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin again goes deep into his crease to defend Swann;
57.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Smith judges another good leave;
57.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run this time Smith leaves well alone outside off stump;
57.4;4;Anderson to Smith, FOUR runs what a good shot this is. Smith had to adjust his shot at the last moment as the bounced a fraction on him, used the fraction of width to late-cut past the slips for four;
57.3;?;Anderson to Smith, no run carefully defended by Smith;
57.2;?;Anderson to Smith, no run timed crisply to mid-on off the front foot;
57.1;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Smith is getting into better positions to defend now, forward confidently;
56.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run yet another Swann maiden, even Haddin is stuck against him;
56.5;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Swann draws Haddin well forward and outside off to block;
56.4;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin again has everything behind his defence;
56.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run very compact defence from Haddin, in other times he might have had a flash at one of these;
56.2;?;Swann to Haddin, no run once again Haddin is on the back foot to defend;
56.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Swann back over the wicket now but the line is still good and Haddin goes back to defend;
55.6;?;Anderson to Smith, no run poor shot here from Smith driving loosely outside off stump;
55.5;?;Anderson to Smith, no run Anderson attacks the stumps with a fullish straight ball and Smith defends;
55.4;1;Anderson to Haddin, 1 run this was a touch loose from Haddin, driving a full ball with an inside edge through midwicket for one;
55.3;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run Haddin was in a hurry in the first innings but looks more settled here defending to cover;
55.2;?;Anderson to Haddin, no run ouch, an inducker from Anderson has clunk off the inside edge into Haddin's midriff;
55.1;4;Anderson to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin gets his first boundary, squirting this off a thickish outside edge wide of slip for four;
54.6;?;Swann to Smith, no run Smith comfortably defends from the front foot, looks in good order now;
54.5;1;Swann to Haddin, 1 run Haddin is away by pushing a single to a deep-set mid-on fielder;
54.4;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin gets back and punches to cover, no great turn on offer but Swann's nous has pinned Australia;
54.3;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Haddin stretches forward and defends to cover;
54.2;?;Swann to Haddin, no run crisply driven back up the pitch to Swann;
54.1;?;Swann to Haddin, no run Swann continues from around the wicket, looking to beat Haddin on either edge, but Haddin defends quietly;
53.6;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run that could well be the end of Tremlett's spell, finishes with a straight ball that keeps a but low, Smith jabs down on it;
53.5;4;Tremlett to Smith, FOUR runs shot! Really top shot this, gets forward but leans back at the sight of width, flashing a cut past point for four;
53.4;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Smith has struggled before this innings but it must be said he just has a bit of time on his hands, defending this carefully;
53.3;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run nicely bowled, splice-jangling stuff around off stump that Smith steers uneasily to point;
53.2;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run good judgement shown here from Smith, leaving a ball just outside off stump;
53.1;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run beautiful delivery to begin the new over, hits a length and zips away, climbing past the outside edge;
52.6;?;Swann to Haddin, no run speared in at leg stump, and defended into the leg side from the crease;
52.5;W;Swann to Clarke, OUT gone! The plan works to perfection, Swann sends one down on the perfect line, the ball rushes straight on to kiss the outside edge and fly to Strauss at second slip. Another one goes, and England are that much closer;Michael Clarke c Strauss b Swann 13 (81m 66b 0x4 0x6) SR: 19.69;
52.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run quicker one from Swann, it comes out as a low full toss that Clarke drives to mid-off;
52.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this appeared to be slower through the air, Clarke keeps his back foot grounded and defends;
52.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke jumps out and whips across his front pad to send the ball to mid-on, "wait on!" is the call;
52.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run good start, Clarke comes forward to defend to point;
51.6;4;Tremlett to Smith, FOUR runs squeezed away through gully for four! It was full, wide and swinging and Smith stretched forward to chop down on the ball and thread the field behind square;
51.5;2;Tremlett to Smith, 2 runs Smith is on the move as he drives a full ball away through cover, nicely played but Tremlett won't mind that shot;
51.4;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run this time he finds the outer half of the bat with Smith forward, but the ball goes straight down and bounces to gully;
51.3;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run that one isn't! Perfect line from Tremlett, landing on off stump and shaping away to tease the outside edge of an uncertain, leaden-footed push from Smith;
51.2;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett pounds to the crease on those long legs of his, and gets this one to seam away appreciably ... it's just slightly too short and too wide to get Smith playing, however;
51.1;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett continues to plug away outside off, Smith leaves alone;
50.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this time he's forward, but defends into the same area;
50.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke stays back and defends to cover;
50.4;3;Swann to Smith, 3 runs twirled out invitingly full and wide and Smith leans into a strong drive, just three runs as the ball is pulled up short;
50.3;?;Swann to Smith, no run tossed up even slower, defended into the off side;
50.2;?;Swann to Smith, no run slightly more flight outside off, Smith steps forward and drives hard but straight into Cook at silly mid-off. If it hurts, he doesn't show it;
50.1;?;Swann to Smith, no run speared in full and fast on middle, Smith drives to mid-on;
49.6;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run so close to the edge! Tremlett put a little extra into this last delivery and got the ball to lift and jag away off a good length. An unnerved Clarke stood at the crease and thrust his hands out at the ball, and is lucky not to edge that;
49.5;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run swinging away outside off, good leave from Clarke;
49.4;?;Tremlett to Clarke, no run Tremlett holds this one back a touch, and gets the ball to swing from leg to off. Watchful defence from Clarke;
49.3;3;Tremlett to Smith, 3 runs short, though not the bouncer, and Smith pulls off the front foot and in the air out to deep square leg. The ball plugs in the outfield;
49.2;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run squirting off the outer half of the bat off a full length, the ball goes to gully off a couple of bounces;
49.1;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run nice shape away from the bat, but Smith opts for caution and leaves well alone outside off stump;
48.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke comes out and prods defensively into the off side;
48.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run pushed defensively back to the bowler;
48.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke is trying to upset Swann's length by either stepping out or staying back, as again he comes down the track to defend;
48.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this time Clarke stays back to defend to cover;
48.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke shimmies down the wicket into a watertight defence;
48.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run beaten outside off! This kept a little low and beat the under edge as Clarke shaped to cut;
47.6;1;Tremlett to Clarke, 1 run just short of a good length and angling slightly towards leg stump, Clarke eases the ball out into the leg side for one;
47.5;1;Tremlett to Smith, 1 run is that a touch of reverse for Tremlett? Definitely came in through the air, taking the inside half of the bat and rolling to square leg;
47.4;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett gets this one to jag back in to the midriff of Smith, who is taken slightly by surprise;
47.3;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett pushes this one slightly wider, Smith leaves;
47.2;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run nice line from Tremlett, landing on middle and shaping towards off stump. Smith stays at the crease to defend;
47.1;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run piched up outside off, Smith steps forward and feels his way into a forward defensive. You get the feeling he's not entirely sure whether the ball will leave him or come in through the air;
46.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this time Clarke keeps the back foot inside the crease as he defends back to the bowler;
46.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run nice drift and a hint of turn from Swann, Clarke comes down the track to defend;
46.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run landing on middle and leg, Clarke drives well but mid-on cuts the shot off tumbling to his left;
46.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run flatter through the air this time, driven to mid-off;
46.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run tossed up outside off, nudged to point;
46.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run very full on off stump, Clarke makes room and drives to cover;
45.6;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett goes slightly wider of off, this time Smith does the right thing and simply lets it past;
45.5;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run this time Smith's defence is tighter, but the ball is aimed at middle and off and so it has to be;
45.4;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run attempted yorker that slips out as a low, dipping full toss. Pushed to mid-on;
45.3;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run a hint of one of the flaws in Smith's technique: this ball is full and wide of off and he thrusts the bat out at it in defence. He didn't even need to play that, but ends up defending to extra cover;
45.2;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run Tremlett attacks the stumps this time, but Smith is sturdy in defence;
45.1;?;Tremlett to Smith, no run back of a length and moving away outside off, Smith slaps to the straighter of the two gully fielders;
44.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run and light-footed defence to finish the over;
44.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run "wait on!" shouts Clarke as again he seizes on some width outside off, but he still can't beat the field;
44.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run again Clarke uses his feet, smothering the ball back to the bowler;
44.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Swann offers a hint of width, but the forcing stroke goes straight to point;
44.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke stays back this time and pushes back to the bowler;
44.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke skips down the track and drives to mid-on;
43.6;3;Bresnan to Clarke, 3 runs coming in through the air and off the seam, Clarke clips neatly off his pads out to deep square leg, and they come back for the second;
43.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run chopped down into the gully this time, Clarke certainly is flirting quite outrageously outside off stump;
43.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Clarke just slices at this one a touch, and the ball is stopped at point;
43.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run nice and full again, Clarke steps into an off drive that hits the mid-off fielder;
43.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run tailing in through the air, Clarke steps watchfully forward and nudges to mid-on;
43.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run full and quite wide - he could have left this alone - and pushed to gully;
42.6;?;Swann to Smith, no run this time Smith manages to defend with more certainty and can reward himself with a drink;
42.5;?;Swann to Smith, no run ooh, this beats Smith on the outside edge, very firm push from Smith, looking for turn that has not been there all match;
42.4;3;Swann to Clarke, 3 runs nicely played here, touch short from the bowler and Clarke is back deep into his crease and flashing a drive wide of point for three;
42.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run once again Clarke stretches forward to block;
42.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run carefully defended off the front foot, not much air from Swann but he's focussing on bowling dry at the moment;
42.1;2;Swann to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke's dash up the wicket to drive has earned him a couple here, just about beating mid-off;
41.6;2;Bresnan to Smith, 2 runs short again and it's slapped without much timing wide of midwicket, earns Smith a couple;
41.5;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run carefully blocked off the front foot;
41.4;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run banged in short again and Smith ducks under it;
41.3;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run careful defence off the front foot this time;
41.2;2;Bresnan to Smith, 2 runs ooh, Smith is lucky here. Short ball and Smith top-edges the pull shot, Tremlett had a long way to run in from the boundary and despite a tumble couldn't quite reach it, getting it on the half-volley;
41.1;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run big wind up from Smith made it look like something expansive was on the way, as it was he defended a full ball nicely;
40.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run another maiden over passes, England all over this, Clarke defending uneasily towards cover;
40.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this time Clarke presents a very full face in defence and he looks all the better for it;
40.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke hurries forward to defend;
40.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run this is tossed up a fraction, too much in fact. Clarke pushes the full toss straight to mid-on;
40.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Swann not giving it much air, there is very little help off the track I suppose. Clarke defends;
40.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke hurries down the wicket to defend with bat and pad;
39.6;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run this time Smith is more secure in defence but it ends another maiden over for Bresnan;
39.5;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run careful, nervy defence from Smith, feet rooted to the spot;
39.4;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run this time Smith is more certain in defence;
39.3;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run beaten, poor shot really. Much like his first-innings dismissal, Smith has just pushed at a ball outside off stump. It nipped away a fraction and slipped past the edge;
39.2;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run this is a half-volley length that Smith pats back to the bowler;
39.1;?;Bresnan to Smith, no run Bresnan hits a good line and length and forces Smith to defend;
38.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run panicked defence to finish the over, really worried looking stuff;
38.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run ooh, Swann almost gets a hand to this as Clarke runs up the track and aims a big drive, didn't really get enough of it but it was just out of Swann's reach;
38.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run for such a good player of spin, Clarke is looking a touch uncertain against Swann here;
38.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke skips down the wicket and defends confidently;
38.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run more head-over-ball desperate defence;
38.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Swann continues his accurate work and Clarke is careful in defence;
37.6;4;Bresnan to Smith, FOUR runs confident start from Smith. Given the situation it's good to see Smith looking so positive. Gets a full toss as Bresnan overcooks a yorker and it was timed wide of mid-off for four;
37.5;W;Bresnan to Hussey, OUT Hussey gone for a duck! Bresnan has another and Australia are tottering now. Bresnan hung it outside off stump, it just stuck in the pitch a fraction and Hussey pushed it airily to Bell at short cover who made a tough chance look simple;Michael Hussey c Bell b Bresnan 0 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
37.4;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run this is top work from Bresnan. This delivery zips away off the pitch and past the outside edge as Hussey pushed to defend;
37.3;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run Hussey remains pinned on 0 as he works this off his pads straight to short midwicket;
37.2;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run fuller ball is punched firmly to mid-off;
37.1;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run ooh, another massive appeal as Hussey watches in horror a ball that strikes his pads as he leaves alone. Fortunately for him it was heading over;
36.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run full-faced back down the pitch but Clarke looks mighty iffy at the moment;
36.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run more secure in defence this time;
36.4;2;Swann to Clarke, 2 runs ooh, again Clarke plays inside the line and it squirts off an outside edge past slip for a couple;
36.3;?;Swann to Clarke, no run normally Clarke's twinkle toes look brilliant but he just seems frenetic at the moment, he keeps playing for spin that isn't there and can't middle a ball as a result;
36.2;?;Swann to Clarke, no run quick-footed Clarke skips outside off to defend;
36.1;?;Swann to Clarke, no run touch short from Swann and Clarke punches to cover;
35.6;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run wicket maiden for Bresnan as Hussey pushes this to mid-off. Somehow Hussey manages to look busy and bustling even when he defends;
35.5;?;Bresnan to Hussey, no run Bresnan has done such a good job and this is fired across Hussey who leaves alone;
35.4;W;Bresnan to Ponting, OUT Ponting has chopped on! The vigil ends. He really fought hard this innings but this delivery keeps perhaps a fraction low outside off stump, Ponting was defending with an angled bat and it found a fatal inside edge that went onto the stumps;Ricky Ponting b Bresnan 20 (101m 73b 2x4 0x6) SR: 27.39;
35.3;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run this is outside off stump and Ponting pushes hard in defence;
35.2;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run Bresnan hammers away at an off stump line and Ponting continues his defiance;
35.1;?;Bresnan to Ponting, no run Bresnan continues to wobble the ball enough to create uncertainty and Ponting is careful in defence;
34.6;?;Swann to Clarke, no run once again Clarke uses his feet but confidently to defend solidly;
34.5;?;Swann to Clarke, no run Clarke happy to run up the wicket again, this time defends well;
34.4;?;Swann to Clarke, no run oh no! Missed stumping. Clarke ran up the wicket and straight past a Swann delivery, playing for spin that wasn't there. Clarke was miles out but Prior spilled the take;
34.3;1;Swann to Ponting, 1 run Ponting gets deep into his crease to pull the ball, amusingly Prior had knocked the bails off which for a moment made it seem like Ponting had trodden on his stumps;
34.2;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Matt Prior is excited by this! Ponting stretches forward to defend, the ball spins back towards Prior who collects and whips off the bails, half of Ponting's fit is grounded behind the line though so no problem;
34.1;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Ponting looks in good order now, stretches forward to knock this back to the bowler;
33.6;2;Bresnan to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke is away, that will make him feel plenty better, knocks this off his pads to midwicket for a couple;
33.5;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run tough times for Clarke at the moment, this first run must feel like a hundred for him, Bresnan jumps wide and angles this into Clarke, clipping an inside edge onto pad;
33.4;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run Clarke gets another sighter leaving alone outside off;
33.3;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run having watched the last two swing in this one holds its line and Clarke leaves alone outside off;
33.2;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run big appeal from England as this hoops back into Clarke, nips the inside edge and thumps into the pad;
33.1;?;Bresnan to Clarke, no run this zips back off a length and defeats Clarke's defences, crashing into his stomach;
32.6;?;Swann to Ponting, no run quietly patted into the off side to finish the over;
32.5;?;Swann to Ponting, no run touch short and wide but Ponting's cut shot is intercepted by a diving Bell (and the butterfly) at backward point;
32.4;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Ponting gets a long way across his stumps to defend to leg;
32.3;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Swann drops a touch short and Ponting leaps back to try and pull, connected well but slapped it into Cook at short leg;
32.2;?;Swann to Ponting, no run studious defence from Ponting;
32.1;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Swann finds a good line and length again and Ponting blocks;
31.6;W;Bresnan to Watson, OUT oh dear, Watson has done it again! He is a disaster in the fifties. Having left the ball so well all innings, Watson is too eager to let go again and this ball started pretty straight, swung back and rapped him straight on the pad in front, umpire Tony Hill thought long before firing his finger up and Watson reviewed but it only confirmed it was clipping the top of off stump;Shane Watson lbw b Bresnan 54 (136m 102b 6x4 0x6) SR: 52.94;
31.5;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run Bresnan pulls back his length a yard and is rewarded with a forward block;
31.4;4;Bresnan to Watson, FOUR runs cripes, half-volleys to Watson don't end well for the bowler, this was thumped back down the ground, through Bresnan's outstretched hand for four;
31.3;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run a touch outside off stump and a touch is all the invitation Watson needs to leave alone;
31.2;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run and again Bresnan hammers a good line and length and Watson blocks;
31.1;?;Bresnan to Watson, no run ideal start from Bresnan, heading for the top of off until it meets Watson's sturdy defence;
30.6;?;Swann to Ponting, no run Swann locates the outer half of the bat but it squirts down to point;
30.5;?;Swann to Ponting, no run carefully prodded back to the bowler;
30.4;?;Swann to Ponting, no run ooh, Ponting tries to turn a ball from outside off to leg but the lack of spin makes it an iffy option;
30.3;?;Swann to Ponting, no run this is a touch wider of off, Ponting thrusts his pad at the ball but lifts the bat high out the way;
30.2;?;Swann to Ponting, no run big forward stride in defence outside off;
30.1;?;Swann to Ponting, no run tidy start from Swann, no spin but an off-stump line that Ponting pats to leg;
29.6;?;Tremlett to Watson, no run and a good leave from Watson to take his team to the interval;
29.5;3;Tremlett to Ponting, 3 runs good shot, Ponting drives through mid-off on the walk. Nothing more than a firm push, a checked shot, but he'll pick up three for it. Good timing;
29.4;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run decent outswinger from Tremlett, rising sharply off a length as Ponting hops back to defend;
29.3;?;Tremlett to Ponting, no run just short of a good length, defended to cover;
29.2;1;Tremlett to Watson, 1 run sharp single off a tap-and-run to cover, and that's a 15th Test fifty for Watson. He needs at least 100 more to help his team out here;
29.1;1;Tremlett to Ponting, 1 run short, just outside off, and Ponting pulls out to long leg with his left leg up in the air;
28.6;?;Swann to Watson, no run Watson is tight in defence to finish the over;
28.5;?;Swann to Watson, no run beaten on the outside edge! This one drifted away noticeably, hit the pitch and just went straight on;
28.4;?;Swann to Watson, no run looped up much slower, Watson stays back and defends to leg;
28.3;?;Swann to Watson, no run full again, defended to point;
28.2;?;Swann to Watson, no run left alone outside off, this one actually grips and spins a touch and isn't too far away from the off stump;
28.1;?;Swann to Watson, no run quick through the air and aimed at off stump, Watson comes forward to defend;

Slip, short leg and short midwicket in place
 Innings Start
Australia
England
4th Test, Melbourne, Dec 26 - 29 2010, England tour of Australia
98 &
513
Player of the match is Jonathan Trott, ENG
England won by an innings and 157 runs
