Data
4pm: Is that a defendable score? Is it a competitive score...? South Africa started so well, Quinton de Kock charging to 43 out of 59-0 in the Powerplay, but then got bogged down as Australia's bowlers adapted. A target of 159 is unlikely to intimidate a line-up as power-packed as Australia's, but that is what they need to seal the series with one to play. Join us again shortly, when it'll be Matt Roller on the keys
19.6;2;Starc to van Biljon, 2 runs humped over the off side, heading for six, until Smith intercepts running around... he's heading out of bounds, so tosses it up to complete the relay, but trips on the boundary marker! Saved a few, fabulous effort once again from Smiffy in the deep, but it denies Starc a wicket to finish;
19.5;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run full outside off, 141kph/88mph and Miller can only swing it for another single leg side. He's been all at sea out there;
19.4;1;Starc to van Biljon, 1 run pitched up and slapped through the off side;
19.3;4;Starc to van Biljon, FOUR runs full outside off, van Biljon plays an audacious sweep-scoop through backward square leg... and Richardson misfields to gift them four! First boundary in a while, and the crowd don't mind seeing it come via a cock-up;
19.2;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run another low full toss from Starc, he's only able to heave it down the ground for one;
19.1;2;Starc to Miller, 2 runs pitched up and whipped away leg side for a couple;
18.6;W;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, OUT Rassie holes out to deep square leg! The legcutter does the job again, nothing for van der Dussen to work with as he swings for the pickets, safely taken a few yards in from the rope;Rassie van der Dussen c Agar b Richardson 37 (38m 26b 2x4 2x6) SR: 142.3;
18.5;1;Kane Richardson to Miller, 1 run pitched up, full and wide and slugged to long-on;
18.4;?;Kane Richardson to Miller, no run pace off in the channel and Miller again fails to read it, swings hard and misses;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 run short in the channel and van der Dussen latches on to a meaty slap down the ground, long-off is in place;
18.2;2;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 2 runs pitched up and crunched towards wide long-on, they hustle well for a second;
18.1;1;Kane Richardson to Miller, 1 run short ball, pace off once again, Miller blaps it through the covers for a single;
17.6;?;Cummins to van der Dussen, no run another slowie, wide of off stump and van der Dussen plays and misses - just four off the over, Postman Pat delivers;
17.5;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run short ball, pace off again and it's plinked down to long-off with a horizontal bat, all huff and no puff;
17.4;?;Cummins to Miller, no run beautifully bowled, slower ball in the channel and it spins and dips away from Miller as he steps out and swipes at thin air;
17.3;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run short ball, wide of the stumps with RVD? set back and he can only hoick it leg side for a single;
17.2;1;Cummins to Miller, 1 run cutter from Cummins, comes down and flicks through square leg for one;
17.1;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run pitched up, 143kph/89mph and driven hard to mid-off, van der Dussen was scrambling as the throw came in;
16.6;1;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 run pitched up at 141kph/88mph, jabbed towards short third man;
16.5;4;Starc to van der Dussen, FOUR runs another full toss, belted through square leg! Attempted slower ball but served up to be dispatched on the pull;
16.4;?;Starc to van der Dussen, no run pitched up and bunted into the covers;
16.3;4;Starc to van der Dussen, FOUR runs fired full outside off, van der Dussen gets a toe-end on it... screws away through backward point! Flew between two men, and there's no protection on the rope at third man;
16.2;1;Starc to Miller, 1 run lets go a full toss, only 133kph/82mph - so maybe he isn't 100% - and Miller nearly misses it, deflected fine on the leg side;
16.1;1;Starc to van der Dussen, 1 run fullish length ball and tucked to leg;
15.6;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run full, in the blockhole and Rassie can only work it away through the leg side to deep midwicket;
15.5;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run tossed up, comes forward and drives to long-on;
15.4;?;Agar to Miller, no run quicker still, skids through past the outside edge as Miller hangs back;
15.3;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run pushed through outside off and punched square on the off side;
15.2;1;Agar to Miller, 1 run flat trajectory, Miller just works it to midwicket for a first run;
15.1;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run fired into the pads and flicked fine;
14.6;1;Zampa to van der Dussen, 1 run pushes through the googler, jabbed to square leg;
14.5;W;Zampa to de Kock, OUT done in the flight, skied on the drive... and well taken running in from long-off! De Kock has been battling for a while, and now he's sent packing by Zampstagram with some picture-perfect flight and dip. Got nowhere near middling that shot, and Starc did brilliantly to take the catch;Quinton de Kock c Starc b Zampa 70 (64m 47b 5x4 4x6) SR: 148.93;
14.4;1;Zampa to van der Dussen, 1 run flatter, picks off the single;
14.3;6;Zampa to van der Dussen, SIX runs pongo! RVD? hammers another Dorothy Dix over deep square leg! That has been fetched over the giant screen! They're going to need a new ball, here;
14.2;?;Zampa to van der Dussen, no run pushed through and chopped into the covers;
14.1;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run skips down and clobbers this on the full, just out of Zampa's reach for one to long-off, where Starc hurls it in to keep them to one;
13.6;1;Agar to de Kock, 1 run floated up outside off, punched to the cover sweeper coming forwards;
13.5;1;Agar to van der Dussen, 1 run pushed through, tapped down into the off side;
13.4;6;Agar to van der Dussen, SIX runs smeared into the stands! Timely blow from Rassie, who is down on one knee to munch this over deep midwicket;
13.3;1;Agar to de Kock, 1 run swings hard across the line, top-edged over the keeper! De Kock has just got stuck in treacle here, but it lands safely again;
13.2;4;Agar to de Kock, FOUR runs tossed up and he sweeps, gets it past short fine leg... and scoots away for a welcome four! Agar seemed to think that was a catch, initially;
13.1;?;Agar to de Kock, no run de Kock exclaims in frustration as he attempts to reverse-sweep and misses outside off stump;
12.6;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run chopped towards backward point;
12.5;1lb;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 leg bye smacks into the thigh and deflects behind point... Richardson liked it, but that looked very high, to me. No inclination to review;
12.4;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run completely foxed, attempts to scoop and it loops up over his head... but lands in no-man's land! Carey was the man trying to get across towards short fine leg, but the ball fell safely, not that Quinny knew much about it;
12.3;1;Kane Richardson to van der Dussen, 1 run length ball on off, another cutter and it's dabbed in front of square for another single;
12.2;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run pace off again, doesn't get hold of a pull and it bobbles down to long-on - right off the toe of the bat, in fact;
12.1;?;Kane Richardson to de Kock, no run length ball outside off, de Kock mistimes a chop into the ground, Richardson fields in his follow-through;
11.6;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run flighted, still can't get hold of Zamps this over, tapped for one in front of point;
11.5;2;Zampa to de Kock, 2 runs works this with the spin into a gap at square leg, they run well for a couple;
11.4;1;Zampa to van der Dussen, 1 run lobbed up, the legbreak straightens and hits the inside edge, runs square on the leg side;
11.3;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run lobbed up, de Kock reverse-sweeps too, straight to short third man and they scamper through;
11.2;1;Zampa to van der Dussen, 1 run too full, van der Dussen is down low and reverses it for one, Cummins doing well to stop it squirting past him at short fine leg;
11.1;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run lobbed up and worked into the leg side;
10.6;?;Cummins to van der Dussen, no run banged in at 140kph/87mph and RVD? bails out of his pull shot;
10.5;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run slower delivery again, outside off and poked through the covers;
10.4;4;Cummins to de Kock, FOUR runs on the stumps, smeared through backward square leg! Pace on, cross-seamer from Cummins, but it goes skimming away as de Kock swings across the line;
10.3;1;Cummins to van der Dussen, 1 run shortish on the stumps, 144kph/89mph and Rassie sits deep, works it square on the leg side;
10.2;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run another slower ball, dabbed into the covers - that's Quinny's fifty, roundly applauded by the PE crowd;
10.1;W;Cummins to du Plessis, OUT length ball, slugged over the covers, picks out the sweeper! A cutter from Cummins to start off with and du Plessis completely mistimes it, Richardson has to run in a few paces to take a straightforward catch. Failed to get going this time, Faffing around to no good effect;Faf du Plessis c Richardson b Cummins 15 (14m 14b 1x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
9.6;?;Agar to de Kock, no run tossed up and this time de Kock clouts it into his front boot looking for a big hit;
9.5;?;Agar to de Kock, no run nicely bowled, arm ball and it slips past the outside edge as de Kock drops back. He seems to have stalled in the last few overs;
9.4;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run fast and flat outside off, chopped for one through backward point;
9.3;?;Agar to du Plessis, no run pushed through, stays down a touch as du Plessis chops down on it;
9.2;1;Agar to de Kock, 1 run flighted, swept off the stumps for one through backward square leg;
9.1;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run dotted on off stump, Faf tucks it back down the ground;
8.6;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run flatter delivery, sliding through and jabbed to midiwicket;
8.5;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run chopped off the back foot, faf has to return to his crease in a hurry;
8.4;4;Zampa to du Plessis, FOUR runs another full toss, du Plessis swings hard, edges past short third man! Squirted away to the rope, a welcome boundary;
8.3;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run lashed towards extra cover coming forwards, cut off but they scurry through;
8.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run lobbed up and whipped leg side on the full;
8.1;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run goes back and steers towards point, this could be tight at the bowler's end... but the throw misses! De Kock was well out of the frame;
7.6;?;Agar to du Plessis, no run fired down at 104kph an Faf bunts it back to the bowler;
7.5;2;Agar to du Plessis, 2 runs du Plessis works this into a gap at midwicket for a couple;
7.4;1lb;Agar to de Kock, 1 leg bye darted on the stumps, straightening a touch and skids into the pads as de Kocks sweeps... not given and there'll be no review;
7.3;1;Agar to du Plessis, 1 run tries to come down, Agar shortens his length, tapped square on the off side;
7.2;1;Agar to de Kock, 1 run floated up and worked around the corner;
7.1;3;Agar to du Plessis, 3 runs short and wide and slapped through the covers, looks four all the way until Starc throws himself full length to drag it in;
6.6;1;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, 1 run off the mark with a punch to mid-on;
6.5;?;Kane Richardson to du Plessis, no run Faf comes across and pokes into the covers;
6.4;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run length ball, stroked back down the ground to long-off;
6.3;W;Kane Richardson to Hendricks, OUT short ball, pace off... and pulled to deep square leg! Laboured innings from Hendricks, who was done by the legcutter from Richardson, bowling well to his field. Safely taken by Dre Russ/Sir Jaddu in the outfield;Reeza Hendricks c Agar b Richardson 14 (29m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 82.35;
6.2;1;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 run length ball on middle and off, driven down the ground for one;
6.1;?;Kane Richardson to de Kock, no run punched for a single;
5.6;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run goes up and over again, this is more of a scoop leg side and it plugs for a couple behind square;
5.5;6;Zampa to de Kock, SIX runs downtown! De Kock is on one... Steps out and creams this back over the straight boundary for six more!;
5.4;4;Zampa to de Kock, FOUR runs short and this time de Kock thumps it into a gap for four! Crunched squarer and Smith won't get around this time;
5.3;1;Zampa to Hendricks, 1 run tossed up and worked for a single;
5.2;1;Zampa to de Kock, 1 run smashed over deep midwicket for six SMITH!! You cannot do that... Brilliantly caught on the boundary as he dives beyond the rope, and then hurled back in before touching the ground! Keeps them to one! Amazing;
5.1;?;Zampa to de Kock, no run pushed through and there's a stifled appeal;
4.6;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run tapped down into a gap;
4.5;1;Cummins to Hendricks, 1 run back of a length outside off, 142kph/88mph and dabbed down towards cover point;
4.4;2;Cummins to Hendricks, 2 runs short length on the body, turned through square and he wants two... well run as the throw comes in;
4.3;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run full in the channel, Hendricks closes the face a touch early and taps back to the bowler;
4.2;2;Cummins to Hendricks, 2 runs pitched up, 142kph/88mph and Hendricks leans into a square drive, well hunted down on the rope by Smith, who leaps acrobatically to pull it in;
4.1;?;Cummins to Hendricks, no run comes across and steers to backward point;
3.6;1;Kane Richardson to Hendricks, 1 run shortish outside off, steered through point;
3.5;?;Kane Richardson to Hendricks, no run pace off again, Hendricks fiddles and gets an edge that dies in front of Carey;
3.4;?;Kane Richardson to Hendricks, no run slower ball, Hendricks picks out a fielder;
3.3;1lb;Kane Richardson to de Kock, 1 leg bye back of a length, de Kock attempts to scoop it fine again, takes this one on the body;
3.2;4;Kane Richardson to de Kock, FOUR runs smacked off a length back down the ground! Length ball, 131kph/81mph and de Kock just whacks it;
3.1;4;Kane Richardson to de Kock, FOUR runs gets the scoop away fine, off the edge of the bat but it'll run to the rope!;
2.6;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run big tail in, full at 147kph/91mph and again de Kock takes it on the boot, missing leg stump by a distance and they scurry the leg bye;
2.5;?;Starc to de Kock, no run pitched up, skidding into the pads and Starc goes up... heading leg side, though;
2.4;6;Starc to de Kock, SIX runs heaved into the crowd again! Short from Starc, sweet from de Kock, who swipes up and over deep backward square leg;
2.3;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run shorter length and dabbed down into the turf behind square on the off side;
2.2;4;Starc to Hendricks, FOUR runs launched over cover! Not much swing and Hendricks hits merrily on the up for his first boundary. Coming on crisply today;
2.1;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run fullish outside off, 141kph/88mph and Hendricks mistimes a drive into the leg side;
1.6;1;Cummins to Hendricks, 1 run length ball, 137kph/85mph and angling in with the arm, Hendricks settles for turning it around the corner for one;
1.5;1;Cummins to de Kock, 1 run slower ball, nudged into a gap on the off side;
1.4;6;Cummins to de Kock, SIX runs lapped over fine leg, goes all the way! Extraordinary from Quinny, who shuffled across and flipped it casually behind square, using Cummins' pace again;
1.3;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run Cummins adjusts, punched into the off side;
1.2;6;Cummins to de Kock, SIX runs smoked! Length ball from Cummins and de Kock mows it into the crowd at deep midwicket! Carved brutally over the leg side for the first boundary of the day;
1.1;?;Cummins to de Kock, no run charges in and hits a length, bowling over the wicket and de Kock steers towards point;
0.6;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run full on the stumps, 142kph/88mph and Hendricks opens the face slightly to punch square;
0.5;?;Starc to Hendricks, no run pitched up around leg stump, pushed towards mid-on coming forwards;
0.5;1w;Starc to Hendricks, 1 wide full and leg side, 140kph/87mph... but off beam;
0.4;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run full and scooped out down towards third man;
0.3;1;Starc to Hendricks, 1 run good length again, 136kph and curling int the pads as Hendricks works through midwicket, they think about a second... but de Kock turns it down as Agar comes in off the rope;
0.2;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run length on the stumps, straightens a touch as de Kock works across the line, nudged into a gap at midwicket for one;
0.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run fullish around off stump, 137kph/85mph and de Kock is across, taps softly towards point;

Here come the SA openers, and it'll be Starc to come scorching in with the new ball. Just a touch overcast now... Will it swing?
2.25pm: Right, not long until we get going. South Africa haven't won an international series since March 2019, when they knocked off Sri Lanka in the T20s, and they need a win today to stay alive in this one...
Here's Rajagopalan: "Having grown up in the 90s and 2000s watching a lot of cricket, it's extremely disappointing to see a team like South Africa performing like this in world cricket. They were once a force to reckon with -- Kirsten, Gibbs, Klusener, Donald, Rhodes and who not! Desperately hoping for a turnaround. Important for the future of cricket."
2.10pm: Well, things can (presumably) only get better for South Africa, after that record T20I low on Friday night. Hendricks looked in reasonably good touch during the ODIs against England, and it make sense to have a regular opener in the XI rather than shoving someone up to deputise for Bavuma. But with Australia again able to line-up Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and the two in-form spinners, Agar and Adam Zampa, it'll be a real test as to what sort of total SA can post.
"Craig Williams? I think it was Ervine who scored the ton... :p" Good spot, Aryan. Too many dynasties in Zimbabwe cricket to keep up with!
"Is Steyn out too?" Yep, Robert, sounds like he's being rested. Although Firdose is convinced she saw his shoulder pop out again the other night...
2pm: South Africa win the toss and bat, Quinton de Kock says he has "never seen a wicket like this in PE", very firm and he wants his team to get out there and exorcise the demons of 89 all out. "We're all good," adds de Kocks, "we understand that today's another game." SA have brought in Reeza Hendricks, who only joined the squad yesterday, with Temba Bavuma and Heinrich Klaasen still not fit; Jon-Jon Smuts drops out, as do Andile Phehlukwayo and Dale Steyn, to be replaced by Dwaine Pretorius and Anrich Nortje. Australia, unsurprisingly, are unchanged.
South Africa: 1 Quinton de Kock (capt, wk), 2 Reeza Hendricks, 3 Faf du Plessis, 4 Rassie van der Dussen, 5 Pite van Biljon, 6 David Miller, 7 Dwaine Pretorius, 8 Kagiso Rabada, 9 Anrich Nortje, 10 Tabraiz Shamsi, 11 Lungi Ngidi
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Steven Smith, 4 Matt Wade, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Kane Richardson
1.55pm: Another big wicket falls in Perth, where England just cannot get going after being inserted. It's been an interesting day of Test cricket in Dhaka, too, where Bangladesh have fought back strongly after Craig Ervine's day-one ton for Zimbabwe.
"T20I ranking is on the line in this match. If Aus win, they will overtake Pak as No1. If Aus lose, they will remain No2, even if they win the third match." Thanks for that, Waqar. Huge stakes at play
1.45pm: It's looking like a balmy afternoon down on the Eastern Cape, for a rare 20-over outing at St George's Park. Doubtless the brass band will be tooting along with the in-house DJ at the appropriate moments. While we await updates on the teams and toss, Firdose's preview is your one-stop shop for the state of play. And if you're following the home side's fortunes, you could do worse than take a squiz at the famous WACA scoreboard, where South Africa are giving England a tough examination in their Women's T20 World Cup opener.
"The Proteas did make Ashton Agar look more dangerous than he is with their ineptitude against spin, but he is quite useful nonetheless. An economical left-handed spinner handy with the bat too - he's more of a Jadeja (his hero) than Russell!" Indeed, Abhijato, probably the more apt comparison - and didn't he seem chuffed to have met Sir Jaddu?
1.35pm: Good afternoon and welcome to another T20 tussle between these two old foes, as South Africa look to bounce back from an utter shellacking at the Wanderers on Friday. It's been a fairly bleak home summer for the Proteas, and Quinton de Kock is beginning to find out just how much of a burden he has taken on with the captaincy. Their display in the field in Joburg was pockmarked by poor catching and some desultory lines and lengths... and then the batting, well, the less said about the batting the better. Ashton Agar pounced on their profligacy to register a hat-trick and career-best figures, helping Australia extend their dominant run in T20Is. It's now eight wins in a row for Aaron Finch's side, and they'll be looking for another to seal the series in Port Elizabeth today.
 Innings Start
6.12pm: That'll be it from us for today. Firdose Moonda is busy putting the finishing touches to her report, which will be available here shortly, and we'll be back with you for Wednesday's decider at Newlands. Until then, from Alan, Venkat and myself, it's thank you and goodnight!
Time for the presentation:
Player of the match is Quinton de Kock. It's a batsman's game! "We've played here a number of times and I've realised that the new ball is key, so I was trying to capitalise on the powerplay. We thought 160 was par. We understand this wicket, especially late afternoon, for the team batting second it's always going to be difficult. [Adjustment] It's very difficult, but at this level of cricket you should be good enough to understand what needs to be done. [Death] Our death bowling had struggled a little bit. They came here and bowled really well, stuck to their plans. [Fielding] The guys know how good they are at fielding. They understood that they needed to come out here and show some fight. It's going to be a good game, expecting a good wicket at Newlands."
Here's Aaron Finch: "The way our bowlers brought it back was outstanding. Anytime you've got a player like Quinton, who goes hard in the powerplay and gets away, it's so hard to stop, I thought we did a great job to drag it back. And I thought we were in the hunt for most of the chase. We just didn't get that kick at the end that we needed. It was a good contest and its a nice, well it's not nice, but one-all going to Cape Town. [Running] In the powerplay, when teams are sitting right back on the circle, it's just about adapting. Just a bit short in the end. [Lack of RH at the death] David didn't get quite as much of the strike as he would have liked at the end. Both teams bowled well at the end, not ideal but a great game still. Our middle order trying to get a bit more time there... it would have been nice for them to get that winning feeling."
Interested to see how Finch explains that defeat. Easy to say the middle order didn't finish the job, but Warner completely lost his rhythm in the final ten overs.
"Carey has been absolute garbage after World Cup," declares Aaron [not Finch!]. "Wade doesn't deserve a spot after such a soft dismissal. Mitch Marsh is a temporary for Glenn [Maxwell]"
5.55pm: What a choke by Australia! Warner couldn't get on strike in the second half of the innings, and didn't hit a boundary after the 13th over... that said, the middle order had the game set up for them, and couldn't turn a strong position into that all important W. South Africa were so good at the death... Rabada's 19th over in particular was absolutely vital, with Ngidi and Nortje crucial too. Australia only managed 19 off the last four overs, would you believe!
Ramble: "Think the women's team did a great job inspiring the men's team in how to win a close one!"
This is the first time David Warner has finished not out in a run chase and his team has lost, across all T20 cricket, according to Gaurav Sundararaman! Unbelievable...
19.6;1;Nortje to Starc, 1 run low full toss on leg stump, dug out towards point, and SA go wild! South Africa win by 12 runs, and square the series 1-1... we're going into a decider, folks!;
19.5;1lb;Nortje to Warner, 1 leg bye slower ball, low full toss on the pads, thuds into the front leg and dribbles out to short midwicket;
19.4;?;Nortje to Warner, no run full outside off, Warner flays it straight to short extra cover on the edge of the ring and they don't take the run!;
19.3;1;Nortje to Starc, 1 run slower bounce, bottom edged into his boot and it dribbles back down the ground. Nortje does the fielding, and they race through for a single;
19.2;W;Nortje to Agar, OUT bowled 'im! Off stump is pegged back, Nortje roars in celebrations and the crowd are raucous! Not a clever shot, just trying to swing as hard as he could into the leg side but couldn't get bat on it. Offcutter from Nortje, on the money, and it pinged into the top of off stump!;Ashton Agar b Nortje 1 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
19.1;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run gives himself room outside the leg stump, cracks it out to the sweeper at deep cover but it's only one!;
18.6;?;Rabada to Agar, no run length ball, Agar sits deep looking to hammer it over midwicket but can only inside edge into the pad!;
18.6;1w;Rabada to Agar, 1 wide speared down the leg side, and given as a wide! Free runs, not what South Africa need at this stage...;
18.5;?;Rabada to Agar, no run yorker outside off, Agar looks to spear it away into the off side but can't get bat on it!;
18.4;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run attempted yorker, turns into a low full toss, slashed away to Pretorius at extra cover who just about manages to stop it, and they can't make it back for the second;
18.3;1;Rabada to Agar, 1 run length in the channel, slashed hard out to deep point;
18.2;?;Rabada to Agar, no run back of a length, worked back to the bowler on the bounce;
18.1;W;Rabada to Wade, OUT leading edge back to the bowler, and the crowd go beserk! Slower ball, length in the channel, Wade looked to work into the leg side, closing the bat face, and could only chip a straightforward return catch to Rabada. Game on....;Matthew Wade c & b Rabada 1 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
17.6;1;Ngidi to Wade, 1 run shuffles over to the off side, guides it behind square for one;
17.5;W;Ngidi to Marsh, OUT in the slot outside off, clubbed high and mighty down the ground... Faf is racing round from long-on, dives to grab it, parries it back in, and Miller, at full stretch, gets a hand underneath the relay throw to take an absolute BLINDER! Outrageous fielding. Du Plessis only just got to it, his parry was flat and low to the ground, but Miller reacted to it and snuck his hand underneath it. Unreal fielding!;Mitchell Marsh c Miller b Ngidi 6 (13m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
17.5;1w;Ngidi to Marsh, 1 wide uses his feet, shuffling across to the off side, Ngidi pushes it wider in response but it's some way outside of the tramline and he's called out for it;
17.4;?;Ngidi to Marsh, no run slower ball, hung wide of the off stump. Marsh sets himself, looking to spank it down the ground, but it's outside of his arc and past the outside edge;
17.3;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run offcutter, Warner gives himself room and chips it over point, but deep cover gets round to cut it off;
17.2;1;Ngidi to Marsh, 1 run slower yorker, wide on the crease. Pushed out to extra cover for one more;
17.1;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run uses his feet, clipped down to wide long-on. Warner races through hoping for a second but decides against;
16.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run venomous yorker, tailing in towards the base of off stump, dug out by Warner towards long-on;
16.5;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run slower ball outside off, steered out to point on the edge of the ring;
16.4;2;Rabada to Marsh, 2 runs slower-ball bouncer outside off, clubbed hard out to the boundary-rider at deep midwicket and they race back for a couple;
16.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run gives himself room, carves a length ball into the covers;
16.2;1;Rabada to Marsh, 1 run back of a length outside off, cut hard out to the sweeper on the off side. Van der Dussen gets round to field diving to his left, well stopped;
16.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run full on the pads, clipped out to deep backward square;
15.6;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run offcutter, clipped out to deep midwicket;
15.5;?;Ngidi to Warner, no run full outside the leg stump, dug out into the leg side;
15.5;2nb;Ngidi to Marsh, (no ball) 1 run shimmies down, turning a half-volley into a yorker, but digs it out towards deep backwards square. And Ngidi has overstepped... at least according to the standing umpire, Paleker. The replays show some heel behind the line, but it's been called!;
15.4;?;Ngidi to Marsh, no run back-of-a-length on off stump, nudged back to the bowler;
15.3;W;Ngidi to Carey, OUT bowled 'im, leg stump goes flying! Carey looks to give himself room to hit through the covers, it's a fairly innocuous length ball angling across the left-hander, which keeps going on with the angle and smacks into the top of leg stump!;Alex Carey b Ngidi 14 (14m 10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 140;
15.2;2;Ngidi to Carey, 2 runs slower ball outside leg, following Carey as he looks to give himself room. Worked out to deep midwicket, and they ease back for a second;
15.1;6;Ngidi to Carey, SIX runs slower ball, angling in towards middle from round the wicket, Carey launches it inside-out over the covers... du Plessis is under it running round, takes the catch, but lands on the toblerone and it's six!;
14.6;2;Nortje to Warner, 2 runs length ball, gets leg side of it, Warner cuts hard to van Biljon who stops it brilliantly with a full-length dive at short third man, but throws down the stumps at the striker's end, misses, and gives away an overthrow;
14.5;1;Nortje to Carey, 1 run slower ball, length on leg stump, heaved out to midwicket;
14.4;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run driven down to long-on, Australia continue to tick over;
14.3;1;Nortje to Carey, 1 run legcutter, inside edged into the pad, and they squeeze through for one more;
14.2;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run length ball, Warner opens up and steers out to point;
14.1;1;Nortje to Carey, 1 run length ball, chipped back towards Nortje, but it bursts underneath him and down towards long-off! Offcutter to start, hacked down the ground;
13.6;2;Shamsi to Warner, 2 runs length on the pads, clipped out to midwicket and they scamper back for a second, more great running!;
13.5;1;Shamsi to Carey, 1 run tossed up, low full toss on middle, whipped out to long-on;
13.4;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run tossed up on off stump, squirts out to deep point off the outside edge as he looks to drive;
13.3;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run fullish on off stump, driven out to van Biljon at extra cover;
13.2;1;Shamsi to Carey, 1 run full, down the leg side, Carey gets low to sweep. He can't beat the man on the 45 in the ring, but Warner sets off early and they get through for one;
13.1;?;Shamsi to Carey, no run gets down to reverse, can't beat the man in the ring;
12.6;1;Pretorius to Carey, 1 run punched out to deep point to keep the strike;
12.5;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run nudged out to mid-off for an easy single;
12.4;4;Pretorius to Warner, FOUR runs pulled hard, and it races away to bring up Warner's fifty! 38 balls, his 16th in T20Is. Raced away in front of square, beating the dive from the man running round;
12.3;W;Pretorius to Smith, OUT pulled hard down the ground, du Plessis is racing in off the fence at long-on, dives forward, and claims the catch! Great effort if it's a clean one. Soft signal is out, which is so often crucial... let's have a look at the replay: yep, clearly gets his fingers underneath it, and Smith has to depart! Super grab by Faf. Another slower ball from Pretorius, maybe even a knuckleball, Smith didn't get all of it, and FdP did the rest!;Steven Smith c du Plessis b Pretorius 29 (33m 26b 1x4 1x6) SR: 111.53;
12.2;1lb;Pretorius to Warner, 1 leg bye hung outside the off stump, Warner switches the hands and looks to larrup it over point, but it strikes the thigh pad and balloons up to de Kock. He fumbles it, and they get through for a leg bye;
12.1;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run length ball, uses his feet to get down the pitch and drive into the covers;
11.6;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run length ball outside off, Smith looks to hammer it over midwicket but it strikes the toe-end and dribbles out to long-off;
11.5;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run slightly full of a length, brings out the reverse but can't beat short third man;
11.4;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run length ball, good turn as Warner looks to drive straight back down the ground, it grips in the surface and beats the outside edge... great nut;
11.3;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run length ball, carved out into the leg side;
11.2;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run back of a length, Smith is struck on the back thigh pad looking to bludgeon over deep backward square. Shamsi appeals, but it's heading way down the leg side;
11.1;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run length outside off, carved out towards backwards point on the bounce where Rabada fields well;
10.6;4;Pretorius to Warner, FOUR runs offcutter, bit of width as Warner sits deep in the crease, and he carves this away through backward point with an open face to break the shackles!;
10.5;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run length outside off, clipped down to long-on;
10.4;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run pushed across the left-hander, punched out to wide long-off;
10.3;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run slower ball, flicked round the corner and Nortje makes a good stop low to his left at short fine leg to cut it off;
10.2;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run steps outside leg, Pretorius follows him, and Warner can only knock it down to long-off for one;
10.1;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off, dragged out to deep midwicket;
9.6;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run length on the pads, nudged to straight midwicket;
9.5;?;Shamsi to Warner, no run rocks back looking to reverse sweep, throws the kitchen sink at it but can't connect;
9.4;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run legbreak, turning in towards the top of middle, Smith gives himself room and works it out to long-off for a cruised single;
9.3;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run length outside off, carved out to deep extra cover off the back foot;
9.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run drags his length back, pulled out to FdP at wide long-on;
9.1;?;Shamsi to Smith, no run flat, down the leg side, pulled hard but straight to the man at short fine leg;
8.6;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run early call of "TWO!" but just the single to midwicket;
8.5;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run cut out to cover point, Warner slips at the non-striker's end after being sent back and is at full stretch diving back, but is safely home when the throw comes in;
8.4;4;Pretorius to Smith, FOUR runs Smith shuffles a pace down the pitch like a crab, Pretorius fires one in at his pads, but he has the presence of mind to clip it off them and down to fine leg for four! Great batting;
8.3;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run steps outside leg and carves this out to deep extra cover for one more;
8.2;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run slower ball outside off, clipped out to Miller at deep midwicket, and they don't take on his arm this time;
8.1;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run offcutter, cut away, slight misfield at cover point allows the single;
7.6;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run flighted up above the eyeline, worked down to long-on for an ambled single;
7.5;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up on off stump, whipped out to RVD? at deep midwicket;
7.4;1;Shamsi to Warner, 1 run length outside off, not much turn, clubbed out to deep cover;
7.3;2;Shamsi to Warner, 2 runs Warner feints a reverse, but decides against and clips it out to deep midwicket... Miller races in off the fence, and throws to the keeper's end, de Kock whips the bails off with Warner diving at full stretch... but he's home! Desperate dive from Warner saves him;
7.2;1;Shamsi to Smith, 1 run tossed up, full and straight, clipped down to long-on;
7.1;1lb;Shamsi to Warner, 1 leg bye fired in at leg stump, tucked down to short fine leg off the thigh pad;
6.6;2;Ngidi to Smith, 2 runs slower ball, full outside off, Smith's bat turns in his hands as he mistimes it out to midwicket, but it's short of the fielder allowing them to come back for a second;
6.5;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run slower ball, steered out to point;
6.4;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run back of a length, Smith is tucked up but squeezes it down to third man for one;
6.3;6;Ngidi to Smith, SIX runs length outside off, Smith picks it up early, rocks back and hammers it over deep backward square for six! Full extension of the arms, uses the pace, and it flies over the rope, 68 metres;
6.2;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run back of a length, pushed across him. Steered out to point, and they race through for one;
6.1;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run length outside off, Smith is back and across and cracks this out to deep cover;
5.6;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run uses his feet, Pretorius sees him coming and drags his length back as Smith clips out to midwicket;
5.5;1;Pretorius to Warner, 1 run cutter, outside off, driven to extra cover and Warner sets off early with a loud "YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!" Pressure on the fielder, who misfields. Great running!;
5.4;2;Pretorius to Warner, 2 runs clipped out to midwicket where Rabada gets down to field well;
5.3;?;Pretorius to Warner, no run length on the pads, clipped out to short midwicket;
5.2;1;Pretorius to Smith, 1 run length on the pads, clipped out to deep square where Smuts mops up;
5.1;?;Pretorius to Smith, no run length ball, squeezed out to point via the outside half of the bat;
4.6;?;Ngidi to Warner, no run slower ball, length on the pads, clipped out to mid-on inside the ring;
4.5;1;Ngidi to Smith, 1 run hung wide outside the off stump, carved out to deep point;
4.4;W;Ngidi to Finch, OUT leg stump goes flying, Ngidi gets his man! De Kock breathes a sigh of relief. Finch looked to open up and flay through the off side again, but it angled in towards the leg stump, cramping him for room, and he got a little nick as it went through and onto the top of leg stump. SA have their breakthrough;Aaron Finch b Ngidi 14 (19m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
4.3;4;Ngidi to Finch, FOUR runs length in the channel, Finch clears the front leg, gets a thick edge through to de Kock who inexplicably shells it! It bursts through his hands and away for four... Ngidi can't believe it!;
4.2;1;Ngidi to Warner, 1 run slower ball on the pads, clipped out into the leg side;
4.2;1w;Ngidi to Warner, 1 wide speared down the leg side, early pressure on Ngidi;
4.1;6;Ngidi to Warner, SIX runs short outside off, Warner uses his feet to get down the track and forehand-smashes this over wide long-on for six! 83 metres, struck pretty cleanly out the meat of the bat;
3.6;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run nudged away to keep the strike;
3.5;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run offcutter, full on the stumps. Finch opens up, driving out to extra cover, and they get through again for one more. Van Biljon throws to the non-striker's and misses, but Finch was safely home;
3.4;?;Nortje to Finch, no run slot outside off, hacked out to mid-on via the inside half of the bat;
3.3;?;Nortje to Finch, no run length on the pads, Nortje appeals but it's always sliding down. They think about stealing a leg bye to point, but decide against;
3.2;1b;Nortje to Warner, 1 bye runs the fingers down it, Warner shapes to cut but is cramped for room. De Kock fumbles, and they get through for a bye;
3.1;4;Nortje to Warner, FOUR runs bosh! 90mph/144kph, in the slot on off stump, Warner sets himself, clears the front leg, and nails this down the ground, right out of the screws;
2.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run slower ball, on the stumps, dragged to Shamsi at backward square in the ring and they scamper through for a single;
2.5;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run opens the face and guides out to cover point in the ring;
2.4;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run 89mph/143kph, stays leg side of it and guides to backward point;
2.3;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, sits deep in the crease and guides it through third man for four! The man was up in the circle, meaning easy pickings for big DW;
2.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run quicker, 87mph/141kph and back of a length, worked out to short midwicket;
2.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run slower ball on off stump, heaved out to deep square on the bounce;
1.6;1;Nortje to Warner, 1 run fullish on the pads, slower ball, Warner opens up and nudges into the covers;
1.5;4lb;Nortje to Warner, 4 leg byes length on the hip, clipped round the corner to the left of Ngidi on the 45 in the circle and away to the fence!;
1.4;?;Nortje to Warner, no run slower ball from wide on the crease, forced out to cover point on the bounce;
1.3;2;Nortje to Warner, 2 runs full on the pads, clipped out to midwicket and they scramble back for two;
1.2;4;Nortje to Warner, FOUR runs half-volley, absolutely crunched through the covers for four! Clears the front leg and murders it over cover with an open face;
1.1;1;Nortje to Finch, 1 run tight to the stumps, offers a bit of width, and nudged out to cover point by Finch. 91mph/147kph;
0.6;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run bludgeoned out to deep cover;
0.5;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs slightly full of a length, tailing in towards the pads, and hacked over midwicket with a strong bottom-hand grip;
0.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run wide stance, carves a length ball to short cover but straight to the fielder;
0.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run inside edged into the pad and away towards cover point;
0.2;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run length, pushed into the covers from the top of middle, and they race through for a single. 87mph/142kph;
0.1;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run fullish on the leg stump, squeezed out to third man via the outside edge;

Over the wicket, no slip.
4.19pm: Here we go then. Finch and Warner stride out purposefully. Kagiso Rabada to kick things off from the Park Drive End.
Over in the PSL, Chris Lynn is out early on for perennial strugglers Lahore Qalandars.
Our forecaster reckons Australia have a 62% chance of chasing this at the halfway stage.
"Only just tuned in- where is the man, the myth, the legend that is Dale Steyn?" Rested, AussieBren. Will be back for the decider/dead rubber, I expect.
4.15pm: SA queuing up on the boundary edge. Couple of fielding drills and some stretching. Intrigued to see how Angry Anrich goes today - burst onto the scene with an impressive Mzansi Super League last season, but not much to shout about in his only T20I appearance to date.
P Narain: "This could be controversial, but: SA have missed a trick by not playing Phehlukwayo. He keeps the score low and takes wickets. Pretorius, on the other hand, only tends to get going when he feels like it. and is expensive." Tend to agree, this surface would suit him. Think SA needed to go slightly harder through the middle with DP at No. 7
AkshayKSaha: "Smith- wonderful display of fielding efforts." A pair of stunning acrobatic efforts.
4.10pm: Afternoon all, pleasure to be with you as always. I reckon SA are 10 or 15 short here, but their death bowling showed the template: Cummins and Richardson in particular were very good at trusting their change-ups with the occasional pace-on ball to keep SA guessing.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
2nd T20I, Port Elizabeth, Feb 23 2020, Australia tour of South Africa
158/4
146/6
Player of the match is Quinton de Kock, SA
South Africa won by 12 runs
