Data
4.50pm Confirming the revised target is 119 from 15 overs and there will be a 5-over powerplay. Play will start at 5.02pm local time. That's 10 minutes away.
Ahmed: "Well done Babar! And with that one innings he has shut up a lot of critics who said captaincy will affect his batting. Just defined a captain's knock!"
Mirza Zaid: "Mohammad Irfan and Shadab Khan will be key players for Pakistan. "
4.40pm Pakistan have laboured to 107 for 5 on the back of their captain Babar Azam's half-century. "We got a couple of nice wickets in the Powerplay and the break probably stopped their momentum," says Mitchell Starc. "It's a good wicket." The revised target for Australia 119 in 15 overs. Alex Malcolm will step into the hot seat once again to launch the chase shortly.
14.6;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run 140ks yorker, tails in at middle, jabbed away to the leg side for one;
14.5;2;Starc to Babar Azam, 2 runs Starc hits a hard length on middle, does not come onto the bat, though. Babar is early into his shot and splices it over Starc's head;
14.4;6;Starc to Babar Azam, SIX runs banged in short and outside off, Babar jumps back, gets on top of the bounce and crunnnnnnches a pull in front of square for six;
14.3;1;Starc to Iftikhar, 1 run off-stump yorker, 142ks, jammed into the covers for one;
14.2;1lb;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 leg bye full inswinger from wide of the crease, Babar has a bigger swing at it and misses. The sharp angle from Starc means it's heading down the leg side as Babar crosses over for a leg bye. Starc challenges the on-field not-out decision. It will stay as not out, missing leg comfortably enough;
14.1;W;Starc to Imad Wasim, OUT nice and full, right in the slot to be put away. Starc overpitches it on leg stump, Imad backs away and lofts it straight into the lap of long-on, where Smith pouches it. Gone for a golden duck;Imad Wasim c Smith b Starc 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.6;4;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, FOUR runs edged and Carey throws himself to his right, but can't touch the ball. On a length and wide outside off, Babar throws his hands at the ball and slashes it away from Carey's reach. The ball rolls away to the boundary and Babar marks his T20I captaincy debut with a fifty;
13.5;W;Kane Richardson to Asif Ali, OUT 123ks slower ball outside off, Asif hauls it away to Agar in the outfield. Asif clears his front leg and miscues it to deep midwicket. Agar runs in and completes a smart catch. The big hits aren't coming off for Pakistan;Asif Ali c Agar b Richardson 11 (10b 0x4 1x6) SR: 110;
13.4;1;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run full on the stumps, shovelled away to deep square leg;
13.3;1;Kane Richardson to Asif Ali, 1 run mid-off has just moved back and Asif finds that fielder with a swat off a slower variation;
13.2;?;Kane Richardson to Asif Ali, no run lifter on middle, flies through to the keeper after beating Asif's hook;
13.1;1;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run short and holds its line outside off, lashed to sweeper cover off the back foot;
12.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run looped up on leg stump, slog-swept away to deep square leg on the fence;
12.5;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run Babar uses his feet, Zampa skids one in and hits the pads of the moving batsman;
12.4;1;Zampa to Asif Ali, 1 run pushed through outside off, tapped through the covers to follow the mighty six with a single;
12.3;6;Zampa to Asif Ali, SIX runs Asif tees off! Say hello to Pakistan's finisher. Tossed on off, not much turn either way, Asif, standing on leg stump, has a heave-ho at it. Slog-swept hiiiiiigh and over the wide long-on boundary;
12.2;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run wrong'un, faster and flatter, nurdled away to the leg side;
12.1;4;Zampa to Babar Azam, FOUR runs dropped short and spins away outside off, there's the release for Babar. He jumps back and middles a cut to the right of backward point;
11.6;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run short, slow, 119ks, pulled with control through midwicket;
11.5;1;Cummins to Asif Ali, 1 run length and angling in at off, whipped to long-on;
11.4;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter and outside off, Babar rides the bounce and pulls with the wrists to deep square;
11.3;1;Cummins to Asif Ali, 1 run hip-high short ball of the slower variety, pulled away to long leg;
11.2;?;Cummins to Asif Ali, no run lifter on middle, tennis-ball bounce for Cummins, flies over the helmet as Asif can't meet with a pull;
11.1;?;Cummins to Asif Ali, no run short of a length and slanting in nat 139ks, forced away to the left of Finch under the helmet at short leg;
10.6;1;Agar to Asif Ali, 1 run wide of the crease, sliding in at off, inside-edged to midwicket;
10.5;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run tip and run to cover as Babar turns the strike to new man Asif;
10.4;W;Agar to Rizwan, OUT Holes out to long-on! Rizwan steps away and shuffles down the track. Agar is wary of it as he tosses it wide of off, asking the advancing batsman to fetch the ball from there. Rizwan has a swat at it but does not connect well enough, finding Cummins at the edge of the boundary. Rizwan has been put out of his misery. He just couldn't get going today;Mohammad Rizwan c Cummins b Agar 31 (33b 1x4 1x6) SR: 93.93;
10.3;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter and breaks away outside off, lashed to point;
10.2;4;Agar to Babar Azam, FOUR runs pushed through on middle and leg, Babar drops down to one knee and pings a slog-sweep between deep square and deep midwicket. Pakistan find some respite;
10.1;1;Agar to Rizwan, 1 run arm ball from Agar, the batsman backs away and hacks it to the right of the bowler;
9.6;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run quicker leg break, he skips out but doesn't get to the pitch and knocks it away with his pad;
9.5;1;Zampa to Rizwan, 1 run tossed up, fuller outside off, he whips against the spin to long on;
9.4;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run shorter outside off, he is back punching back straight to point;
9.3;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run looped up leg break, he pushes this to the gap at cover;
9.2;2;Zampa to Babar Azam, 2 runs 90kph, shorter ball on middle, he's back and pulling wide of long on for an easy two;
9.1;1;Zampa to Rizwan, 1 run wrong un first up, he is back and chopping a pull down to long on;
8.6;?;Agar to Babar Azam, no run fuller on middle, he pushes towards long on but Agar cuts it off;
8.5;1;Agar to Rizwan, 1 run darted to off, he steps down on one knee and late dabs fine of short third man;
8.4;?;Agar to Rizwan, no run tossed up, he mistimes a drive to cover;
8.3;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter length, punched hard to deep cover;
8.2;6;Agar to Babar Azam, SIX runs lofted just over Smith at long off! he didn't get all of it but he just got enough of it! Went inside out over long off, Smith was jumping on the rope but it just cleared him!;
8.1;1;Agar to Rizwan, 1 run skips down to a ball drifting in, he drags a drive hard down to long on;
7.6;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run this rears off a length it comes off the splice and Rizwan drops the bat, but Babar calls him through for a tight one, Rizwan has to stride out to get in without a bat in hand;
7.5;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run bouncer, 138kph, he leans back to try and uppercut but misses;
7.4;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run 118kph, short slower ball, he mistimes a pull behind square for a single;
7.3;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run shorter outside off, he pushes to point to pinch a single;
7.2;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run 138kph, pace on, it climbs off a length, he jabs it off the gloves wide of the keeper fine of third man for two;
7.1;2;Cummins to Rizwan, 2 runs 118kph, shorter slower off cutter, he pulls behind square into the gap for two;
6.6;1;Agar to Rizwan, 1 run he jumps out early, darted into leg, he clips this to square but can't pinch a second as McDermott races in from the deep;
6.5;2;Agar to Rizwan, 2 runs shorter length, he's back and cutting past backward point, fine of the sweeper in the deep and they get two;
6.4;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run drifting into leg, he skips out and whips this neatly to deep midwicket;
6.3;?;Agar to Babar Azam, no run slower at 85kph, he is forced to check the drive back to the bowler;
6.2;1;Agar to Rizwan, 1 run looped up outside off, he drives easily to long off;
6.1;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run 94kph, darted into middle, he's pushing this toward long on and wants two but it's not there;
5.6;1;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run 138kph, back of a length, punched square to backward point, Smith knocks it down but they run straight away to get there easily;
5.5;1;Kane Richardson to Rizwan, 1 run fuller on middle, he pushes to mid on and pinches a single;
5.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rizwan, no run bizarre shot! Shaped to step inside the line and lap it but it was a slower ball bouncer outside off that he had to duck! Rizwan wanted a wide call but he was outside the guideline when it went over his head;
5.3;?;Kane Richardson to Rizwan, no run 136kph, shorter length, he chops a cut shot to point but can't find the gap;
5.2;?;Kane Richardson to Rizwan, no run 120kph, slower ball short ball, he is deceived trying to pull but is through the shot too early;
5.1;1;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run 120kph, slower ball, Babar checks his cut shot, dragging it in the air but safely to wide mid off;
4.6;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run 138kph, good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands into the off side and pinches one;
4.5;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs 141kph, fuller into the pads, he clips this through midwicket forward of the sweeper and he gets a couple;
4.4;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run 137kph, angled into leg, he clips this neatly through square leg to the man in the deep;
4.3;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run 136kph, back of a length on off, he defends towards backward point but can't steal one;
4.2;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run 138kph, he drives on the up to mid on;
4.1;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run 134kph, back of a length, he's back and punching off the back foot but gets a thick edge to third man;
3.6;2;Zampa to Rizwan, 2 runs flatter on middle, he knocks it to midwicket which is vacant and calls two straight away, great placement and running;
3.5;6;Zampa to Rizwan, SIX runs even better over long off! He was down again to a wider ball, frees the arms and lofts it flat over long off;
3.4;4;Zampa to Rizwan, FOUR runs skips down the track and hammers a drive straight of mid off! Great footwork to get down and drive inside out;
3.3;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run flatter and fuller, drifting to middle, he pushes back to the bowler;
3.2;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run drifting into leg, he mistimes a sweep to short fine;
3.1;?;Zampa to Rizwan, no run 89kph, shorter leg break on off, he's back and cutting to point;
2.6;1;Starc to Rizwan, 1 run 145kph, fuller on off, he pushes positively to mid off who is deep and immediately calls for one;
2.5;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run 142kph, shorter length outside off, he leans back and runs a late cut to third man;
2.4;4;Starc to Babar Azam, FOUR runs edged through a vacant second slip! 145kph rocket, good length angling across, gets the edge as he drives but there is only one slip in and he gets four more;
2.3;?;Starc to Babar Azam, no run 143kph, back of a length wide of off, he tries to cut but misses;
2.2;1;Starc to Rizwan, 1 run fuller length outside off, he drives on the up, not with fluent timing wide of mid off;
2.1;?;Starc to Rizwan, no run 144.5kph, good length, fourth stump line, he pushes on the front foot to mid off;
1.6;1;Kane Richardson to Rizwan, 1 run 133kph, good length outside off, he pushes away from the body on the front foot to run it to third man;
1.5;W;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, OUT top edge straight up and Smith takes it at backward point! Crazy shot! It was back of a length, he tried a wild heave from the crease across the line on the front foot, got a top each that flew high to backward point and Smith camped under it and took his second simple catch;Haris Sohail c Smith b Richardson 4 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to Haris Sohail, no run back of a length on middle, he tucks this off the pads to mid on;
1.3;1;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run on the hip and flicked away neatly with control to deep backward square;
1.2;4;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, FOUR runs edged through the slips! Back of a length, he tried to punch off the back foot but got a thick edge that flew through where Finch was and races away!;
1.1;?;Kane Richardson to Babar Azam, no run 131kph, back of a length on off, he stands tall and defends with the full face;
0.6;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run good bouncer, accurate and quick, he ducks underneath;
0.5;4;Starc to Haris Sohail, FOUR runs crunched in the air straight at the umpire and he ducks out of the way! What a shot. Fuller on middle, 145kph, he thumps a drive hard and flat down the ground. No swing and it got met by Haris;
0.4;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run beaten again by 144kph fuller outswinger. Just missed the edge as he was half forward on the drive;
0.3;?;Starc to Haris Sohail, no run 138kph, beaten by a good length outswinger, he was caught on the crease and squared up as it zips past the edge;
0.2;W;Starc to Zaman, OUT caught at backward point! Some early shape forces a mistake! 144kph, full but it swung late away from the left hander, he only got half a stride in but lashed at a drive and sliced it off the outer half of the bat straight to Smith at backward point. Easy catch. Golden duck for Fakhar;Fakhar Zaman c Smith b Starc 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;1;Starc to Babar Azam, 1 run 138kph, back of a length wide of off, he stands tall and opens the blade to guide it through gully to third man;

The Australians are out on the ground. Here is Babar and Fakhar. Mitchell Starc has the new ball. Babar on strike with one slip in. Here we go.
2.25pm Mixed news from the ground. Gnasher says the sun is poking through and we will start on time. Saad is also there: "At the stadium and looks like the clouds are clearing up. Hope for full match "
Bad news from Farrukh though: "Sitting 2kms from SCG and the weather isn't looking good. Won't be surprised if we don't get a full game tonight."
2.14pm The covers are being removed as it has stopped raining. For now.
Osama: "Misbah making such bad decisions in selecting players. Playing old players instead of trying new ones in preparation for the world T20 is unbelievable. To have the likes of wahab and Mohammed Irfan in the squad is astonishing. Big Pakistan supporter but seems misbah making the same mistake as a lot of managers in other sports. Playing tired old players"
Prafin: "Why is malik not in the side? For me he is still their best middle order batsmen and fielder. May be because coach didn't want a player in the team who is ultra senior to him. "
2.07pm Oh no. It's raining. The covers are coming on.\\
Imad Wasim is being interviewed by Fox Sports: (Mohammad Irfan) played domestic cricket and was bowling really really quick. That's why they selected him I think he's a fantastic prospect. He was unlucky not to play for Pakistan for three years, but he's back.
"My plan is so simple. I just go out there and bowl wicket to wicket. I think sometimes my plan is to take wickets early but mostly I try to bowl dot balls. First couple of balls I try to take wickets.
"There has been a couple of couple of changes in our team but we are No.1 in the world. We needed that series where Sri Lanka beat us. I think we are up for a challenge now. I thought we might be a bit relaxed in those games but now we are more focussed."
2.00pm Toss Australia has won the toss and will bowl first.
Aaron Finch: "With a little bit of weather around we want to hopefully get some early wickets. It looks a reasonably dry wicket. Shouldn't change too much throughout the afternoon. (We're playing the) Same team."
Babar Azam did speak at the toss but he spoke in Urdu only. My sincerest apologies to our readers, I have no knowledge of Urdu. I can't tell you what he said.
Abdullah : "Babar Azam said we would have bowled first as well given overcast conditions. And he said we will try not to repeat the same mistakes we made against Sri Lanka and hopefully will play well" Thank you Abdullah.
Teams - Australia: Aaron Finch (c), David Warner, Steve Smith, Ben McDermott, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Patrick Cummins, Mitch Starc, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa
Pakistan: Fakhar Zaman, Babar Azam (c), Haris Sohail, Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Asif Ali, Iftikhar Ahmed, Imad Wasim, Wahab Riaz, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Amir, Mohammad Irfan
1.50pm The weather could be an issue. There is no rain at the moment. But there is rain coming from the north and north-east of the city and it could hit the ground at some point in the afternoon. We're not sure how this will go. Fingers crossed.
1.30pm Hello and welcome to the SCG for the 1st T20 International between Australia and Pakistan. There will be three T20 internationals this week before the two Test series.
Alex Malcolm and Deivarayan Muthu with you in commentary today. Andrew McGlashan is at the SCG for us.
Andrew McGlashan: "Greetings from the SCG. It's dry and bright at the moment, but the clouds are building up and the forecast isn't great for later on. So it's a case of fingers crossed for a full game. This has the makings of a much better contest than the Sri Lanka series. There's a suggestion Australia may tweak their pace attack, but we await confirmation."
Here is Gnasher's preview.
Australia is coming off a 3-0 drubbing of Sri Lanka. But the world's No.1 T20 team should provide a different challenge despite losing their most recent series to Sri Lanka. Danyal Rasool runs the rule over Pakistan's new pace attack. They also have a new captain in Babar Azam.
Usman: "So weird to not see sarfraz in the preview trophy shot. Although he was wrongly removed from T20 I hope Babar becomes the kohli of Pakistan. Best of luck "
While Pakistan have gone pace heavy, Australia are using spin more effectively than they ever have before with the duo of Ashton Agar and Adam Zampa strangling Sri Lanka in the middle overs.
Abhijato: "These T20Is carry more immediate context than the Test series which follows. Pakistan have made quite a drastic change with just a year left till the World Cup, and people are right to question it - Is one bad series enough to justify removing Sarfaraz from the position he best functions in? Gonna be weird to see him not being hyperactive behind the stumps, but hopefully Babar handles the role equally well!"
 Innings Start
5.51pm The game has been called off. It will be a no result. Pakistan are saved by the rain. Aaron Finch will be frustrated. He did everything he could to try and get the win but a bizarre 20 minute innings break and consistent showers have ended this match prematurely.
Aaron Finch: "It's frustrating. The 20 minute break in between innings was an interesting one. When you lose a few overs and then you still have a 20 minute break I thought that was really interesting. It probably played out of our hands at that moment. But you can't do too much about the weather. If you're cutting overs off the game and you still have a 20 minute break it doesn't make much sense to me. But it's part of the rules and you can't do much about it. But we played really well. To restrict them to 107 off 15 overs was a great effort and then to be on track to get them was nice. When you're old and fat you get a bit of luck sometimes. It was nice to get a few out of the middle. Like I said, a bit unfortunate the rain played such a part."
Frustration all around. The series will move to Canberra for game two at Manuka Oval on Tuesday night. Hopefully we have better weather there. Until then, on behalf of the team, it's bye for now.
5.47pm It's still raining. Hard to see how the game can get back on prior to 6pm. We still haven't got official word on the cut off time but we think that it is 5.58pm.
Salman saleem: "I just left the ground. Rain is heavy not gonna stop early. "
Ryan: "I believe this is Aaron Finch's 28th match as Aus t20 captain - equaling George Bailey as the most time captained Australia in t20s. So that's something for a rainy day." Great effort. He might already have the record if he wasn't replaced prior to the 2016 T20 World Cup.
5.38pm Gnasher: An umpire is coming out - fourth official, I think. Proper rain is back...said official does a quick u-turn.
Tushar J: "If Aus have already scored the runs they need to in 5 overs, why the game will be called off?" Getting a few questions like this from Tushar. There must be a minimum of five overs bowled because the DLS score changes depending on how many wickets fall. If Australia lost a heap of wickets, the par score would be higher than what they currently have. So we need a minimum of five overs bowled to constitute a game.
The attendance is 19,176. They're all hiding under cover at the moment.
5.33pm The rain is lighter but it is still falling. The covers remain on and there is no movement from the ground staff and the umpires are staying inside.
Allie: "Did they need to take a 20 mins innings break (test cricket only has 10mins) we would've had our 5 overs minimum " You make an excellent point Allie.
safdar akbar: "sitting in my office praying for rain and counting remaining minutes "
5.27pm Andrew McGlashan: Meanwhile, there is also a power outage in parts of the ground. What a great day.
5.23pm The rain is too heavy and the players are heading off. The covers are coming on. The big square covers are coming on now. We do need five overs to constitute a match. This shower will only be a short one according to the radar. But it's just a question of what comes behind it. The broadcasters, Fox Sports, are suggesting unofficially that play would need to resume by 5.58pm otherwise the game would be a no result.
3.1;2;Amir to Finch, 2 runs back of a length wide of off, he opens the face and works it wide of third man for a couple;
2.6;1;Irfan to Finch, 1 run 136kph, full on leg, he drives back to the bowler who misfields and they pinched one;
2.5;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs 139kph, half volley, he's hanging back but slapped a drive straight of mid off, didn't time it perfectly but beat the man, Wahab has a long chase, he slides to save but as he went over the rope he touched the ball again before jumping back! Four runs;
2.4;?;Irfan to Finch, no run 138kph, half volley on off, he hangs back and miscues a punch to mid off;
2.3;6;Irfan to Finch, SIX runs tees off over square leg again! Set his feet early, cleared the left leg, got a length ball in the slot and smashed it high over square leg into the crowd again!;
2.3;5nb;Irfan to Finch, (no ball) FOUR runs over-steps and delivers a 122kph short wide throw down and Finch slaps it over cover-point with ease!;
2.2;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs half-volley leg stump slower ball, 117kph, he clips this beautifully between midwicket and mid on. Lovely timing;
2.1;6;Irfan to Finch, SIX runs boom over square leg! 136kph, back of a length, he cleared the left leg and swung it high up and over square and into the crowd! Towering stroke;
1.6;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run 124kph, back of a length on off, he defends with soft hands to cover and they take an easy one;
1.5;?;Amir to Finch, no run 138kph, back of a length on off, he's back and mistiming a punch back to the bowler;
1.4;1lb;Amir to Warner, 1 leg bye 139kph, he charges and gets hit on the pad but it was sliding down, the balls runs to gully and they get a leg bye;
1.3;1;Amir to Finch, 1 run 124kph, good length, nipping away a touch, he's squared up as he defends to cover but they pinch a run;
1.2;4;Amir to Finch, FOUR runs cracking back foot drive! Superb from Finch. Just a length ball, fourth stump line, he hung back and punched it powerfully through cover-point. No need to run;
1.1;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run 138kph, shorter length, he pulls from off stump behind square to the sweeper;
0.6;?;Irfan to Finch, no run nearly a run out! Finch pushes a length ball towards mid off and called yes but then yelled "no, no get back get back!". Warner slipped slightly but his dive just beat the throw back;
0.5;4;Irfan to Finch, FOUR runs 136kph, short and wide and he cuts neatly up and over point! Good shot. Using the pace and going up with the bounce;
0.4;?;Irfan to Finch, no run another high full toss at 138kph wide of off, but it does drop under waist high as he misses on the drive;
0.3;?;Irfan to Finch, no run good length, hint of shape in, he pushes forward and punches to cover;
0.2;1;Irfan to Warner, 1 run back of a length on off, he defends into the leg side and Finch calls Warner through;
0.1;?;Irfan to Warner, no run 137kph, waist high full toss! It shocks Warner as he bunts it down in surprise. Not called a no ball though. Umpire said it was under waist high;

David Warner will be on strike with Aaron Finch at the other end. Mohammad Irfan will let them fly with a slip in.
Wahab Riaz has said on the mic that they lost some momentum but it's a defendable target.
5.00pm Finally the players are coming out. Waleed: "Often i get frustrated with ridiculous organization in cricket sport. Why on earth we have such a long pause innings break when we are all starving for every single min of no rain time. So much time get wasted in cricket" Seems crazy doesn't it.
 Innings Start
1st T20I, Sydney, Nov 3 2019, Pakistan tour of Australia
107/5
41/0
Player of the match is 
