Data
9.10pm: Well, England did okay to see out the overs, in the end. But having been 94 for 2 in the 10th, they didn't exactly soar through the second half. Can they learn from how Australia bowled (and will they rue leaving out Liam Dawson's spin)? David Warner certainly kept the batsmen on their toes, making a bowling change every over from the fifth to the 19th. Anyway, that's it from me - Miller will be here to swing for the fences shortly
"Competitive score," declares Mike O. "Purchase in the pitch for the spinners and some variable for the quicks. Oz will struggle here..."
Webby: "Although a monumental collapse, we've got to remember this isn't England's strongest team. No Root, Ali or Plunkett. Like to think Root and Ali would have hung around. "
And here's Adam: "It finally looks like Australia have used common sense and picked a team on 20/20 merit and left Test stars out. How will Australia ever be any good at this format by picking players that only play 20/20 three times a year. "
19.6;6;Tye to Jordan, SIX runs Jordan whups it into the stands it deep midwicket! Stand and deliver, a meaty hoick across the line and it takes England past 150 in the process. But will that be competitive?;
19.5;1;Tye to Wood, 1 run pitched up, 133kph and drilled down the ground to long-off;
19.4;2;Tye to Wood, 2 runs slower delivery outside off and Wood carves it away through backward point, Stoinis does well in the deep to prevent four;
19.3;?;Tye to Wood, no run back of a length and rising over the stumps as Wood swings in vain again;
19.2;1;Tye to Jordan, 1 run takes the pace off, Jordan gets a looping leading edge into the covers, almost two there, as well, but he slipped trying to turn;
19.1;2;Tye to Jordan, 2 runs full and clubbed high into the off side, he's managed to land it between deep cover and Warner running back from mid-off for a couple;
18.6;?;Kane Richardson to Wood, no run slips in the yorker to finish the over, Wood blocks it;
18.5;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run fired in quick, 135kph with Jordan stepping out to drill a drive to the cover sweeper;
18.4;1;Kane Richardson to Wood, 1 run full outside off and taking the pace off again, heaved through midwicket off the inside edge;
18.3;?;Kane Richardson to Wood, no run slower, the offcutter bounces past the shoulder of the bat as Wood stays in the crease;
18.2;?;Kane Richardson to Wood, no run back of a length, Wood backs away and flails at it without making contact;
18.1;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run slower delivery, rising up outside off, tapped down for one;
15.6;?;Maxwell to Jordan, no run floated up and Jordan props forward;
15.5;1;Maxwell to Rashid, 1 run fired in flat on leg stump, nudged through square leg;
15.4;W;Maxwell to Willey, OUT stumped, Willey loses his head! And his wicket... A misbegotten charge and Carey whips off the bails, Willey nowhere near getting his foot back;David Willey st ?Carey b Maxwell 3 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
15.3;W;Maxwell to Malan, OUT tossed up and Malan slog-sweeps... picks out deep backward square leg! Maxwell strikes again and England's anchor is sunk, Malan safely pouched just in front of the rope for a round 50;Dawid Malan c Tye b Maxwell 50 (62m 36b 5x4 2x6) SR: 138.88;
15.2;1;Maxwell to Willey, 1 run flat, Willey stands in the crease and clubs a single through the covers;
15.1;?;Maxwell to Willey, no run fired in outside off, stabbed square;
14.6;?;Agar to Malan, no run sliding on with the arm outside off, Malan tries to get cute with a reverse-ramp sort of doohickey... but misses;
14.5;1;Agar to Willey, 1 run tossed up and poked into a gap through mid-off;
14.4;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run flighted, Malan heaves into the leg side, not a great connection and they can't come back for two... But that's his fifty, second in consecutive T20 innings for England;
14.3;1;Agar to Willey, 1 run pushed through in the channel and angled away behind point;
14.2;?;Agar to Willey, no run stays round the wicket, fired in and tapped back;
14.1;W;Agar to Billings, OUT tossed up, grip and spin, Billings' leading edge this time goes straight back to the bowler! Australia chipping away, a second return catch for Agar, this one even more straightforward. Billings frowns to himself and strides off;Sam Billings c & b Agar 10 (10m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 111.11;
17.6;?;Tye to Wood, no run well bowled, the cutter rising in the corridor as Wood pokes at it and misses;
17.5;1;Tye to Jordan, 1 run slow delivery outside off and dabbed square;
17.4;1;Tye to Wood, 1 run pitched up outside off, Wood plinks into the covers and they scuttle through as the throw comes in;
17.3;1;Tye to Jordan, 1 run worked into a gap;
17.2;W;Tye to Tom Curran, OUT does him for (lack of) pace and Curran is gone second ball! Trying to whack it down the ground, completely foxed by the knuckleball and chipped to Warner backpedaling from mid-off;Tom Curran c Warner b Tye 6 (4m 2b 0x4 1x6) SR: 300;
17.1;1;Tye to Jordan, 1 run full outside off and driven square;
16.6;6;Stanlake to Tom Curran, SIX runs wallop! Curran hooks his first ball into the crowd at deep square leg! Dug in short by Stanlake, 138kph but there's no mucking about and he mows it several rows back;
16.5;1lb;Stanlake to Jordan, 1 leg bye quick, sliding in with arm, hit on the thigh hanging back;
16.4;2;Stanlake to Jordan, 2 runs short of a length outside off and Jordan carves a couple away through backward point;
16.3;W;Stanlake to Rashid, OUT banged in short, Rashid pulls and picks out deep square leg! Looked like Rashid was through his shot early, maybe expecting it to be quicker, and it flew off the toe of the bat straight to Stoinis, who clasped it low down in front of him;Adil Rashid c Stoinis b Stanlake 1 (3m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
16.2;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run taking the pace off, back of a length outside off and Rashid swings and misses;
16.1;?;Stanlake to Rashid, no run length outside off and Rashid swats it towards point;
13.6;1;Kane Richardson to Billings, 1 run length, sticks in the pitch and Billings gets a leading edge... but it lands safely in the covers and they nip through for one more;
13.5;2;Kane Richardson to Billings, 2 runs back of a length and worked away off the hip to fine leg for a couple;
13.4;?;Kane Richardson to Billings, no run;
13.3;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run clubbed over mid-off, bottom hand comes off the bat, lands short of long-off;
13.2;1;Kane Richardson to Billings, 1 run fullish outside off, 137kph and sliced for one to third man;
13.1;4;Kane Richardson to Billings, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Billing drives.. and snicks four wide of the diving Carey! That's one way to get 'em;
12.6;1;Stoinis to Billings, 1 run full on the pads, clipped through square leg;
12.5;1;Stoinis to Malan, 1 run full on leg stump, driven down the ground for a single;
12.5;1w;Stoinis to Malan, 1 wide slower bouncer, Malan watches it through outside off... called wide, though;
12.4;1;Stoinis to Billings, 1 run fired in at the pads and Billings works his first run through midwicket;
12.3;?;Stoinis to Billings, no run length ball, 132kph on off, Billing shows it a classical straight bat in defence;
12.2;W;Stoinis to Buttler, OUT fullish, 129kph in the channel... and Buttler plops it straight into the hands of mid-off! Caught in two minds, I think, not a full-blooded drive, maybe duped by a cutter and he ended up chipping it to man on the ring;Jos Buttler c Maxwell b Stoinis 5 (14m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
12.2;1w;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 wide goes for the tramlines... but slides outside for an extra;
12.1;1;Stoinis to Malan, 1 run pitched up straight and punched down the ground to long-on;
11.6;?;Tye to Buttler, no run length, angled in and Buttler can only prod it back to the bowler - good over, just the four runs off it;
11.5;1;Tye to Malan, 1 run another slowie, on the pads and worked through square leg for one;
11.4;?;Tye to Malan, no run foxed him, banged in short at full pace and Malan can't time his pull, wears the ball on the shoulder with it then deflecting up into his helmet;
11.3;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run short ball, sits back and guides one down to third man;
11.2;1;Tye to Malan, 1 run slower ball, wide of the stumps and Malan leans out to stroke a Test-match drive to the cover sweeper;
11.1;1;Tye to Buttler, 1 run floated up on the stumps and worked through midwicket;
10.6;4;Agar to Malan, FOUR runs oh, good placement, Malan skips down and splunks four more! Used the feet and cracked the ball into the gap between long-on and deep midwicket - that's the England 100 up, too;
10.5;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run flat, 88kph on off stump, punched through the covers coming forwards;
10.4;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run lobbed up full and Malan sweeps one through square leg;
10.3;?;Agar to Malan, no run pushed through outside off, beats the bat... and Australia go up for the catch behind! Not given but Warner decides to review Gerard Abood's call. Looks to have slid past the edge by some distance, nothing on Hot Spot, so Malan will continue;
10.2;?;Agar to Malan, no run flat on the stumps, tapped away;
10.1;1;Agar to Buttler, 1 run tossed up from round the wicket and punched wide of mid-on;
9.6;1;Maxwell to Buttler, 1 run goes over the wicket, darted in on off, Buttler squeezes out an inside edge to get off the mark;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Malan, 1 run pushed through on the body, worked away to leg;
9.4;W;Maxwell to Morgan, OUT got 'im! Morgan goes for a hasty swipe down the ground and top edges to the edge of the ring! Nicely bowled by Maxwell, tossed it up a bit more, Morgan wasn't to the pitch and mishit the ball straight up, Warner steadying himself well at mid-off to take the catch;Eoin Morgan c Warner b Maxwell 22 (12m 14b 2x4 1x6) SR: 157.14;
9.3;4;Maxwell to Morgan, FOUR runs slugged over cover, Maxwell gives him a fraction of width and Morgan belabours it in front of deep point;
9.2;2;Maxwell to Morgan, 2 runs flighted, Morgan swings hard across the line, gets a big top edge over the keeper and it spins away for a couple;
9.1;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run darted in flat and patted back to the bowler;
8.6;6;Stanlake to Malan, SIX runs length ball, on the pads and dumped beyond the ropes again! Malan goes biggedy-biggedy-bong, just a club cricket heave to leg and it sails almost into the England dugout at deep midwicket;
8.5;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run goes full and wide of the stumps now, 144kph and Malan doesn't strike it cleanly, rolls to mid-off;
8.4;1;Stanlake to Morgan, 1 run slower ball, comes out full again, Morgan doesn't cash it as he collars one through square leg;
8.3;?;Stanlake to Morgan, no run fired in full, Morgan blocks it back to the bowler;
8.2;1lb;Stanlake to Malan, 1 leg bye length ball pitching outside leg, 148kph, jumps down and tries to hit across the line, it deflects off the pads;
8.2;1w;Stanlake to Malan, 1 wide banged in at 140kph, above head height as Malan sways under it;
8.1;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run starts with a low full toss but Malan doesn't get hold of it;
7.6;1;Head to Malan, 1 run angled in flat, Malan nudges one more through mid-on;
7.5;1;Head to Morgan, 1 run floated up, punched in front of square;
7.4;?;Head to Morgan, no run dobbed on off stump with the arm and tapped away;
7.3;6;Head to Morgan, SIX runs tossed up and plonked into the stand at wide long-off! Looked like a mishit off the bat, but it went a full 90 metres!;
7.2;2;Head to Morgan, 2 runs fired in and driven, Warner gets a hand on it in the covers but can't prevent a couple;
7.1;4;Head to Morgan, FOUR runs poor ball to start off, slings down a full toss from round the wicket and Morgan bullies his first boundary through cover;
6.6;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run darted in flat and quick, flicked through the leg side;
6.5;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run drops a touch short, Malan stands up and punches off the back foot through point;
6.4;2;Agar to Malan, 2 runs good stuff from Malan, reversing the hands and swiping it past short third man for a couple;
6.3;1;Agar to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Morgan works it with the spin through midwicket to get off the mark;
6.2;?;Agar to Morgan, no run angled across from round the wicket, tapped to backward point;
6.1;W;Agar to Hales, OUT round the wicket, angled in and straightening, pops off the leading edge - and Agar dances around Malan backing up to take a smart low catch! He lost sight of it momentarily but took it without drama. Australia break through;Alex Hales c & b Agar 22 (28m 15b 4x4 0x6) SR: 146.66;
5.6;4;Stoinis to Malan, FOUR runs short, 134kph but it's leg side and Malan aggressively cracks it the fence at deep backward square for another boundary to end a productive Powerplay for England;
5.5;4;Stoinis to Malan, FOUR runs full, offcutter, Malan gets a big stride in and whumps it over cover, skips away in front of deep point for four;
5.4;?;Stoinis to Malan, no run slower ball, Malan tries to pull... and loops it short of mid-on!;
5.3;1;Stoinis to Hales, 1 run fullish, squirted towards backward point and there's some momentary confusion, meaning Hales has to race to the non-striker's end... but Maxwell's throw was high;
5.2;1;Stoinis to Malan, 1 run dragged down and Malan swats one to deep backward square leg;
5.1;?;Stoinis to Malan, no run short, taking the pace off, nudged to leg;
4.6;1;Tye to Malan, 1 run slower delivery, again leg side and Malan tucks one more off his pads;
4.5;1;Tye to Hales, 1 run dropped into the covers coming across;
4.4;1;Tye to Malan, 1 run slower delivery, on the pads and tucked through square for one;
4.3;1;Tye to Hales, 1 run short and down the leg side, two men back now and Hales slugs a single to deep square;
4.2;?;Tye to Hales, no run good length, 130kph around off stump and blocked;
4.1;4;Tye to Hales, FOUR runs urgh, that's off line, short and leg side and helped on its way over the head of short fine leg for four more;
3.6;?;Kane Richardson to Malan, no run in the channel, 140kph and sliding across, Malan watchfully lets it go;
3.5;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run fired in straight and worked to leg for one;
3.4;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs squeezed past backward point, gets it away! It was in the air for a while, as Hales chopped down on it, but Maxwell couldn't get there;
3.3;?;Kane Richardson to Hales, no run oof, this gets through, 140kph and nibbling a fraction, past the bat as Hales hangs back;
3.2;?;Kane Richardson to Hales, no run responds well, slower delivery in the channel, Hales is duped and fails to connect;
3.1;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs treatment for Richardson now! Hales backs away and the bowler follows him, heaved into the leg side and away;
2.6;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run better line, Malan shows it a straight bat;
2.5;2;Stanlake to Malan, 2 runs pitched up and clipped off the pads for a couple through midwicket;
2.4;6;Stanlake to Malan, SIX runs swung over deep backward square - that's a Dorothy! Superb maneouvering of the bowler, Malan shuffles across and just impudently flicks it using the pace, sails all the way for England's first six;
2.3;4;Stanlake to Malan, FOUR runs off, that's a shot... full outside off and Malan steps out to cream a drive in princely fashion to the cover rope!;
2.2;?;Stanlake to Malan, no run short, 144kph, he latches on to the pull but clatters it to midwicket;
2.1;4;Stanlake to Malan, FOUR runs pitched up and that's four more! Stanlake's pace is being used to better effect by England, Malan timing one off his toes;
1.6;?;Kane Richardson to Hales, no run angled in on a length and tapped down;
1.5;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run short, worked off the body for one behind square on the leg side;
1.4;W;Kane Richardson to Roy, OUT swing for Richardson, Roy chases it on the drive - but plinked off the toe to extra cover! Impetuous shot, nowhere near the line and Richardson bags the opening wicket, Roy trying to crash it on the up over the off side again but dollying up a simple catch. Looks like a slower delivery, in fact;Jason Roy c Tye b Richardson 9 (7m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
1.3;?;Kane Richardson to Roy, no run length, 135kph and swatted into the covers;
1.2;1;Kane Richardson to Hales, 1 run dropped! Maxwell at backward point, he seemed to be going the wrong way, off balance and grassed despite getting both hands to it;
1.1;4;Kane Richardson to Hales, FOUR runs pitched up in the channel and boomed through cover for four! Hales gets going with his first boundary;
0.6;1;Stanlake to Hales, 1 run good length, 144kph and Hales prods forward, gets a thick edge through square leg;
0.5;1;Stanlake to Roy, 1 run back of a length, dabbed down into the on side and they scamper through;
0.4;2;Stanlake to Roy, 2 runs straying leg side again and Roy diverts it a bit squarer, Kane Richardson cuts it off at fine leg this time;
0.3;4;Stanlake to Roy, FOUR runs length ball, 145kph/90mph and sliding into the pads, Roy flicks him fine... and it runs all the way for England's first boundary!;
0.3;1w;Stanlake to Roy, 1 wide shortish, swinging away this time, Roy shuffles across but won't reach it;
0.2;?;Stanlake to Roy, no run back of a length, 146kph and snaking back in, Roy lets it go;
0.1;2;Stanlake to Roy, 2 runs touch short outside off and Roy climbs into it first ball, not cleanly timed but clubbed on the up over cover for a couple to start off;

Right, shall we? Looks like Billy Stanlake is going to bowl the first over today, Jason Roy on strike... Hold on to your bassoon!
7.35pm: Where in the world is Sam Curran? It seems our scorecard may be misinformed (although I believe we got that from the ECB). Here's dez: "Sam Curran was in Hobart yesterday Alan, as per the video on the ECB website... I think you need to tell whoever looks after your Lions scorecard to buy some glasses as it must have been someone else!"
"Unusually England don't appear to have any back up bowlers, and the lower order doesn't look as strong as usual," squeaks James, shifting uncomfortably
Here's Richard: "According to the ECB's card - Mason Crane and not Sam Curran bowled 13 overs for 57 in that game in Jamaica." Yes, that seems to be the mix up. We're getting it fixed
7.25pm: So, England have gone with pace, with just Adil Rashid to bowl spin. Australia's attack polished off New Zealand with ominous ease the other day and they have lots of bowling options - Head, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis or even D'Arcy Short could take on Zampa's overs today. The square boundaries are quite short at Bellerive, so both sides will be looking to target them.
Here's Soobo: "I hope Warner got some strategies worked out. This line up looks more dangerous than new Zealand's. "
Steve, on the other hand... "Have to say this England team look (unsurprisingly) quite weak without any of Stokes, Woakes, Moeen or even Root to balance it. Needs the top order properly to fire and none of the 5 bowlers to have a stinker or it could be messy"
7.10pm: Come on then... Australia win the toss and bowl, they've made one change to the team that thumped NZ: Travis Head returns in place of Adam Zampa. "We've got a bit of batting depth," says Warner, "so I back us to chase tonight." England have preferred Tom Curran to Liam Dawson, meanwhile. "The wicket looks beautiful, it's played very consistently during the Big Bash," says Morgan, adding he doesn't mind setting a target.
Australia: 1 David Warner (capt), 2 D'Arcy Short, 3 Chris Lynn, 4 Glenn Maxwell, 5 Travis Head, 6 Marcus Stoinis, 7 Alex Carey (wk), 8 Ashton Agar, 9 Andrew Tye, 10 Kane Richardson, 11 Billy Stanlake
England: 1 Jason Roy, 2 Alex Hales, 3 Dawid Malan, 4 Eoin Morgan (capt), 5 Jos Buttler (wk), 6 Sam Billings 7 David Willey, 8 Adil Rashid, 9 Chris Jordan, 10, Tom Curran, 11 Mark Wood
"Erm, Sam Curran appears to be playing for the Lions in Jamaica, so I don't think he'll be playing here today." Well spotted, Peter - he does seem to have gone to the Caribbean. Not sure when that happened!
7pm: We'll get answers to some of this soon, but it's a genuine point of intrigue as to how England will line up. Without Joe Root, Ben Stokes and Moeen Ali, and maybe a couple more depending on injuries, there are opportunities for the likes of Dawid Malan, Sam Billings and, perhaps, Sam Curran. Will they push Jos Buttler up the order? Can T20 help Eoin Morgan rediscover his batting spark? Gnasher has run the rule over some of England's pre-series questions.
"Bit worried about Roy and Hales injury. If they are not picked, then who will fill the stots?" They're both expected to be fit, bappi. But otherwise, James VInce and possibly David Willey (but more likely Billings/Malan) would come in to open
6.50pm: Hey ho, let's go. The opening tri-series match was a bit of a hit'n'gurgle, as New Zealand swirled the drain at a soggy Sydney, but Hobart promises sound and fury signifying plenty. England gunned down Australia comprehensively during the ODI series but David Warner has already overseen an uptick in form in the shortest format... A bright-eyed and beaming BBL bunch, led by Billy Stanlake and his 150kph thunderbolts, await the English aggressors, ready to meet fire with a flamethrower of their own. You've got time to get your peepers around our match preview, before news of the toss and teams in 20 mins.
 Innings Start
11.12pm Artemis: "That's two smart innings from Maxwell in this tournament so far. A good 40 not out against NZ to prevent an embarrassing situation and now a brilliant century. Still to be dismissed after two games. That has to be mature enough for the Aussie selectors." 143 not out from 82 balls in the series ... he is in an exceptionally good place at the moment. Thanks for your comments, Australia are bossing this tournament, but can England get their revenge on Saturday? They might need to at this rate...
161 is also the lowest team total in which a player has scored a century, which is a notable stat... beating Scotland and Richie Berrington by one run!
11.03pm Well, that was fun. What a display from Maxwell. Without him, it could conceivably have been close, but with him on top form, it was a rout. He picked the slower balls like a bowl of cherries, and for the first time in T20I history, a player has made a hundred and claimed three wickets in the same match. Let's give David Willey the Man of the Match for the bantz.
Dhaval : "Surely Kings XI owners might have lost a bunch of hair as they might have pulled it hard after watching the Big Show on display today. What a player!! "
Matt Cowell: "What do ya say now Mr SPD Smith?! The Big Show has made more runs in one innings that you made in the whole ODI 5 match series!" But is he training smart?
18.3;6;Wood to Maxwell, SIX runs swung mightily over the leg side, and it plops over the rope for the century! Stunning batting from the Big Show who, frankly, was the only show in town today.;
18.2;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run banged in short, battered hard into the covers, but can't beat the field;
18.1;1;Wood to Carey, 1 run on the back foot, a tucked single to the leg side ... and Maxwell is on strike with the scores level!;
17.6;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs low full toss, crunched up and over the covers, just out of the reach of the back-pedalling fielder, and they come back for two ... He's probably blown his hundred now!;
17.5;4;Tom Curran to Maxwell, FOUR runs clears the front dog, slams the bat through the line, another slower ball is dispatched over the covers...;
17.4;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs tucked to leg, and a frantic sprint to make it back for two, keeping the strike and hustling into the 90s ... it's On!;
17.3;4;Tom Curran to Maxwell, FOUR runs another slower ball, and pounded through midwicket! He hangs on the back foot, waiting for the ball to arrive, then slaps it, tennis-style into the gap;
17.2;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs a slashed slog high over point, plugs in the deep and the sweeper slides round to gather;
17.1;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run short, slow, outside off, dabbed to backward point;
16.6;1;Jordan to Carey, 1 run inside-edged into the pads, and rolls into the off side;
16.5;1lb;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 leg bye full length once again, flicks the pads and worked to leg;
16.4;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs smashed in the air ... is this the chance England need? No, Billings bales out of the catch and opts to defend the boundary instead;
16.3;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs Maxwell is turning on the Big Show now! Battered on the up, an arrow-straight blade, and that's an excellent intercept from Billings at long-on;
16.2;4;Jordan to Maxwell, FOUR runs inside-out drive through point, a full-length delivery outside off, and that's tremendous;
16.1;1;Jordan to Carey, 1 run on the pads and worked square;
15.6;1;Willey to Carey, 1 run punched on the up to mid-on;
15.5;W;Willey to Head, OUT timber! Inswinging yorker, and that'll help England's cause!;Travis Head b Willey 6 (23m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 46.15;
15.4;1lb;Willey to Maxwell, 1 leg bye deflects off the legs, well gathered by Willey in his followthrough, and his shy pings the stumps! Safely home though ...;
15.3;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs pounded through the leg side once again, to Roy's right this time, and now Australia are cooking again!;
15.2;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs battered high and hard over long-off, there's the precious boundary, but Roy nearly puts his head straight through the boundary hoarding in his eagerness to intercept!;
15.1;1;Willey to Head, 1 run back of a length, wide of off stump, Head attempts to biff the leather off this one, but can't connect properly;
14.6;1;Tom Curran to Head, 1 run smeared across the line, more good contact but the sweepers are back on the legside boundary, and Jordan cuts this off with ease;
14.5;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run slow again, back of a length, pinged with intent to deep square leg, but Willey's tumbling stop cuts off the four. England are taking this deep;
14.4;1;Tom Curran to Head, 1 run yorker, sharp delivery, and good running too, as the dug-out delivery rolls up the pitch to cover;
14.3;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run another slower ball, squeezed out to deep point;
14.2;1;Tom Curran to Head, 1 run worked to mid-on;
14.1;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run slower ball, thumped down to long-off;
13.6;?;Jordan to Head, no run outside off, yorker length, beats an ambitious slap through point;
13.5;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run eased down to long-on;
13.4;1;Jordan to Head, 1 run another slow bouncer, mistimed on the pull to backward square;
13.3;2lb;Jordan to Head, 2 leg byes backs away for a slap, Jordan sees him go and follows him with the bouncer, and a cue-end slides down to third man;
13.2;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run a sliced drive into the covers, utterly nailed, head over the ball and flinging his hands through the line. But straight to the sweeper;
13.1;2;Jordan to Maxwell, 2 runs thumped down to long-off;
12.6;?;Rashid to Head, no run tucked into the leg side;
12.5;?;Rashid to Head, no run nurdled to midwicket;
12.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run striding forward, thumped to cover;
12.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run misjudged from Maxwell, a weak front-foot biff over the covers, and almost misjudged by Roy at long-off as well! The umpires are checking, as Roy had to lean forward at the last minute to scoop it off the turf, and well, this looks short of his fingers, but the soft signal is out... this is a huge call. And it is NOT OUT! Such a tight call either way. Roy looks utterly nonplussed.;
12.3;1w;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 wide whoops. A big legbreak but starts wide and goes wider;
12.2;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run nudged on the up out to long-on;
12.1;3;Rashid to Maxwell, 3 runs outside off, reverse sweep, well placed behind point;
11.6;?;Wood to Head, no run angled defence into the off side;
11.5;?;Wood to Head, no run good delivery, back of a length, beats the splice and through to the keeper. There's a slip in place for the new batsman, as Morgan goes hunting for wickets;
11.4;W;Wood to Stoinis, OUT oops, he's gone and given it away! A wild swipe on the up, and top-edged to mid-off, where it plops, with goober-like ease, into Sam Billings' hands;Marcus Stoinis c Billings b Wood 6 (13m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
11.3;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs smashed through the covers, a welcome opportunity to release the pressure;
11.2;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run wide on the crease, and cramping Maxwell on the back foot;
11.1;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run short and sharp, and just about within the margins for an above-the-shoulder wide. Barely, in fact...;
10.6;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run whittled to the leg side from back of a length;
10.5;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run tossed up again, luring Maxwell down the pitch but he can't beat short cover on the drive;
10.4;2;Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length, thumped hard through midwicket where Malan does brilliantly with a full-length dive to save the four;
10.3;4;Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR runs a cracking slap over the covers. Clears the front leg and pounds the bat through the line, and up comes his half-century from a decidedly brisk 30 balls;
10.2;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up again but slides straight on. Cunning variations;
10.1;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run a humungous mow as Rashid rips his legbreak. That's an eyeopening amount of turn;
9.6;1;Wood to Stoinis, 1 run crunched to cover off a full length;
9.5;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run walloped to point;
9.4;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run thumped to cover off the back foot;
9.3;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run sharp from Wood, jumping wide on the crease and lifting past the edge of a tentative push;
9.2;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run back of a length, angled into the right-hander, nudged to point;
9.1;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run punched to mid-off;
8.6;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run beautiful follow-up, a late dipping, sharp turning legbreak, and Buttler whips off the bails as well... the umpires are taking a precautionary look. The toe wriggled, but nothing untoward there;
8.6;1w;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 wide wrong'un, down the leg side;
8.5;?;Rashid to Stoinis, no run back of a length, a gently turning legbreak;
8.4;W;Rashid to Short, OUT tossed up, battered back at the bowler, and plucked in one hand in front of his face! A stunning instinctive take, Rashid didn't know much about that to be honest, but he spread his fingers wide and has given England a glimmer;D'Arcy Short c & b Rashid 30 (40m 20b 2x4 2x6) SR: 150;
8.3;?;Rashid to Short, no run tucked to midwicket again, looking for the single;
8.2;?;Rashid to Short, no run sliding into the pads this time and worked to leg;
8.1;?;Rashid to Short, no run sharp spinning googly, beats the left-hander;
7.6;4;Tom Curran to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's tremendous, an open-faced glide through third man, pure placement, and England look bereft of answers right now;
7.5;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run tickled off the pads to short backward square, another slower ball;
7.4;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run another low full toss, on the pads and tapped to midwicket;
7.3;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run slower ball, back of a length, thumped to cover with a loud "grr" as Maxwell feels he missed out there;
7.2;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run back of a length and beats the outside edge;
7.1;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs low full toss, and dropped at deep square leg! Flicked off the toes, and Hales is the culprit, a bit of a goober if truth be told. Is that England's opportunity gone?;
6.6;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run drilled along the ground to complete another brisk over. And England need a breakthrough rather urgently;
6.5;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs backs away, slaps on the up, and high over the covers! That is tremendous batting;
6.4;6;Rashid to Maxwell, SIX runs googly, but picked early and battered into the stands! Fractionally too short as well, plenty room to swing the arms;
6.3;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run big spin! Maxwell leans forward but is beaten by late dip;
6.2;1;Rashid to Short, 1 run nudged off the toes;
6.1;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run decent line and length, tapped to the leg side;
5.6;?;Jordan to Short, no run attempted yorker, strikes the toes as Short stumbles at the crease, and England are reviewing.Looks like there's no bat involved, but it is definitely leg-sided. Sure enough, pitched outside, and on we go;
5.5;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run low full toss, on the pads, flipped to the leg side;
5.4;4;Jordan to Maxwell, FOUR runs backs away again, and slices a slap over the covers! Unconventional but highly effective, clearing the ring and racing to the rope;
5.3;6;Jordan to Maxwell, SIX runs no qualms about this one! Back of a length, picks the slower ball, eases onto the back foot and slams an uppercut of a pull out into the midwicket stands!;
5.2;?;Jordan to Maxwell, no run retreats to leg and attempts a mow, but straight to point;
5.1;4;Jordan to Maxwell, FOUR runs whipped off the hip and just out of the reach of short backward square! It was timed and placed to perfection in the end...;
4.6;6;Tom Curran to Short, SIX runs another slower ball, but too short this time from Curran, and Short has all the time in the world to size up his swing of the blade and dump a massive six over the bowler's head. A dent in an otherwise decent over;
4.5;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run another swing of the bat, inside-edged out through square leg this time;
4.4;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run a massive yahoo from Maxwell as he retreats to leg and attempts to pound a drive high over the covers;
4.3;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run flicked off the legs out to deep midwicket. England are getting into the groove now after Short's initial flurry;
4.2;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run another slower ball, arriving with the momentum of a powder-puff, and tapped into the leg side;
4.1;1;Tom Curran to Short, 1 run short and leg-sided, attempted pull but under-edged as Curran rolls his fingers on the ball;
3.6;?;Jordan to Maxwell, no run another slower ball, inswinging into the right-hander, and tucked into the leg side. A fine over, applying a bit of a handbrake to Australia's progress;
3.5;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run chiselled on the up, out through the leg side;
3.4;?;Jordan to Short, no run eased into the covers, as the pace comes off the ball;
3.3;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run clipped into the leg side, just back of a length, quick call for the single;
3.2;1;Jordan to Short, 1 run on the pads, tucked into the leg side;
3.1;1;Jordan to Maxwell, 1 run drilled on the up out through backward point;
2.6;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run inside-edged drive to deep backward square;
2.5;4;Willey to Maxwell, FOUR runs stand and deliver, and battered out through cow corner. Willey's length has gone walkabout in this over;
2.4;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run back of a length, a bit of late swing, and an inside-edge cannons off the midriff and down into the crease;
2.3;1;Willey to Short, 1 run much fuller, attacking the toes, and chiselled to midwicket;
2.2;6;Willey to Short, SIX runs pow! That is vast, picks the length so early, and pounds a high handsome swing into the stands at square leg;
2.1;?;Willey to Short, no run poked off the back foot to point;
1.6;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run good riposte, a sharp lifter outside off, induces a flinch;
1.5;3;Wood to Short, 3 runs hoicked out through midwicket, hitting down on the ball all the time to maintain control, well intercepted on the midwicket boundary;
1.4;4;Wood to Short, FOUR runs punched off the back foot, through the covers, that's good counterattacking cricket;
1.3;4;Wood to Short, FOUR runs banged in short, hauled out through square leg. Nailed it;
1.2;?;Wood to Short, no run back of a length, attacking the splice, and defended back down the pitch;
1.1;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run outside off, takes the edge, and nudged down to third man;
0.6;1;Willey to Maxwell, 1 run up on the toes, punched into the covers;
0.6;1w;Willey to Maxwell, 1 wide swing again, but down the leg side;
0.5;?;Willey to Maxwell, no run ooh, well bowled, rolled the fingers, and just nibbled past the edge;
0.4;W;Willey to Lynn, OUT more inswing, and straight through the gate! Perfect line and length, Lynn's feet went nowhere as he heaved meekly down the wrong line, and we've got a contest;Chris Lynn b Willey 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.3;?;Willey to Lynn, no run hint of inswing on a leg-stump line, cramping the Popeye-forearmed Lynn for room;
0.2;W;Willey to Warner, OUT short, pulled, out! Utterly leathered, but straight to deep square leg. And, well, we've got fireworks already!;David Warner c Hales b Willey 4 (2m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.1;4;Willey to Warner, FOUR runs ping! On a good length, Warner plants the front foot and biffs hard and straight over the top of the bowler's head!;

9.27pm Welcome back to Hobart. Australia need 156 to secure their second win of the Tri-Series. Funnily enough, England's total is exactly the same as they made in a certain contest in Kolkata...hint
 Innings Start
England
Australia
2nd Match (N), Hobart, Feb 7 2018, Trans-Tasman Twenty20 Tri-Series
155/9
161/5
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 9 balls remaining)
