Data
9.08 pm Far cry from the first innings last night by West Indies. Simmons, Hetmyer Bravo and Russell all with significant contributions to get the hosts to 196. Starc's mighty struggles continue and nobody else really helped to cover that up. This will be a difficult chase for the visitors. Stay with us as Andrew McGlashan takes over the central commentary position for the start of the chase.
Rahul Sargam : "123 in last 10 overs, that's the windies power they're known for. I had a doubt on promotion of DJ Bravo, but he made it to the perfection and played the anchoring role pretty well. Great score on the board, now time to bowl well. If windies loses from here then I will be the most disappointed man in the world. "
19.6;6;Christian to Russell, SIX runs exclamation mark to end the innings from Dre Russ! Christian gets the yorker fractionally wrong on leg stump and it lands not full enough, Russell heaves this powerfully over the boundary boards into the medical staff tent over long-on for six.;
19.5;1;Christian to Bravo, 1 run low full toss on Bravo's legs, the bat flies out of his hands yet again this over heaving for the leg side and the bat bounces down the pitch toward Christian while the ball flutters over square leg for a long single.;
19.4;1;Christian to Russell, 1 run short ball wide on sixth stump, slaps this high over cover for a long single.;
19.3;2;Christian to Russell, 2 runs yorker on leg stump, scuffs this out to wide long-on and they scamper a tight second.;
19.2;4;Christian to Russell, FOUR runs full on leg stump, Russell clears the front leg to heave this flat through wide long-on, splits two boundary riders to the rope.;
19.1;1;Christian to Bravo, 1 run poor from Zampa at fine leg! Swirling top edge on a length ball from Bravo, and the bat flies out of his hands toward midwicket in the process. The ball is in the air for an eternity but Zampa has a difficult time judging it in the swirling night wind and never gets a hand to it in the end as his desperate lunge at the final moment ends two feet away from the ball plopping into the turf.;
19.1;1w;Christian to Bravo, 1 wide leaps very wide of the crease and hurls a ball way behind Bravo for a wide.;
18.6;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run another misfired yorker lands on a full length on leg stump as Bravo goes inside out over cover for a long single to the sweeper.;
18.5;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs attempted yorker and the length is wrong again as a shin high full toss on off stump is sliced off a thick edge between the keeper and short third man for four.;
18.4;1;Starc to Russell, 1 run bouncer on leg stump, Russell ducks and hooks simultaneously to deep square leg on one bounce.;
18.3;6;Starc to Russell, SIX runs length ball on off stump, another missed yorker from Starc and Russell clobbers this into the night over wide long-on.;
18.2;4;Starc to Russell, FOUR runs overpitched on middle, can't get the yorker right and flicks this flat over backward square for a boundary.;
18.1;?;Starc to Russell, no run yorker on fifth stump, Russell scuffs this out back to Starc in his follow-through.;
17.6;2;Hazlewood to Bravo, 2 runs yorker on middle, backs away to create room to drive this wide of extra cover and a sliding stop at wide long-off turns four into two.;
17.5;W;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, OUT full and very wide, tries another heave over the leg side and misses. Bravo is ready to scamper a bye but Hetmyer is very late responding and Wade's relay to Hazlewood is early enough for Hazlewood to have time for an underhand flick into the stumps from five yards out. In truth he could have run to the stumps and taken the bails off with ball in hand.;Shimron Hetmyer run out (?Wade/Hazlewood) 61 (59m 36b 2x4 4x6) SR: 169.44;
17.4;2;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, 2 runs full and wide, slices a thick edge over short third man for a pair.;
17.3;4;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, FOUR runs full and straight outside leg stump, Hetmyer clears the front leg to create room the heave this over backward square again for another boundary.;
17.2;4;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, FOUR runs full on the legs, chips this elegantly over backward square leg for a one bounce four.;
17.2;2nb;Hazlewood to Bravo, (no ball) 1 run yorker follows Bravo backing away from leg and inside edges this off the pads into the leg side for one.;
17.1;1lb;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, 1 leg bye slower ball lands full on the legs, goes for a leg side heave but misses off the pads.;
16.6;6;Starc to Bravo, SIX runs length ball on the body at 143 kph, Bravo gets inside the line to pull and top edges this over fine leg as it sails all the way over the rope.;
16.5;1;Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run bouncer on off stump, backs away to tennis racquet swat this to extra cover for a tight single. Relay to Starc over the stumps was low and fumbled but a direct hit would've been out.;
16.4;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run almost tries to repeat the shot to a full length ball but misses out this time around while stumbling over.;
16.3;6;Starc to Hetmyer, SIX runs yummyyyyyyyy! He brings up his 50 off 29 balls, and how! attempted yorker on middle, shuffles back and across to scoop the pace bowler over the keeper and it sails all the way for six.;
16.2;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run wide yorker on fifth stump, scuffed out to cover.;
16.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run low full toss on fifth stump at shin height, Bravo backs away and his head flails while swinging wildly and missing.;

Starc back around the stumps.
 Innings Start
10.52 pm Australia lose 10 wickets in a T20 for the second time in a row, first time that has happened to them since 2010. Last night's win is proven to be no fluke for the hosts as they romp home by 56 runs again in St Lucia. Once again the Australia batting looks feeble after the top order is back in the sheds. Meanwhile the West Indies middle-order depth boosted them to a big total before the likes of Walsh Jr, Cottrell, Russell, and Bravo bowled intelligently and were backed up by superb fielding to defend the total.
Shimron Hetmyer names Man of the Match: "I think it was one of my best T20 innings. I think I paced it quite well. It really worked out well for me with the guys backing me to be the guy to just take it as deep as possible. Kudos to my team for giving me that role. I really didn't do anything much differently tonight. It was just having a partnership in the middle to set a platform for us. I'm trying to be someone who can not only play shots but also rotate the strike and be there as long as possible. I never batted with Bravo before so it was really nice to bat with him for the first time and have a 100-run partnership. He was just telling me to keep going and just do what you do best. I really trusted him batting and running between the wickets."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "I don't think the wicket changed a huge amount again. It played pretty well. Chasing 190, you have to get off to a pretty good start and when your two openers get out cheaply, it puts a lot of pressure on a reasonably inexperienced - at least in terms of international T20 cricket - middle order. 110-run partnership between Hetmyer and Bravo, that's the difference in the game. I thought the front half of our [bowling] innings was pretty good. It's always tough bowling to a left-right combination with a big breeze going to one side of the ground."
Stand-in West Indies captain Nicholas Pooran: "Most pleasing is that tonight my record for winning the toss isn't good and we knew we'd have to bat first. We just said that we had to put a total on the board, do the same things we did last night but even better. The decision to send Dwayne up the order to keep a left-right combination was fantastic, seeing a senior player raising their hand and showing their experience. Dwayne asked the question [to come in at No. 5] and we just saw it was important to have a left-right combo with the wind factor so I held myself back. We know how dangerous we can be in the last five overs. We know how passionate Fabian is and sticking to the plan is very pleasing. Hayden, after working months and months day in and day out to come back tonight and be a match-winner for us is wonderful as well."
That's it from us tonight. Come back in two days for the third match in this series when I'll be back on the ball-by-ball duties with Andrew McGlashan. Until then, I'm Peter Della Penna. Take care!
19.2;W;Gayle to Hazlewood, OUT the Universe Boss takes the final wicket. Full on the stumps, Hazlewood backs away for a big slog and misses. The stumps are rattled. Gayle with a very earthly non-celebration after the ball hits the timber to cement victory.;Josh Hazlewood b Gayle 4 (3m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
19.1;1;Gayle to Starc, 1 run full on the stumps, driven to long-on.;
18.6;4;Cottrell to Hazlewood, FOUR runs full on middle, backs away to drive and a thick edge goes wide of Pooran to the third man rope.;
18.6;1w;Cottrell to Hazlewood, 1 wide bouncer outside off, too high for Hazlewood to play and a bonus run and ball will come.;
18.5;W;Cottrell to Zampa, OUT good length angled across fourth stump, Zampa shovels this straight to backward point. Akeal Hosein on as a sub takes it at waist height reaching to his right on the ring. Cottrell is so bored by the lack of drama with seven balls to go that he doesn't bother breaking out his patented military salute wicket celebration. West Indies are romping to victory.;Adam Zampa c sub (AJ Hosein) b Cottrell 3 (8m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
18.4;1;Cottrell to Starc, 1 run short and wide on fifth stump, slices a cut behind point and kept to one by a good track and relay from Fletcher.;
18.3;1;Cottrell to Zampa, 1 run slower ball lands short on the stumps, swats this high over the ring landing well short of Bravo at long-on.;
18.2;1;Cottrell to Starc, 1 run full on off stump at 130 kph, driven back past Cottrell to long-on for one.;
18.1;?;Cottrell to Starc, no run short on the stumps, pulled along the ground into midwicket but picks out the man on the ring.;

Cottrell returns for a death over.
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Gros Islet, Jul 10 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
196/4
140
Player of the match is Shimron Hetmyer, WI
West Indies won by 56 runs
