Data
Alex: "No time for messing around with the batting order to test scenarios Abhijeet Pawar, more rain is on the way according to the radar and Australia need the win for a home semi final." -- There's a quarterfinal to get past before that too...
Abhijeet Pawar had sent in this comment just before play resumed: "Give a bowl to Starc, finish them below 150, open batting with Faulkner-Haddin and check how they stand up when 150-odd runs are required with tailenders to come after that. Quite possible situation in knockouts for 350+ chases."
4.57pm Australia have completed the first half of their task quickly, having sent Scotland in because of the threat of rain. Will they change their batting order around in pursuit of 131? We will see soon.
25.4;W;Starc to Wardlaw, OUT boom, and that off stump takes another beating. It's full and fast and Wardlaw gave himself room to play through the off side, bat was nowhere near it in the end. Again it straightened off the pitch;Iain Wardlaw b Starc 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
25.3;?;Starc to Wardlaw, no run another yorker, outside off, this time. Wardlaw backs away, looks to poke it away through point, can't connect;
25.2;W;Starc to Davey, OUT clatter. Off-stump yorker, and Davey is late bringing his bat down. It actually straightened a touch and went past the outside edge;Josh Davey b Starc 26 (36m 35b 4x4 0x6) SR: 74.28;
25.1;?;Starc to Davey, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump. Davey is back and across to defend;
24.6;4;Cummins to Leask, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, and Leask creates room for himself once again, and simply slaps it back down the ground, between bowler and mid-off;
24.5;1;Cummins to Davey, 1 run back of a length, angling into off and middle, tucked away towards deep backward square leg;
24.4;?;Cummins to Davey, no run short ball, angling into the body. Fends at it and pops it in the air, but drops his bottom hand and it falls a short distance away from the batsman, into the off side;
24.3;?;Cummins to Davey, no run length ball close to off stump, blocked to mid-off;
24.2;?;Cummins to Davey, no run full on middle stump, clipped away towards square leg;
24.1;?;Cummins to Davey, no run back of a length outside off, punched to mid-off;
11.6;2;Maxwell to Machan, 2 runs tossed up outside off, driven to the left of sweeper cover;
11.5;?;Maxwell to Machan, no run full-toss on off stump, blocked to short midwicket;
11.5;4w;Maxwell to Cross, 4 wide back of a length, turning down the leg side. Cross can't connect with the flick, the unsighted Haddin can't collect behind the stumps;
11.4;?;Maxwell to Cross, no run length ball on middle stump, Cross blocks it back towards the bowler;
11.3;?;Maxwell to Cross, no run once again it's floated across the batsman, wide outside off. Goes for the big drive and doesn't connect;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Cross, no run tossed up on off stump, blocked into the off side;
11.1;W;Maxwell to Berrington, OUT and he strikes first ball, with a fairly rubbish ball. It's floated up outside off, it's a half-volley, and Berrington slices his drive in the air, straight to Warner at cover;Richie Berrington c Warner b Maxwell 1 (5m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
10.6;1;Johnson to Berrington, 1 run another discomfiting short ball. Rising steeply towards the batsman's throat. He jumps in the air again, and manages to squeeze it away towards third man, keeping it down;
10.5;?;Johnson to Berrington, no run back of a length close to off stump. Trusts the angle and lets it go;
10.4;?;Johnson to Berrington, no run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away towards short midwicket;
10.3;?;Johnson to Berrington, no run this is another well-directed short ball, rising to chest height on middle and leg stump. Jumps to ride the bounce and plays it down into the off side with soft hands;
10.2;?;Johnson to Berrington, no run shortish ball, angling across Berrington. He leaves it alone, keeping his bat well inside the line;
10.1;W;Johnson to Coleman, OUT Johnson gets into the party now. Back of a length, fourth-stump, angling away. No footwork in that attempted back-foot punch, and Clarke dives to his right from second slip to grab the edge, lovely low catch;Freddie Coleman c Clarke b Johnson 0 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
10.1;1w;Johnson to Coleman, 1 wide you'd say that's a good bouncer from Johnson if this was Test cricket. He had to pull his hands away from the ball in a hurry. But it was just a fraction down the leg side, and umpires can be merciless sometimes;
23.6;3;Faulkner to Davey, 3 runs slower ball, full and wide, comes forward and eases it into the gap at cover point;
23.5;?;Faulkner to Davey, no run back of a length on middle and leg. Can't connect with the flick and the ball hits him on the thigh pad;
23.4;?;Faulkner to Davey, no run another bouncer, Davey ducks again;
23.3;?;Faulkner to Davey, no run length ball, angling across, defended towards point;
23.2;?;Faulkner to Davey, no run fullish on off stump and Davey looked to push it down the ground. Straightened off the pitch and he ended up popping it in the air off the inside half of the ball, falls just short of the diving Clarke at short midwicket;
23.2;1w;Faulkner to Davey, 1 wide bouncer, Davey gets into a low crouch under it;
23.1;?;Faulkner to Davey, no run fullish on off stump, presses forward to block down the ground;
22.6;?;Cummins to Leask, no run dug in short now, outside off. Leask goes for the pull and doesn't connect;
22.5;?;Cummins to Leask, no run a bit straighter now, almost in the blockhole. Makes room and stabs it to point;
22.4;4;Cummins to Leask, FOUR runs overpitched outside off and that's three in a row. Stays inside the line and jabs it away through cover point;
22.3;4;Cummins to Leask, FOUR runs once again short and wide, and that's another boundary in the same area. It just sat up, and this time he made a bit more room and rolled his wrists over at the top of the bounce;
22.2;4;Cummins to Leask, FOUR runs short and wide and that is powerful from Leask. Makes himself just a bit of room by clearing his front leg, and flat-bats it away through cover;
22.1;?;Cummins to Leask, no run short outside off. Leask swings and misses, looking for the pull;
9.6;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
9.5;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on a fourth-stump line, defended to short extra cover;
9.4;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on leg stump, blocked towards short midwicket;
9.3;4;Watson to Machan, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, and that's a nice shot from Machan, simply extends the follow-through of what's a fairly orthodox straight drive, hitting on the up and over mid-on, one bounce and into the boundary;
9.2;2;Watson to Machan, 2 runs short on off stump, and he pulls it away towards deep backward square leg;
9.1;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked into the off side;
8.6;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to short extra cover;
8.5;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run short, well-directed, rising over middle stump. Coleman sways away nicely, keeping his eyes on the ball and his hands close to his body;
8.4;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run back of a length on leg stump, tucked away towards short midwicket;
8.3;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run back of a length outside off, punched crisply to backward point;
8.2;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run length ball on off stump, gets behind the line to squeeze it away towards backward point;
8.1;?;Johnson to Coleman, no run back of a length, angling across. Coleman plays and misses, and then moves his bat inside the line to make it look as if he was leaving it;
7.6;4;Watson to Machan, FOUR runs length ball angling away from off stump, and Machan goes after it, away from his body, and doesn't quite middle it, but places it pretty well over extra cover;
7.5;2;Watson to Machan, 2 runs another well-directed bouncer, angling across Machan, but he manages to get on top of it and hook it down towards long leg;
7.4;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length outside off, punched towards short cover;
7.3;W;Watson to Mommsen, OUT excellent bouncer from Watson, and Mommsen goes second ball. Has to drag the pull from over his right shoulder, and he could only top-edge it to Starc stationed at backward square leg;Preston Mommsen c Starc b Watson 0 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.2;?;Watson to Mommsen, no run length ball on off stump, presses forward to block to short cover;
7.1;1;Watson to Machan, 1 run back of a length outside off, steered down to third man;
6.6;W;Starc to MacLeod, OUT ouch. That was short, with a little bit of width on it, and MacLeod has played the cut fairly well, but this one he pops into the air, and straight into the hands of backward point;Calum MacLeod c Warner b Starc 22 (31m 19b 5x4 0x6) SR: 115.78;
6.5;?;Starc to MacLeod, no run good short ball, rising steeply over off stump. MacLeod drops his hands well and leans his upper body out of the way;
6.4;?;Starc to MacLeod, no run length ball on middle and leg, can't connect with the flick and it strikes him on the thigh pad;
6.3;1;Starc to Machan, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, hops across to tuck it away towards midwicket;
6.2;1;Starc to MacLeod, 1 run back of a length outside off, dabbed down to third man;
6.1;4;Starc to MacLeod, FOUR runs yorker on leg stump, and that is very nicely done by MacLeod. Stayed nice and still, waited for it to come to him, and moved his front leg out of the way to clip it away crisply through backward square leg;
5.6;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short extra cover;
5.5;4;Watson to Machan, FOUR runs full, floated across towards off stump, and Machan just stands there and punches it hard down the ground, between the bowler and mid-on;
5.4;?;Watson to Machan, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to mid-on;
5.3;1;Watson to MacLeod, 1 run length ball on off stump, stabbed away to the left of the diving backward point fielder, down to third man;
5.2;?;Watson to MacLeod, no run shortish again, and again he rises to his full height and slaps it firmly, but again he can't beat the backward point fielder;
5.1;?;Watson to MacLeod, no run back of a length on off stump, chopped down to backward point;
4.6;?;Starc to Machan, no run shortish now, angling into the body, hops across to defend into the on side;
4.5;?;Starc to Machan, no run lbw appeal, not given, not reviewed. It was very full, and it swung in and pinged his front pad in front of middle stump. Was there a tiny inside edge on it?;
4.4;?;Starc to Machan, no run short ball, rising to throat height, and he jumps and pops it in the air off the splice of the bat, but there's no short leg;
4.4;1w;Starc to Machan, 1 wide back of a length again, angled too far down the leg side;
4.3;4;Starc to Machan, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and that is excellent timing, just angles his bat and punches away from his body to send it running away through point;
4.2;?;Starc to Machan, no run length ball on off and middle, defended to mid-on;
4.1;2;Starc to Machan, 2 runs back of a length, angling into the body, tucked away off the hips towards long leg;
3.6;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run short ball now, MacLeod ducks under and it slants away down the leg side;
3.5;4;Cummins to MacLeod, FOUR runs full and wide once more and this time MacLeod simply lashes at it, with no intention of keeping the ball down, and carves it away over cover point;
3.4;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run full on off stump, driven firmly back to the bowler;
3.3;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
3.2;4;Cummins to MacLeod, FOUR runs full and wide and MacLeod gets down on one knee and plays a good-looking square drive through point;
3.1;1;Cummins to Machan, 1 run length ball on middle stump, a bit of swerve away towards off stump. Machan looks to clip it through the leg side, and pops it in the air off the leading edge, well out of reach of Maxwell at square leg;
2.6;1;Starc to Machan, 1 run greets him with a yorker, a bit of shape into the left-hander. He stayed nice and still, with a low backlift, and jabbed it away into the off side to deny Starc another maiden;
2.5;W;Starc to Coetzer, OUT gone! This time it was just back of a length and close enough to off stump for the leaden-footed Coetzer to edge rather than miss as he aimed a massive back-foot punch, looking to go through the covers. Flies to Smith at shoulder height, and he takes it easily;Kyle Coetzer c Smith b Starc 0 (11m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.4;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run now the bouncer, Coetzer ducks safely underneath;
2.3;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run edged, drops short of third slip. Full outside off and again Coetzer pushes at it with no feet. Thick edge, but it doesn't carry through to the crouching Smith;
2.2;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run length ball on off stump, punched back to the bowler;
2.1;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run length ball outside off, angling away. Coetzer goes for the on-the-up punch, again zero footwork, and again he's beaten;
1.6;4;Cummins to MacLeod, FOUR runs and again, even shorter this time, and he gets on top of the bounce and dismisses it in front of square;
1.5;4;Cummins to MacLeod, FOUR runs this one's shorter and MacLeod can stand up tall and slap it away with a roll of the wrists to the cover point boundary;
1.4;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run length ball outside off, goes for a flat-bat slap through the off-side and under-edges it, on the bounce, to the keeper;
1.3;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run off-stump yorker, blocked back to the bowler;
1.2;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run length ball, lots of width outside off. Gets forward and slaps it powerfully but straight to Smith at backward point;
1.1;?;Cummins to MacLeod, no run full-toss close to off stump, punched back to the bowler;
0.6;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run back of a length on middle stump, hops up and defends back to the bowler;
0.5;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run length ball outside off, and he's beaten for pace and angle, once again lashing out without any foot movement;
0.4;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run yorker on leg stump, and Coetzer nearly falls over as he lifts his feet out of the way and digs it out towards square leg;
0.3;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run back of a length on off stump, punched back firmly to the bowler;
0.2;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run back of a length with a bit of width outside off. Coetzer throws his bat at it, away from his body, doesn't connect;
0.1;?;Starc to Coetzer, no run starts with a bouncer and the batsman ducks under it.;

2.30pm Alrighty then. Kyle Coetzer and Calum MacLeod walk out to bat. Mitchell Starc has the first new ball. Darkish clouds in the sky. Two slips and two gullies.
It's time for some more tweet-embeddery.




2.00pm Toss time. Nick Knight's suit is being blown around quite a lot.
Michael Clarke says Australia will bowl. The rain forecast, he says, is his main reason for bowling. "We would have liked to bat first, for our batters to get a hit, but the main priority is the win." We already know Australia's XI, with Pat Cummins replacing Xavier Doherty.
Preston Mommsen's pretty happy to be batting first. "We haven't yet seen the full package from our team, hopefully you'll see it from us today." One change for Scotland, straight swap in the seam attack, with Iain Wardlaw returning to the side in place of Alasdair Evans.
1.55pm Brydon is at the ground, and this is his weather update: "Cloudy, a bit gloomy but no rain immediately threatening. Looks like there could be some on the radar later in the day."
Levi: " Do you think Australia would opt for batting practice over the win if they win the toss? Surely the preference here would be to bowl first and go for the win before the rain." -- I'm pretty sure they'll look to bowl first, but you'd be wise not to trust my judgment too much :)
Arvind: "How does a washout here keep Australia in 3rd? Their NRR is higher than SL and they have beaten SL right? Is there any other criteria to decide when two teams finish on same points?" -- If this is washed out, Australia will finish with three wins and Sri Lanka with four wins, and that's the first tie-breaker. NRR is the second tie-breaker.
Speaking of teams scoring 350, here's a tweet from Kartikeya Date, a regular blogger on The Cordon:




1.40pm Mark Waugh reckons Australia could score 350-plus if they bat first. It's a hard pitch, he says, with an even grass cover, and some dry cracking underneath.
Prithvi: "Karthik, is it going to rain the Bellerive Oval today? Concerned." It seems okay at the moment, but yes, there's a 60% chance of rain according to the forecast.
1.15pm Afternoon, all. We're 45 minutes from the toss in Hobart, where Australia are taking on Scotland. It's one last opportunity for Scotland to pick up their first World Cup win, and one last opportunity for a few of Australia's players to find some form and momentum ahead of the quarterfinals.
One of these players is Shane Watson, who has had a stop-start, in-out, up-and-down-the-order sort of World Cup. Brydon Coverdale thinks he might get a promotion up the order today. He also thinks Scotland's Freddie Coleman looks like Sheldon Cooper. For more, I direct you to his preview.
 Innings Start
8.00pm That's all from us for this game. Do tune in for tomorrow's matches and the rest of the World Cup too, and keep sending in your comments. Until next time, good night!
Michael Clarke: "Fortunately we got enough time, credit to the way the boys played. It's always nice to win. I don't think there's any better preparation for a quarterfinal. We had one little hiccup against New Zealand, but the boys are excited and looking forward to the quarterfinals. [Twitter question - can Australia go all the way?] We're about to find out. Three games, if we play our best, we can win. If we don't, we'll be on the couch watching."
Preston Mommsen: We knew it was always going to be a tough game. We wanted to stand up to the challenge. We take a huge amount of positives from the past six games. The more we've played, the better we've gotten. We leave the World Cup a much stronger team. As a team we're very proud of [Davey's] achievements, he can hold his head high. Our focus now shifts to the World T20 qualifiers, hopefully we'll be able to qualify."
Rohit: "To AUSinCH: If Aus and Ind both get past the quarterfinals, then they will meet in the semifinals."
Mitchell Starc is the Man of the Match (Brendon Julian calls him Mitch Johnson by mistake): "We're done and dusted with the group stages. We're looking forward to the knockouts. I've been working at [my bowling] quite hard with Craig McDermott since the one-day series in Zimbabwe. Look forward to continue with [my form] through the back-end [of the World Cup]."
AUSinCH: "That near-simultaneous finish is an omen! Australia will scrape past India in the final. ;) "
7.45pm Rain kept everyone on their toes in what was otherwise one of the most one-sided matches of this World Cup. At the end of it, Australia seal second place in Group A. Scotland end their third World Cup still searching for their first win.
15.2;6;Leask to Faulkner, SIX runs full and wide and Faulkner finishes with a six, slog-swept over the midwicket boundary, seconds before Dhoni finishes with a six in Auckland;
15.2;1w;Leask to Faulkner, 1 wide fired down the leg side again, too wide for Faulkner to connect with the sweep;
15.1;2lb;Leask to Faulkner, 2 leg byes length ball down the leg side. Looks for the sweep, misses, rolls off his pad towards fine leg;
14.6;?;Davey to Warner, no run yorker on off stump, Warner can only poke it back to the bowler;
14.5;4;Davey to Warner, FOUR runs low full-toss on off stump, and he clears his front leg and swipes it away into the leg side. Machan, sliding to his left from long-on, makes an absolute mess of it;
14.4;6;Davey to Warner, SIX runs full-toss outside off, and he opens his hips up to slug that away over the straight midwicket boundary;
14.4;1w;Davey to Warner, 1 wide full and wide, too wide, slants it quite perceptibly beyond the tramline outside off;
14.3;1;Davey to Faulkner, 1 run full and wide, and this time he slices it in the air, on the bounce to the man at sweeper cover;
14.2;4;Davey to Faulkner, FOUR runs makes room now, exposes all his stumps, and slaps a fullish off-stump ball over cover;
14.1;4;Davey to Faulkner, FOUR runs down the track, and he gets a shortish slower ball. Has all the time in the world to adjust his feet, find a stable base, and simply club it down the ground, to the right of mid-off;
13.6;1;Wardlaw to Faulkner, 1 run full on leg stump, Faulkner clears his front leg and swipes it to long leg;
13.5;1;Wardlaw to Warner, 1 run short on leg stump and Warner miscues his pull way up in the air, but it drops down into no-man's land, a long way out of the reach of deep square leg running in from the rope;
13.4;4;Wardlaw to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump, and Warner just whips it away to the wide long-on boundary;
13.3;6;Wardlaw to Warner, SIX runs full and wide and Warner smokes his first ball for six, doesn't even have to move, just sinks to his knees and launches it a long way over the long-off boundary;
13.2;W;Wardlaw to Clarke, OUT taken! That's brilliant from Leask at the deep square leg boundary. It was short again, angling into the body, and Clarke pulled it in the air, to the fielder's right. Sprints quickly across, and throws himself across to come up with the ball in his right hand;Michael Clarke c Leask b Wardlaw 47 (55m 47b 7x4 2x6) SR: 100;
13.1;4;Wardlaw to Clarke, FOUR runs short ball, sits up outside off, and Clarke loves those, pulls it away witheringly to the straight midwicket boundary;
12.6;W;Davey to Watson, OUT got him. Slower ball, angling down leg. Watson goes for the lap-sweep, and ends up top-edging it, loops into the keeper's gloves, he only had to move a short way to his left;Shane Watson c ?Cross b Davey 24 (36m 23b 4x4 0x6) SR: 104.34;
12.5;4;Davey to Watson, FOUR runs fullish slower ball on off stump, Watson clears his front leg and mows it down the ground, two bounces and into the long-on boundary cushions;
12.4;1;Davey to Clarke, 1 run short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover;
12.3;?;Davey to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
12.2;1;Davey to Watson, 1 run sees Watson making room and bowls a short slower ball outside off. Waits on it and slaps it to sweeper cover;
12.1;1;Davey to Clarke, 1 run short on off stump, pulled round to deep backward square leg;
11.6;2;Wardlaw to Watson, 2 runs full outside off, makes room and scoops it high in the air, gets more distance than elevation, stops three-fourths of the way to the wide long-off boundary;
11.5;?;Wardlaw to Watson, no run short slower ball outside off. Watson backs away from the stumps and clubs it to mid-on;
11.4;1;Wardlaw to Clarke, 1 run full on the pads, clipped to deep square leg;
11.3;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run back of a length, angling in towards off stump, stabbed away towards point;
11.2;6;Wardlaw to Clarke, SIX runs full outside off, and Clarke has a merry swing at it, with a whippy finish to launch it over the long-on boundary;
11.1;1;Wardlaw to Watson, 1 run full on middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket;
10.6;?;Davey to Clarke, no run slower bouncer. Clarke was through his pull too quick, checked his shot three-quarters of the way through, and it hit him on the right side of his body and rolled towards the slips;
10.5;?;Davey to Clarke, no run length ball outside off, swings away after Clarke leaves it;
10.4;4;Davey to Clarke, FOUR runs shortish, not too much width, but Clarke didn't need a lot. Stayed inside the line and chopped it away through point;
10.3;?;Davey to Clarke, no run fullish outside off, defended to mid-off;
10.2;4;Davey to Clarke, FOUR runs shortish outside off. Sits up and Clarke pulls it away to the right of mid-on;
10.1;?;Davey to Clarke, no run full on off stump, defended to mid-on;
9.6;?;Taylor to Watson, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
9.5;4;Taylor to Watson, FOUR runs boom. Now he moves towards the leg side and Taylor bowls a length ball on off stump. Enough swinging room for Watson to club it down the ground, between bowler and mid-on;
9.4;?;Taylor to Watson, no run now Watson goes the other way, shuffling across. Taylor reads his intentions and slants it away, slower ball. Watson looks to whip it through the leg side, it rolls off the leading edge into the covers;
9.3;?;Taylor to Watson, no run once again exposes his stumps. Bowls in the blockhole on middle stump, jabs it away to short cover;
9.2;?;Taylor to Watson, no run again he tries to make room. Follows him with a full ball. Looks for the drive again, can only inside-edge into his pad;
9.1;4;Taylor to Watson, FOUR runs full-toss outside off. Watson makes himself a bit of room and slapped it away through square cover;
8.6;?;Davey to Clarke, no run full and wide, slap and a miss from Clarke;
8.5;?;Davey to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, punched towards mid-off;
8.4;?;Davey to Clarke, no run fullish on middle stump, held it back a bit, defended to mid-on;
8.3;?;Davey to Clarke, no run length ball outside off, driven to mid-off;
8.2;?;Davey to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to short cover;
8.1;?;Davey to Clarke, no run short ball, doesn't get up as high as Clarke expected. Was through his pull a touch too early and it smacked him on the inside of the right thigh;
7.6;4;Taylor to Watson, FOUR runs full on off stump, and Watson makes a lot of room, exposing all his stums, and powers it back down the ground, between the non-striker and mid-off;
7.5;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away to deep square leg;
7.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run fullish on middle stump, blocked to straight midwicket;
7.3;4;Taylor to Clarke, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, punches it down the ground, was in the air for a bit, but just wide of the bowler, diving to his right in his follow-through;
7.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, punched to straight midwicket;
7.1;1;Taylor to Watson, 1 run shortish outside off, cut away to the right of third man;
6.6;?;Davey to Clarke, no run length ball outside off, doesn't come on for the flat-bat slap. Inside-edges it into his pads;
6.5;1;Davey to Watson, 1 run a touch too straight again, clipped to deep backward square leg;
6.4;?;Davey to Watson, no run back of a length outside off, punched to cover point;
6.3;1;Davey to Clarke, 1 run drifts into the pads, flicked away to long leg;
6.2;?;Davey to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, blocked into the covers;
6.1;1;Davey to Watson, 1 run back of a length, angling into middle stump, worked away through square leg;
5.6;1;Taylor to Watson, 1 run back of a length on middle stump, tucked away to the right of mid-off;
5.5;?;Taylor to Watson, no run full again, Watson comes forward and pokes it away towards point;
5.4;?;Taylor to Watson, no run fullish outside off, driven to mid-off;
5.3;?;Taylor to Watson, no run a bit fuller and wider and that's a big stride forward to drive to cover;
5.2;?;Taylor to Watson, no run back of a length outside off, chopped towards point;
5.1;?;Taylor to Watson, no run length ball outside off, presses forward and blocks to short cover;
4.6;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run dug in short outside off, left alone;
4.5;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run fuller now, angling into middle stump, blocked to mid-on;
4.4;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run back of a length, too close to off stump to punch too firmly, ends up hitting with a modest amount of power towards extra cover;
4.3;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, blocked towards short midwicket;
4.2;4;Wardlaw to Clarke, FOUR runs short and wide and Clarke gets up on his toes to cut it away to the point boundary;
4.2;1w;Wardlaw to Clarke, 1 wide another bouncer, climbs too high for Clarke to bother ducking or swaying;
4.1;6;Wardlaw to Clarke, SIX runs another short ball from Wardlaw, and Clarke doesn't control that pull at all. It comes on quicker than he expects and it's more of a short-arm jab than anything, top-edges it and it carries all the way over the long leg fielder;
3.6;W;Taylor to Finch, OUT gone! Another drive in the air, but this time he's hit it too close to cover, who takes it well, low, in both hands, diving forward. Taylor did well to bowl it full again, but not as wide as the previous ball, and Finch pushed hard at it, way out in front of his body;Aaron Finch c Coleman b Taylor 20 (14m 10b 3x4 1x6) SR: 200;
3.5;4;Taylor to Finch, FOUR runs full and wide and Finch doesn't mind driving in the air, finds the gap to the left of cover point;
3.4;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run short outside off, throws his bat at the cut, edges it thickly and it flies past the diving second slip fielder, down to third man;
3.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed to backward point;
3.2;4;Taylor to Clarke, FOUR runs full and wide and Clarke welcomes the opportunity to press forward and caress the ball to the left of mid-off;
3.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run length ball on off stump, nice stride forward to defend;
2.6;?;Wardlaw to Finch, no run back of a length, angling into the body. Finch jumps across to whip it through the leg side, is hit on the thigh pad;
2.5;4;Wardlaw to Finch, FOUR runs full outside off and Finch climbs into that drive, hits it in the air, but it travels like a rocket to the right of mid-off, who dives full-length but can't pluck it out of the air;
2.4;?;Wardlaw to Finch, no run length ball outside off, driven on the up to cover. Didn't time it as well as he would have liked;
2.3;?;Wardlaw to Finch, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
2.2;6;Wardlaw to Finch, SIX runs short ball, and that sat up and gave Finch all the time in the world to rock back and swivel through a powerful, flat pull that carried all the way over the forward square leg boundary;
2.1;4;Wardlaw to Finch, FOUR runs too straight, and Finch clips it away off his pads, strikes it crisply through midwicket;
1.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run a bit wider and Clarke leaves it alone;
1.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run whoa. That shaped away late to accentuate the angle, and started very tight on off stump, on a length that left Clarke's feet rooted to the crease. Poked at it, the ball beat his outside edge, and his feet walked into the shot after the ball had passed him;
1.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
1.3;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run length ball outside off, Clarke gets a lovely stride out to drive towards mid-off. Machan dives to his left to make a good stop;
1.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run a bit of inswing now. Clarke was looking to work it into the leg side, missed it, and it crashed into his groin region;
1.1;1;Taylor to Finch, 1 run dropped. It was on a good length, angling across Finch, and if he has a weakness it's that he shuffles rather than move forward or back. Poked at it and edged thickly, to the left of second slip. Mommsen got his hands to it on the dive, couldn't hold on;
0.6;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run full, a bit of shape away towards off stump. Clarke was initially looking to clip it into the leg side, but adjusted to push it with a straight bat into the covers;
0.5;4;Wardlaw to Clarke, FOUR runs another short ball, this time Clarke pulls it away from outside off, down to the deep square leg boundary;
0.4;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, dabbed towards backward point;
0.3;?;Wardlaw to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off, punched to short cover;
0.2;1;Wardlaw to Finch, 1 run fuller now, pushed away to the right of mid-on;
0.1;1;Wardlaw to Clarke, 1 run short ball, angling into the body. Clarke takes his eyes off it, looking to fend it away, hits his gloves and pops into the leg side;

5.05pm Who's opening? Warner? Maxwell? Haddin? Nope. It's Michael Clarke and Aaron Finch.
 Innings Start
Scotland
Australia
40th Match, Pool A (D/N), Hobart, Mar 14 2015, ICC Cricket World Cup
130
133/3
Player of the match is Mitchell Starc, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 208 balls remaining)
