Data
Stick around here for Valkerie's report, plus all the analysis and reaction from George Dobell and Daniel Brettig at the ground, but until then, it's goodnight from me and Alan - we'll see you tomorrow. And if you're heading over to the Antigua Test, remember you can watch the action by signing up for our free ESPN Player trial (Europe - excluding UK & Ire - only).
And that will be that. A topsy-turvy day of Ashes cricket at Headingley, interrupted regularly by drizzle and bad light. England's nightmare hour at the start of the extended evening session threatened to make Joe Root's decision to send Australia in look very silly indeed, as Marnus Labuschagne and David Warner scrapped hard, running purposefully and happily putting away the bad balls. But Jofra Archer, with support from Stuart Broad, precipitated a horror collapse, and turned it unequivocally into England's day.


52.1;W;Archer to Lyon, OUT full, straight, given! Archer has six! Lyon was looking to nudge this into the leg side from a long way across, was trapped in front, and with no reviews left that will be that. And it was smashing into leg stump regardless, ball-tracking shows. What a turnaround for England. At drinks, Australia were cruising at 133-2, and making batting look easy, but Archer has brought about a slow-burning collapse under murky grey skies;Nathan Lyon lbw b Archer 1 (14m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
51.6;1;Stokes to Lyon, 1 run length ball, fired down at 86mph, and clipped into the leg side for a single;
51.5;1;Stokes to Hazlewood, 1 run half-volley on fourth stump, and clipped out to cover point delicately;
51.4;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run back-of-a-length ball, tentative attempt to work it to leg, and Hazlewood is happy enough to see it drop at his feet;
51.3;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run length ball, plinked out to mid-off;
51.2;W;Stokes to Labuschagne, OUT horrible full toss, hit on the pad, gone! Terrible ball, Labuschagne didn't pick it up at all but has sent it upstairs... strikes him on the back pad, no bat involved, and smashing into middle stump halfway up! Bizarre end to a determined innings. Real shades of Swann to Rogers in 2013, though at least this one was actually out...;Marnus Labuschagne lbw b Stokes 74 (215m 129b 10x4 0x6) SR: 57.36;
51.1;2;Stokes to Labuschagne, 2 runs fired in towards leg stump, clipped out to midwicket, they come back for two, and Buttler fires in a direct hit at the non-striker's end! Sent upstairs... but made his ground easily. Good fielding, but good running too;
50.6;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run length ball, defended out to mid-off;
50.5;?;Woakes to Lyon, no run defends off the back foot into the off side;
50.4;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run full inswinger, clipped down to Archer at long leg, who fires in the return throw to stop them getting back for two;
50.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run shuffles over to the off side and blocks off the back foot;
50.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run hangs it outside off and shoulders arms;
50.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length outside off, and blocked firmly off the back foot;
49.6;W;Archer to Cummins, OUT edged, gone, and five for Archer! Reviewed very quickly by Cummins. England liked the look of it, quite full but wide of off stump and he had a waft at it. Clear spike on UltraEdge, much to Cummins' bemusement, and that's a first international five-wicket haul for Archer!;Pat Cummins c ?Bairstow b Archer 0 (19m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
49.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run pushed down the leg side, Cummins looks to work to leg but can't connect, stifled appeal but nowhere near it;
49.5;1nb;Archer to Cummins, (no ball) bouncer, and ducks underneath it. A little over-exuberant, and that's called a no-ball;
49.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run just full of a length, looks to work into the leg side but finds mid-on;
49.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run fullish inswinger, 88mph, left alone outside off;
49.2;?;Archer to Cummins, no run 87mph, blocked out to cover, Marnus thinks about scampering a single but Cummins sends him back;
49.1;?;Archer to Cummins, no run full inswinger, and defended back;
48.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run hooping outswinger, very wide and left alone;
48.5;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run half-volley, driven towards mid-off but Woakes fields well off his own bowling;
48.4;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger, and some movement this time, defended back;
48.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run left alone outside off, no movement so far this over;
48.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length outside off, shoulders arms again;
48.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run inswinger, just full of a length, left alone;
47.6;?;Archer to Cummins, no run full and straight, clipped out to wide mid-on for no run;
47.5;?;Archer to Cummins, no run back-of-a-length ball, 87mph, hung outside the off stump and leaves it alone;
47.4;?;Archer to Cummins, no run full inswinger, 87mph, dug out well;
47.3;?;Archer to Cummins, no run bumper, 85mph, and ducks underneath it;
47.2;?;Archer to Cummins, no run plays and misses, 87.2mph just outside off and beats the defensive push;
47.1;?;Archer to Cummins, no run full on off stump, Cummins jams the bat down on it in defence;
46.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run full, on fourth stump, and blocked to mid-off;
46.5;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger on a length, still lots of movement for the seamers, and left alone;
46.4;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run full again, on off stump, looks to clip into the leg side but finds the fielder at mid-on;
46.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run full and straight, nudged into the leg side by Marnus;
46.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run nips back off the surface, shoulders arms on length and flies over the top of middle stump through to Bairstow;
46.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length, wide of off stump, and left alone;
45.6;W;Archer to Pattinson, OUT edged, and gone! 86mph, full of a length, and flies to the obliging Root at first slip! No sort of a shot, just a defensive push, and minimal celebrations from the skipper;James Pattinson c Root b Archer 2 (15m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
45.5;?;Archer to Pattinson, no run fired in full and straight, 87.9mph, and defended firmly;
45.4;?;Archer to Pattinson, no run 88.6mph, just full of a length, and draws his bat away from the line of the ball with a flourish of the hands;
45.3;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball, worked off the hip for a jogged single to midwicket;
45.2;1;Archer to Pattinson, 1 run full and leg stump-ish, clipped off the pads comfortably for an easy single;
45.1;?;Archer to Pattinson, no run inswinger from wide on the crease, 87.6mph, and defended with soft hands into the off side;
44.6;2;Woakes to Labuschagne, 2 runs short ball, plinked unconvincingly into the legside but wide of Archer at midwicket, and they get back for a couple;
44.5;4;Woakes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs length ball outside off, and a fearsome square drive through point by Labuschagne! Throws the kitchen sink at it, and is rewarded with a boundary;
44.4;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length ball just outside the off stump, and defends into the off side;
44.3;1;Woakes to Pattinson, 1 run back of a length, pitched outside leg and tucked into the leg side for a single;
44.2;?;Woakes to Pattinson, no run shaped across the left-hander from over the wicket, on fourth or fifth stump and left alone;
44.1;?;Woakes to Pattinson, no run length ball, nudged out into the covers for no run;
43.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short ball, 83.1mph and sways inside the line of it;
43.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run knuckle ball, 72.5mph, just about picked and defended into the covers;
43.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short, just outside off, looks to run it down to third man but well stopped;
43.3;2;Archer to Labuschagne, 2 runs full on middle-and-off, clipped into the leg side, and worked out to midwicket. They come back for a quick two, but the throw is wayward and they get back easily;
43.2;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run length ball outside off, defends firmly;
43.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run fired down the leg side, looks to flick off the hip but straight through to Bairstow;
42.6;W;Woakes to Paine, OUT wider on the crease, slightly fuller, hit on the pad, big appeal... not out, but England review. Inswinger this time, hit Paine on the knee roll, impact in-line...and crashing into the top of leg stump! That's the set-up Woakes was after, a series of outswingers and then moves one back to trap T-Paine - who didn't pick it - lbw. All of a sudden, things are going England's way...;Tim Paine lbw b Woakes 11 (48m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 42.3;
42.5;?;Woakes to Paine, no run length again, no movement off the seam, lets it go;
42.4;?;Woakes to Paine, no run straighter, on a good length again and defended with soft hands;
42.3;?;Woakes to Paine, no run straighter this time, on fourth or fifth stump, no shot offered again;
42.2;?;Woakes to Paine, no run length again, nips away off the seam and shoulders arms;
42.1;?;Woakes to Paine, no run outswinger on a length, leaves it well alone;
41.6;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run length ball in the channel, prodded into the covers;
41.5;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run shortish, defended going back;
41.4;2;Stokes to Labuschagne, 2 runs bouncer, doesn't get up that much, the Mighty Laboosh pulls in front of square for a couple more;
41.3;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run comes across and lets this one go;
41.2;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run short ball, Labuschagne thinks about pulling before aborting the short because the line is wide;
41.1;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run fullish, 86mph and met on the front foot, Stokes fields in his follow through;
40.6;3;Broad to Labuschagne, 3 runs squirted down to third man again, Marnus turned around on the crease again but he kept it down and picks up a few more;
40.5;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run short of a length, slightly wide and again the batsman shoulders arms;
40.4;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run nipping away in the channel outside off, no stroke;
40.3;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run 81mph/130kph, swerving in early as Laboosh comes across and lets it slide down the leg side;
40.2;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run length ball, shaping away as he comes across and leaves;
40.1;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run pitched up, gets him driving and Labuschagne is this close to feathering one through to YJB;
39.6;?;Stokes to Paine, no run zipping through in the channel outside off, left alone;
39.5;2;Stokes to Paine, 2 runs 85mph/137kph inswinger from Paine, who is back on his stumps but manages to time it nicely through midwicket for a couple;
39.4;1;Stokes to Labuschagne, 1 run tapped down into a gap for one;
39.3;4;Stokes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs squared up, fenced in the air... just beyond the reach of third slip! Burns was stood a little wide, threw himself to his right, but couldn't lay a finger on it! Four more to Labuschagne is the result;
39.2;1;Stokes to Paine, 1 run dug in short and Paine pulls, they think about a second... but Paine declines, which seems a sensible call as the throw comes in and Bairstow demolishes the stumps;
39.1;?;Stokes to Paine, no run shortish outside off, Paine goes back and leaves;
38.6;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run oof, right in the spuds! Labuschagne is down... This looks to have done him more damage than the blow to the head from Archer last week! Back of a length, whirring back in past the defensive push, smack into the crown jewels;
38.5;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run that was a bluff from Broad, who digs it in short and Paine swats away a pull, bringing up the Australia 150;
38.4;?;Broad to Paine, no run pitched up on off, pushed back down the track;
38.3;1;Broad to Labuschagne, 1 run short ball, pulled firmly wide of Woakes at fine leg, but he makes his ground and keeps them to a single;
38.2;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run back of a length, straightening a touch as Paine defends from the crease and gets a thick inside edge down to fine leg;
38.1;?;Broad to Paine, no run pitched up on off, 84mph/136kph and punched back to the bowler in his follow through;
37.6;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run testing line, angling in and then nipping away as the Mighty Laboosh hangs back and shoulders arms;
37.5;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run pitched up, 85mph/137kph and tucked towards mid-on coming across;
37.4;1;Stokes to Paine, 1 run angled in straighter and Paine works off his pads;
37.3;?;Stokes to Paine, no run lets this one go outside off;
37.2;?;Stokes to Paine, no run closer to the stumps, 84mph/136kph and holding its line, Paine watches it closely and shoulders arms;
37.1;?;Stokes to Paine, no run pitched up, shaping away in the channel, left alone;
36.6;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run pitched up, invites the drive, Labuschagne creams it off the front foot - but Leach intercepts it swiftly at extra cover;
36.5;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run blocked into the off side;
36.4;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run pitched up, 86mph/138kph around off stump, defended towards extra cover;
36.3;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run shortish and Marnus lets this one go in the channel;
36.2;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run pushed down the leg side;
36.1;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run length ball nipping away in the corridor, no stroke from Marnus;
35.6;?;Archer to Paine, no run coming back in a fraction at 86mph, Paine gets into line and then shoulders arms;
35.5;?;Archer to Paine, no run touch short outside off, lets this one go;
35.4;4;Archer to Paine, FOUR runs full, inviting the drive... and that's what Paine does, clattering one out of the middle through mid-off, no one's catching up with that;
35.3;?;Archer to Paine, no run good length outside off, 86mph/138kph and Paine lets it go;
35.2;?;Archer to Paine, no run squares him up, full and shaping away as Paine prods and gets a leading edge into the covers;
35.1;?;Archer to Paine, no run short of a length and zipping through outside off as Paine stays back;
34.6;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run full length, couple of feet outside off, left alone;
34.5;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run length ball, decking away sharply in the channel once again, no stroke;
34.4;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run seaming away at 85mph/137kph as the Mighty Laboosh hangs back and lets it go;
34.3;1;Broad to Paine, 1 run goes straighter with his line, Paine nudges off the pads to get going;
34.2;?;Broad to Paine, no run length in the channel outside off, Paine comes across and leaves;
34.1;1;Broad to Labuschagne, 1 run short ball, pulled confidently around the corner for a single;
33.6;W;Archer to Wade, OUT bowled, trickles back on to leg stump! England have another! Archer continues to attack the body and this time gets the bonus, as the ball deflects down off the thigh pad via Wade's glove and into the base of the stump, with just enough force to dislodge the bail! Three in 15 balls now;Matthew Wade b Archer 0 (9m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
33.5;?;Archer to Wade, no run short and down the leg side;
33.4;1;Archer to Labuschagne, 1 run cranks this up to 91mph/147kph, plays it well, dropped softly into the off side, they'll take the single - applause from the Australia balcony for Labuschagne's half-century, another fighting knock from him;
33.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short and leg side, above 90mph/145kph as it sears through to the keeper with Labuschagne hopping across;
33.2;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short again, rides the bounce well, chopped towards gully;
33.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run banged in, 88mph/140kph bumper, awkward line around Labuschagne's left shoulder and he does well to sway out of the way;
32.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run flung down wide of the stumps, Wade watches it through;
32.5;W;Broad to Head, OUT timbeeeeeeeeeeeeer! Kisses the top of off stump, Head is lopped off by an absolute jaffa! Broad wheels away in delight, almost OMB-ing himself... Not a great shot from Head, on second glance, aiming a drive down the ground as the ball left him and twanged the woodwork. But Broad was on the dollar, dollar bills, ya'll;Travis Head b Broad 0 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
32.4;?;Broad to Head, no run lovely line from Broad, almost does too much as it shapes away past the groping bat;
32.3;?;Broad to Head, no run round the wicket, pitched up wide of the stumps at 85mph/137kph, Head leaves alone;
32.2;1;Broad to Labuschagne, 1 run dug in, Laboosh swings away a pull for one to deep square;
32.1;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run fullish and seaming away in the channel outside off, Marnus chews gum and leaves;
31.6;?;Archer to Head, no run wobble seam and swinging away late, Head nowhere near it playing off the back foot;
31.5;?;Archer to Head, no run fired in straighter and nipping through as Head hangs back;
31.5;1nb;Archer to Head, (no ball) short and wide, 86mph/138kph as the crowd gives him the wind up... and he's overstepped;
31.4;W;Archer to Warner, OUT finds the edge this time! Precision engineering from Archer, he recalibrates by a couple of millimetres and rips out Warner to get the crowd on their feet! Touching 90mph, straightening off the pitch as Warner felt for it on off stump - not much he could do to play a ball like that, bar miss it. Bulls-eye from Archer to remove the Bull!;David Warner c ?Bairstow b Archer 61 (148m 94b 7x4 0x6) SR: 64.89;
31.3;?;Archer to Warner, no run ooh, that's a snorter! Jagging away at 88mph/141kph and past the outside edge;
31.2;?;Archer to Warner, no run bangs in the short ball, snaking back at Warner, who crouches low to get out of the way;
31.1;3;Archer to Labuschagne, 3 runs pitched up full and straight, worked away crisply through midwicket, Buttler doing well to prevent four on the rope;
30.6;?;Broad to Warner, no run left alone on length;
30.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run snorter! And given! Length ball, hits the seam and moves away from the bat, and a thin edge through the keeper, but reviewed instantly by Warner... oh, nothing on UltraEdge! England went up immediately but Warner reviewed almost as quickly. Definitely a sound, but it might have been the bat flicking the pad on the way through and rightly overturned;
30.4;?;Broad to Warner, no run inswinger on a length, shoulders arms to it;
30.3;2;Broad to Warner, 2 runs fuller, fired in towards off stump at the angle Warner has struggled against this series, but clipped out to square leg for a couple;
30.2;?;Broad to Warner, no run length ball, hits Warner on the pad, but too high and only a stifled appeal from the bowler;
30.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run fired down the leg side, bit of a loosener;
29.6;4;Archer to Labuschagne, FOUR runs short, wide, and climbs into the shot exquisitely to cut it away for another boundary! Runs flowing easily this session;
29.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short ball, drops the hands and sways inside the line of it, well played;
29.4;1lb;Archer to Warner, 1 leg bye too straight this time, 84.5mph, clipped to fine leg for a leg bye;
29.3;?;Archer to Warner, no run length ball, looks to drop and run into the covers but decides against;
29.2;2;Archer to Warner, 2 runs short and wide again, toes it over the infield and they come back for a couple. 100 partnership in just over 20 overs!;
29.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run hangs this very wide outside off and draws a flash from Warner, who can't get any bat on it;
28.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run fired down the leg side through to the keeper;
28.5;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run wide outswinger on a length, left alone;
28.4;4;Woakes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs straight again, and delicately clipped off leg stump by Labuschagne who tickles it away for another boundary! Australia continue to race along...;
28.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run slightly full of a length, shoulders arms again;
28.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run full and straight, outswinger again, and defended to mid-on;
28.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run big outswinger on a length, but not quite the right line and shoulders arms to it;
27.6;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs full toss, hint of away swing but that is a poor ball and is just pushed away for a boundary through backward point;
27.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run wide again, hung outside off stump and left alone;
27.4;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs wider ball, Warner doesn't time it at all and goes aerially... but out of the reach of point and away for a boundary that brings up fifty! Plenty of boos, and some hearty applause from the Australian fans;
27.3;?;Stokes to Warner, no run back of a length, looks to drop and run to cover but lets out a booming "no!" after changing his mind;
27.2;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide, and boshed to the cover point boundary! Warner moving through the gears now after a shaky start and now looks in total control;
27.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run yorker length on fifth stump, comes off the toe as he looks to drive through the off side;
26.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger on a length, but doesn't draw a shot;
26.5;4;Woakes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs full, too straight and clipped delicately off the pads for another boundary! Australia rattling along with a very handy partnership;
26.4;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run sprays an outswinger outside off stump, very wide and left alone;
26.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, and defends into the off side;
26.2;2;Woakes to Labuschagne, 2 runs too straight, clipped off his pads to Archer at fine leg who jogs towards it, and they come back for a purposeful two! Brilliant running from these two again!;
26.1;5;Woakes to Warner, 5 runs just full of a length, clipped off the pads into the leg side, and more buzzers! Inside edge into the pad, and a wild throw from square leg. England starting to look ragged as 100 comes up;
25.6;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run fuller but still too short and wide to draw a shot, England guilty of bowling too short to Labuschagne in particular since tea;
25.5;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger on a length, and another flourish of the bat as he leaves it alone;
25.4;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run too straight and flies down the leg side, good take by Bairstow but that won't trouble Labuschagne;
25.3;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run short ball outside the off stump, ducks underneath it;
25.2;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger on a length, Labuschagne leaves it with a flourish of the bat, like a Steve Smith tribute act;
25.1;4;Stokes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs bouncer, pulled slightly aerially off the top edge but enough on it to beat square leg;
24.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run hits Warner on the pad, loud appeal... but not given. And England won't review it. Length ball, scrambled seam, and hits him high, with a hint of bat on it as well. Not too much going for that one;
24.5;?;Woakes to Warner, no run too straight, again looks to clip out to midwicket but finds the fielder;
24.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run another peach from Woakes, length ball that moves off the seam and past the outside edge;
24.3;?;Woakes to Warner, no run length on leg stump, looks to work to leg but finds the midwicket fielder;
24.2;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run fuller and straighter, shifts his weight forward and gets an inside edge onto the pad which squirts into the leg side for a single;
24.1;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger, but too wide and left alone;
23.6;?;Stokes to Warner, no run inswinger, but wide and a touch wild. Warner shoulders arms;
23.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run length ball outside off, thinks about playing but drops his hands inside it and leaves alone at the last moment;
23.4;?;Stokes to Warner, no run sprays a wild outswinger across Warner, left alone;
23.3;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full and straight, inswinger, stifled appeal as it hits the pads but sliding down leg;
23.2;1;Stokes to Labuschagne, 1 run straighter, nurdled off his pads to square leg for a single;
23.1;4;Stokes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs outswinger again, defensive prod and races away off the shoulder through the vacant third man region;
22.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run another fullish outswinger, plays inside the line this time and flies through to Bairstow;
22.5;?;Woakes to Warner, no run beauty! Warner beaten yet again, pitches on off stump and shapes away off the seam, past the outside edge;
22.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run back of a length, straighter, defended to midwicket;
22.3;2;Woakes to Warner, 2 runs another outswinger on fourth stump, offers a defensive prod off the back foot which runs away through gully;
22.2;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run length ball, clipped out to square leg and this one is a very tight single! Judgment had been perfect so far but that would have been tight with a direct hit;
22.1;5;Woakes to Warner, 5 runs length ball, angled across him, dropped out towards Denly at point whose hurl misses everything... buzzers! And that's the value of these quick singles, putting pressure on England;
21.6;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run back of a length, shaping away, 85.4mph and defended firmly;
21.5;2;Stokes to Labuschagne, 2 runs full bunger, loose ball from Stokes that takes the batsman by surprise, mistimed out into the covers;
21.4;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run half-volley, driven out towards wide mid-off but Woakes dives at full stretch and manages to stop it;
21.3;1;Stokes to Labuschagne, 1 run back-of-a-length ball, nudged to short midwicket and they scramble through for a quick single. Purposeful running so far from these two;
21.2;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run outswinger, another length ball outside the off stump and leaves it alone at the last moment;
21.1;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run length ball, very straight, Labuschagne leaves it on length and is struck on the thigh pad. Bizarre!;
20.6;?;Woakes to Warner, no run fired across him again, left alone and flies through on a fifth-stump line;
20.5;?;Woakes to Warner, no run goes straighter this time, but Warner defends firmly back to the bowler. Was looking to set him up for the lbw but not full enough;
20.4;?;Woakes to Warner, no run again a length ball fired across Warner, again left alone;
20.3;?;Woakes to Warner, no run fired across the left-hander again, shoulders arms;
20.2;?;Woakes to Warner, no run length again, looks to shape it back into the left-hander this time but started wide enough to leave alone;
20.1;?;Woakes to Warner, no run beaten! Shaped across Warner, who hangs the bat out for a defensive prod and is beaten outside off;
19.6;4;Stokes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs too straight again, length ball clipped off the thigh pad for four down to fine leg;
19.5;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run back of a length ball, movement through the air and just about draws his wafting bat inside the line of it;
19.4;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run bouncer, 85.2mph, outside off and ducks under it;
19.3;?;Stokes to Labuschagne, no run right in the blockhole, full and straight, dug out into the leg side;
19.2;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run shorter and wider, slashed away firmly but half-stopped by Denly at backward point to save three runs;
19.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run just back of a length, 80.3mph, left alone on length and flies over the top of middle-and-off;
18.6;4;Woakes to Labuschagne, FOUR runs fuller this time, but slightly less movement off the seam and Labuschagne drives beautifully through wide mid-off for four;
18.5;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run too straight again, this time fired down the leg side and left alone;
18.4;2;Woakes to Labuschagne, 2 runs straighter and slighter shorter this time, defends off the back foot, runs away off the shoulder of the bat for a couple through third man;
18.3;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run another big outswinger, 84mph on a length, proud, upright seam drawing Labuschagne forward and beats his outside edge;
18.3;5w;Woakes to Labuschagne, 5 wide banana ball! Length ball, looked quite wide out of the hand but jags an absolute mile off the pitch, flying away between first and second slip for five wides!;
18.2;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run full and shaped across the left-hander again, pushed out into the covers for a scuttled single;
18.1;4;Woakes to Warner, FOUR runs length ball, angled across him from over the wicket, dangles the bat and a thick edge flies through the vacant fourth slip region and away for four!;
17.6;4;Archer to Labuschagne, FOUR runs fires in the fuller ball this time, on middle or middle-and-leg but whipped away through midwicket for four;
17.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run nip-backer, back of a length ball that hits him on the inner thigh pad, too high and outside the line;
17.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run length ball up at 88.5mph, Labuschagne is caught in two minds as to whether to play, and the ball hits the bat as he shapes to leave... skews into his pad and drops at his feet;
17.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run just full of a length, shaping in, 86.6mph, and blocked to mid-off;
17.2;3;Archer to Warner, 3 runs fired in full and straight, up at 87.7mph, and clipped through midwicket. Good running, so they make it back for three;
17.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run back of a length, looks to carve through the off side on the back foot but not the best connection and skews away for no run;
16.6;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length again, forcefully defended by the right-hander;
16.5;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length ball, outswinger, left alone and moves appreciably away from him on the way through to Bairstow, who takes this somewhere near first slip;
16.4;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run length ball shaping across him, dropped into the covers for a scuttled single;
16.3;1;Woakes to Labuschagne, 1 run too straight this time, length ball clipped off the pads out to long leg;
16.2;?;Woakes to Labuschagne, no run length this time, shaping away from the right-hander. Neither forward nor back, but jams his bat down on it;
16.1;1;Woakes to Warner, 1 run starts with a nibbling away-swinger, just full of a length, and nudged out into the cover point region for one;
15.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short ball, 85.5mph, doesn't pick it up until the last minute and belatedly sways out the way of it;
15.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run full and straight, yorker length again on fourth stump, and dug out from his feet;
15.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run back of a length outside off stump, lets it go;
15.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short ball outside the off stump, Labuschagne sways inside the line and drops the hands;
15.2;3;Archer to Warner, 3 runs full again, yorker length on fourth stump, punched down the ground as Woakes gives chase and they come back for three;
15.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run full and straight, angling in and dug out by Warner. Pace down at 82.5mph;
14.6;2;Broad to Labuschagne, 2 runs very full, outside off, and Labuschagne drives the half-volley out into the covers for a couple;
14.5;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run pitched up outside off stump, 84mph/136kph and Labuschagne is forward in defence;
14.4;1;Broad to Warner, 1 run comes across and taps this down for one;
14.3;2;Broad to Warner, 2 runs pitched up, Warner squirts a thickish leading edge through a gap in the covers;
14.2;?;Broad to Warner, no run slightly short and nibbling away in the channel, no stroke;
14.1;4;Broad to Warner, FOUR runs pitched up, Warner breaks the spell with a guide through backward point, runs all the way to the rope;
13.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run close to off stump! Well-judged leave in the end, from Marnus. Third maiden in a row;
13.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run able to leave on length here, tight around off stump and whistling through to the keeper;
13.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run fullish, 86mph/138kph and bunted into the off side;
13.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run full and seaming away, entices the drive, past the outside edge! Archer draws a false stroke;
13.2;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run touch back of a length, nipping in but the batsman can leave;
13.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run short ball, first of the day from Archer, heading down the leg side as Labuschagne adopts a defensive posture;
12.6;?;Broad to Warner, no run full outside off, skidding through as Warner thrusts out the front foot and lets it go;
12.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run Warner takes an early stride or two down the pitch, nudged to mid-on;
12.4;?;Broad to Warner, no run length ball, holding its line but again wide enough to ignore;
12.3;?;Broad to Warner, no run very wide, 83mph/134kph and shaping away as Warner leaves well alone;
12.2;?;Broad to Warner, no run full and wide of the stumps, lets this one go;
12.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run woof, how's that got through to the keeper? Wobbling through past the shoulder of the bat with Warner committed;
11.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run pitched up, 87mph/139kph and tempts him into the drive... zipping through past the outside edge! Nothing on it, though;
11.5;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run fullish length ball around off stump, patted back to the bowler;
11.4;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run touch shorter, still wide in the channel, no stroke;
11.3;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run goodish length in the channel, 88mph/140kph as Labuschagne waves his bat away, like the Smith mini-me that he is;
11.2;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run around off stump, 87mph as Labooshane comes across to defend;
11.1;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run length ball, pushed down the leg side;
10.6;?;Broad to Warner, no run length ball on the stumps, 86mph/138kph and tucked to mid-on;
10.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run speared in straight, whacks Warner on the knee roll as he falls over... but heading down the leg side, I think;
10.4;?;Broad to Warner, no run full on off, Warner drills this to mid-off with a growl of "Wait on!";
10.3;2;Broad to Warner, 2 runs fired into the pads and Warner clips it square for a couple;
10.2;?;Broad to Warner, no run angled in on a good length, 83mph and veering down the leg side;
10.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run shaping away in the corridor outside off, Warner ushers it through;
9.6;?;Archer to Labuschagne, no run just short of a length, 86mph/138kph and shaping back in late... but not enough to make Labuschagne play;
9.5;1lb;Archer to Warner, 1 leg bye fired in to the pads, whipped away through backward square leg for one;
9.4;?;Archer to Warner, no run touch back of a length, 82mph/133kph and wide of the stumps as Warner steps across and shoulders arms;
9.3;4;Archer to Warner, FOUR runs pitched up, that's a half-volley and Warner puts it away, skedaddling to the fence at deep point;
9.2;?;Archer to Warner, no run seaming away, beats the bat again! The struggle is real for Davey Warner;
9.1;?;Archer to Warner, no run ooh, full and beaten on the drive, a whisker away from nicking off!;
8.6;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run tempter, 82mph/133kph in the channel, again Labuschagne can watch it through;
8.5;?;Broad to Labuschagne, no run full length, quite wide of the stumps and left alone;
8.4;W;Broad to Khawaja, OUT down the leg side, England go up in unison for a catch... Gaffaney shakes his head, but Root reviews, with both Bairstow and Broad confident. Yes, big scratch on UltraEdge! Khawaja's tickled one and Broad has his first of the day!;Usman Khawaja c ?Bairstow b Broad 8 (21m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.05;
8.3;4;Broad to Khawaja, FOUR runs fuller, gets Khawaja reaching forwards, but he played it softly and a fat edge runs low wide of the slips for four;
8.2;?;Broad to Khawaja, no run closer to the stumps, 84mph and rising to hit the splice as Khawaja defends;
8.1;?;Broad to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, lets this go;
7.6;?;Archer to Warner, no run round the wicket, nibbling away as Warner is drawn into pushing, past the outside edge again!;
7.5;1;Archer to Khawaja, 1 run slightly shorter and worked away off the hip for a single behind square;
7.4;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run in the channel as Khawaja comes across on off stump;
7.3;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run on the stumps, turned into the leg side;
7.2;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run full and nipping away past the outside edge as Khawaja feels for it;
7.1;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run full length around off stump, Khawaja taps down on it;
6.6;?;Broad to Warner, no run smacking the pads, but was it leg side? Broad roars an appeal... Chris Gaffaney shakes his head, looked to be heading down. And UltraEdge has picked up some bat, too;
6.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run watches it closely as the ball shapes away outside off;
6.4;4;Broad to Warner, FOUR runs overpitched, Warner collects now, chopped off his pads and it ball races away through square leg to the rope;
6.3;?;Broad to Warner, no run touch short, but otherwise that's a brute of a ball! Climbing and seaming at 86mph as Warner reaches for it, daylight between bat and ball;
6.2;?;Broad to Warner, no run shaping away outside off stump, Warner camps deep and watches it through;
6.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run full length and swinging as Warner closes the face, gets a thick leading edge towards point;
5.6;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run angled across outside off, tapped into the covers;
5.5;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run goes over the wicket, short and leg side, 82mph/133kph as Khawaja flicks at it and misses;
5.4;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run full outside off, lets this one go;
5.3;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run holding its line, length ball in the channel, Khawaja drops the hands;
5.2;2;Archer to Khawaja, 2 runs fullish, 87mph/139kph and tailing away a touch as Khawaja squirts a thick leading edge through point for two;
5.1;?;Archer to Khawaja, no run pitched up from round the wicket, full and straight and defended;
4.6;?;Broad to Warner, no run full and wide, curling towards first slip as Warner gets on to the front foot and leaves;
4.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run pitched up a touch wide, shaping away and left alone;
4.4;1;Broad to Khawaja, 1 run goes a touch straighter, full and nudged off the pads, Khawaja hurries up to the sanctuary of the non-striker's;
4.3;?;Broad to Khawaja, no run jaffa from Broad! Good length, 85mph/137kph and nibbling away with a cackle at the last moment, Khawaja squared up and beaten;
4.2;1;Broad to Warner, 1 run flung down full on middle and leg, jammed into the on side towards midwicket and they scurry through;
4.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run round the wicket, pitched up at 82mph/133kph and holding its line as Warner lunges out and is beaten;

G'day. Certainly is if you're a seamer. Stuart Broad to bowl
1.57pm: Warner and Khawaja are on their way out, and with that, it's time for Alan Gardner to talk you through the afternoon. 72 overs left, and they can go on until 7pm.
1.50pm: England's players are on their way back out there for a run-around before we get going again.
If they do get on over in Antigua, then ESPN Player is the place to go for those in Europe (excluding UK and Ireland) to watch - with a seven-day free trial, no less.
"I know this has been done to death, but is 2pm really the earliest possible opportunity for play?" asks Maggers. "Test cricket does nothing to endear itself to the casual/younger supporters." Well true, it does seem a bit counter-intuitive. But on the flipside, the rope is still being driven around the outfield to make sure it's not too wet out there, and those run-ups need all the drying out they can get.
1.40pm: No umbrellas up in crowd, and the last of the covers is on its way off. And we have some news! The restart will be at 2pm, it's been confirmed.
Manish Kumar: "Are you sure about Antigua...I see the anchor holding an umbrella there in the show" Ha, I've been sold a lie! Rain in the Caribbean, too. Today just isn't the day for cricket, anywhere in the world.
1.30pm: No official word on when the restart will be just yet. The good news, though is that it is bright and sunny in Antigua, where West Indies will get their World Test Championship programme underway again India in just under an hour's time.


Bimal: "Game would have started by now had the groundsmen were Sri Lankans!"
1.20pm: Things have brightened up considerably, to the extent it looks as though we shouldn't be far off that resumption time. "Brightest sun of day now," reports George. "Covers starting to come off."
12.45pm: The players will take an early lunch. 1.25pm restart, weather-permitting. Fingers crossed things clear up by that time, but the current scene is fairly gloomy. We'll be back with you in a jiffy.
Muz: "As far as Australia are concerned, this rain can last till Monday - any Monday in October will do."
12.40pm: "Covering the run-ups now," says Melinda Farrell from the ground. It looks as though this splodge of rain might clear up in 15 minutes or so, but there's another patch set to come in at some point in the afternoon.
"It was Archer's scrambled seam that got the wicket. Broad was bowling a straight (angled) seam and it was doing too much off the deck," writes Mark McGrath, who isn't missing a trick. "So all Warner had to do was play straight down the line and not chase. But Archer's scrambled seam offered the prospect of not seaming a lot and in that wicket ball that's what it did, just enough to collect an edge on the way through."
Ninad: "Ok, gotta ask. How will bowling slower make the bouncer feel quicker?" As in: if most of his spell is at 85mph, a 90mph bouncer will catch a batsman by surprise more so than if the whole spell is touching 90.
12.30pm: Get the impression we'll be off for a little while, but I'll let you know anything concrete as and when I get it. Looks gloomy, with the floodlights on, and a fair smattering of umbrellas up.
"It's a bit convenient isn't it? Why didn't they go off before the Harris dismissal? Surely the decision to go off shouldn't have been affected by someone getting out" Who is to say it was, Mark? Looked like it went from drizzle to light rain during the course of that over, to me.
Roma Ahmed: "Gosh! Brutal 24 balls!"
Dominic Macdona: "What speeds at we seeing from Archer?" Mid-80s, so far, a touch slower than at Lord's, but these conditions require control and seam movement rather than raw pace. And that will make his bouncer seem even quicker!
And it looks like everyone else will follow Harris off, with light rain falling. Perfect timing then for Archer, as England make the early breakthrough. A glance at the radar suggests that might be it until lunch, but no official word as yet.


 Innings Start
"Can England do an Essex?" asks David Owen, perhaps more through hope than expectation, "skittle the Aussies for about 40 and face a 150 chase?" Nothing would surprise me at this stage, Dave...
James: "112 lead. 111 Partnership between Warner and Marnus." Yup, that's the difference between the sides at the moment!
Given the way they batted, perhaps England would benefit from Ash Barty's cricket explainer...
"Okay I have cleaned my phone screen, my laptop screen, this score is unfathomable." Don't adjust your monitor, HarishVaranasi - besides, aren't you used to seeing England fold meekly against high-quality bowling in the Bayliss era by now?!
Well, well, well. I said at 10 o'clock this morning that this had the feel of a massive day, and it could be the one that decides the series. Perfect overhead conditions for batting, and England have folded for 67 (sixty-seven!)... Joe Denly was the only man to reach double figures, as Australia's three musketeers shared out ten wickets between them. Hazlewood ends with five of them, and this game is moving along at the speed of a runaway freight train!


27.5;W;Hazlewood to Leach, OUT nope, can't make them pay this time... tiiiiiimber! Leach shuffles across to cover his off stump again, and a full ball crashes into his leg stump! Hazlewood has five wickets, Australia have a 112-run lead, England have their lowest score in the Ashes since 1948, and their lowest ever at Headingley!;Jack Leach b Hazlewood 1 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
27.4;?;Hazlewood to Leach, no run short again, ducks underneath it this time;
27.3;?;Hazlewood to Leach, no run dropped! Again Leach shuffles across to the off side, tries to fend it into the leg side... it balloons up off his glove as one hand comes off the bat and the diving Wade can't cling on!;
27.2;?;Hazlewood to Leach, no run short ball, Leach shuffles across to the off side and evades the 88mph bouncer;
27.1;?;Hazlewood to Leach, no run length ball, blocked out into the off side with a high front elbow... textbook stuff!;
26.6;1;Cummins to Leach, 1 run short again, fended towards short leg again but flies past him, and skews out towards square leg for a single;
26.5;?;Cummins to Leach, no run short ball from round the wicket, fended towards short leg by Leach but falls just short!;
26.4;W;Cummins to Archer, OUT short ball, ducks, but Australia are celebrating! Archer reviews, but this has come off the back of the bat, by the sounds of it. Yep, not quite short enough to duck, leaves his bat in the way of it, and just brushes the bat - the face, in fact - on the way through, and the decision is upheld! Archer had walked off by the time the decision was confirmed, and England are nine down!;Jofra Archer c ?Paine b Cummins 7 (16m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
26.3;2;Cummins to Archer, 2 runs another big heave-ho from Archer to a short ball, no sort of connection but skews away towards the vacant mid-on region for a couple. And the crowd is getting involved! "Super, super Jof, super Jofra Archer" is the ditty;
26.2;?;Cummins to Archer, no run bumper, very short this time at 86mph and Archer ducks underneath it;
26.1;4;Cummins to Archer, FOUR runs bosh, have some of that! Short, but chest height, clears the front leg and smites it through midwicket for a boundary!;
25.6;4;Hazlewood to Broad, FOUR runs slightly fuller, and Broad clips it off his pads down to fine leg for four. And a huge cheer goes up from the Leeds faithful!;
25.5;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run shortish again, has a little waft at it and gets nowhere near it, 86.5mph and flies through to Paine;
25.4;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run bouncer, but down the leg side and that won't trouble Broad this time;
25.3;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run another back-of-a-length ball, jumps back, and squirts off the edge towards gully;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run short ball to start, defends well off the back foot;
25.1;W;Hazlewood to Buttler, OUT oh my word... this one is most definitely bad batting. Length ball outside off, there is a short cover in, and Buttler chips a drive straight to him! Sharp catch by Khawaja, but that is a poor, poor shot, falls right into the trap and Buttler's lean run in Tests continues. Don't adjust your monitors, England really are 56 for 8!;Jos Buttler c Khawaja b Hazlewood 5 (29m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
24.6;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run length outside off, and Buttler bunts it down to mid-on;
24.5;1;Cummins to Archer, 1 run slightly fuller, still back of a length, Archer gets into something of a mess but fends it down to fine leg off the glove. Cummins gives Archer a word or two, and gets a terse smile back;
24.4;?;Cummins to Archer, no run as the mildly irritating DJ Khaled put it, "another one". Archer ducks underneath the short ball;
24.3;?;Cummins to Archer, no run another bumper, and again Archer ducks underneath it. Steep bounce for Cummins, flies up off the surface;
24.2;?;Cummins to Archer, no run sharp short ball outside the off stump, 86mph, this is Cummins' revenge for those bumpers he got from Archer at Lord's!;
24.1;W;Cummins to Woakes, OUT gone first ball after lunch! Woakes strangles down the leg side! Hold on... they've sent this up to check the no-ball. This is mighty close... but Cummins gets the benefit of the doubt and Woakes trudges off. A sharp bumper, aimed in at his ribcage, tried to flick it down to fine leg and gloved through to Paine;Chris Woakes c ?Paine b Cummins 5 (18m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
23.6;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run good length, homing in on off stump, Buttler defends down towards his toes - and that'll be lunch. And breathe;
23.5;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run touch short, 85mph/137kph outside off, lets this one go;
23.4;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run finds the outside edge, taken on the bounce at second slip! Played it with soft hands;
23.3;1;Hazlewood to Woakes, 1 run back of a length, prodded in front of square, slightly uppish but they'll take one;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run ripsnorter! Dug in short, climbing through past the bat as Woakes fends at it on the back foot;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run stays back and lets this one go in the channel;
22.6;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run oh my, Buttler leaves, over the stumps! Pattinson throws up his hands... I guess you would have to say he judged it well;
22.5;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run pitched up, driven towards mid-off without much timing;
22.4;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run short ball, well-directed at 90mph/145kph, Buttler is swiftly down on his haunches;
22.3;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run in the channel, curving away as the batsman stays in the crease and watches it through;
22.2;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run drags his length back, I think that's a groin shot for Buttler, but he hides his discomfort;
22.1;4;Pattinson to Buttler, FOUR runs full length, Buttler gets forward, rams a drive through the covers... England's 50 is raucously applauded by the fans! You take what you can get in these situations;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run back of a length in the channel and Woakes lets this one go;
21.5;4;Hazlewood to Woakes, FOUR runs strays on to the pads, full and straight and clipped calmly through midwicket for four;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run length ball on middle and off, defended from the crease;
21.3;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run pushed in straighter, thumps the front pad as Woakes pushes across the line;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Woakes, no run lets this one zip through outside off;
21.1;W;Hazlewood to Bairstow, OUT Warner grabs a screamer! Bairstow is rumbled and England are FORTY-FIVE for SIX!! Brilliant line from Hazlewood, maybe short enough to leave, but he was sucked into a push off the back foot; the edge flew between keeper and first slip, but Warner was there, almost horizontal as he leapt to his left and snaffled the chance! Warner does a jig, and England are staring down the barrel!;Jonny Bairstow c Warner b Hazlewood 4 (33m 15b 1x4 0x6) SR: 26.66;
20.6;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run short, climbing through in the channel outside off, able to leave alone once again;
20.5;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run pushes this one down the leg side as Buttler comes across;
20.4;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run shortish and nibbling, again Buttler can hang back and shoulder arms;
20.3;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run length ball, 87mph/139kph, seaming away in the channel;
20.2;?;Pattinson to Buttler, no run back of a length, whistling through outside off, Buttler leaves;
20.1;W;Pattinson to Denly, OUT gottim, fat edge to the keeper! Denly's luck runs out, perhaps his patience, too, as he aims an extravagant front-foot drive without having got near the pitch of the ball. Fed it up full and a touch wide, but he was nowhere near nailing the cover drive. Patto puts Denly out of his misery;Joe Denly c ?Paine b Pattinson 12 (77m 49b 1x4 0x6) SR: 24.48;
19.6;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs finds the edge, but it shoots low wide of the slips and away for four! Played it softly, and that gets Bairstow up and running;
19.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run top of off, presses out and defends softly;
19.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run back of a length, just outside the line of off and not coming back enough to make YJB play;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run fuller, prodded into the covers coming forwards;
19.2;1;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 run length on the stumps, 86mph and tucked off his hip for one;
19.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run hammering away outside off, this straightens at 88mph/141kph as Denly pushes forward... quite a way from hitting that one;
18.6;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run back of a length over the stumps and Bairstow taps it down into the leg side - maiden over;
18.5;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run comes across on off stump to block;
18.4;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run shortish, over the top of off, 85mph/137kph and Bairstow jabs it back down the pitch;
18.3;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run stays back on the crease and turns it to the on side;
18.2;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run slightly shorter, seaming a touch and pushed away defensively as he gets into line;
18.1;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run pitched up, 88mph/141kph as Bairstow gets into line and shows it a straight bat;
17.6;2;Hazlewood to Denly, 2 runs comes across and steers this low through backward point, there's a couple more - Denly becomes the first England batsman to cross 10! Significant milestone, 90-plus minutes into the session;
17.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run gets a touch straighter, jabbed down into the off side;
17.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run close again! How has that missed...? To his credit, Denly is just trying to play the line, not following the ball, as lavish movement again smuggles it through past the outside edge;
17.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run touch short and this is defended into the off side;
17.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run chewed up and spat out! Arrowing past the bat as Denly feels for it, neither back nor forward... there was a sound, but you could see daylight between bat and ball on the replay;
17.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run props forward to defend an 86mph/138kph length ball;
16.6;1;Pattinson to Denly, 1 run pitched up and that's clipped off the pads, in the air but bouncing safely out towards the deep square boundary-rider;
16.5;?;Pattinson to Denly, no run back of a length on off, 86mph/138kph and Denly covers the line, defends;
16.4;?;Pattinson to Denly, no run tucked off the body towards midwicket;
16.3;?;Pattinson to Denly, no run oof, he's hurt himself here... jabbed down into his boot! Is this innings a literal exposition of a man shooting himself in the foot?;
16.2;?;Pattinson to Denly, no run good pace, touching 90mph as Denly comes across to defend;
16.1;1lb;Pattinson to Bairstow, 1 leg bye short and sliding into the body, 89mph/143kph as YJB flicks at it and they pick up one down to fine leg;
15.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run back of a length outside off, sways out of the way;
15.5;2;Hazlewood to Denly, 2 runs short of a length, Denly fences at it, chopped past his stumps off the inside edge! Picks up a couple to fine leg;
15.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fired in on the stumps and tucked back into the on side;
15.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run beaten! Pushing forward and so nearly sucked into the vortex! Maybe, just maybe held his bat inside the line at the last;
15.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run that's a spandex-tight line, maybe a touch short, 86mph/138kph as Denly covers it and shoulders arms;
15.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run good length, defended coming across on off;
14.6;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run shortish, seaming away at 87mph as Bairstow hangs back and lets it go;
14.5;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run angled in straight, 87mph/139kph and tapped towards mid-on;
14.4;?;Pattinson to Bairstow, no run length ball around off stump, Bairstow shows it a straight bat;
14.3;W;Pattinson to Stokes, OUT that is a half-volley.. but it's wide, barely reachable, and skewed to slip! Stokes has thrown it away, almost literally! He was stretching for a wild drive, only managed to get the toe of the bat on it, and sent a high, fast edge that Warner snapped up above his left shoulder! Almost as if designed in a lab to prove the old axiom that drek gets wickets;Ben Stokes c Warner b Pattinson 8 (24m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 61.53;
14.2;4;Pattinson to Stokes, FOUR runs full, but not a half-volley, cushioned through backward point by Stokes, lovely timing and it races to the rope;
14.1;?;Pattinson to Stokes, no run shortish and swinging a touch as Stokes attempts to flick off his pads but misses;
13.6;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run pitched up, gets him driving, but that's not gone where he was aiming... thick-edged in front of square on the leg side for a single;
13.5;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run touch short of a length, 87mph/139kph and rising through to Paine as Stokes leaves;
13.4;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run angled across in the channel, tight line but Stokes judges it pretty well and leaves;
13.3;1;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 run straying a touch on to the pads and he nurdles the one square of midwicket to get off strike;
13.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run nibbling a touch off the straight as Denly gets front on, squeezed towards gully via bat and pad, I think;
13.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run pitched up and met solidly on the front foot;
12.6;1;Cummins to Denly, 1 run ooh, Denly tries to leave, almost plays on! That lack of control against Cummins still evident;
12.5;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run dug in short and again Stokes plays a controlled pull out to deep square leg for one;
12.4;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run sliding leg side, flick and a miss;
12.3;2;Cummins to Stokes, 2 runs slightly overpitched, in the slot to drive and Stokes leans on a push through the covers to get off the mark;
12.2;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run back of a length, 86mph/138kph and coming back in, wide enough to leave;
12.1;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run short ball from round the wicket, Stokes swivels and pulls towards square leg;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run half-volley length on fourth stump, and defended to mid-on;
11.5;4;Hazlewood to Denly, FOUR runs and finally he gets off the mark! Slightly fuller, enough width to get on the front foot and creams a drive through the covers;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run beaten again, brilliant control from Hazlewood, another beauty which nips off the seam and Denly plays and misses again!;
11.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run short ball outside off, 86.6mph, drops the hands and sways inside the line;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fourth stump this time, angling in to the right-hander, goes straight on and defends with a full face;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run full, on fifth or sixth stump, and Denly defends on the front foot;
10.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run 88mph, fuller and straighter, looks to work into the leg side but finds the midwicket fielder;
10.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run length ball, shoulders arms outside off;
10.4;W;Cummins to Burns, OUT gloved behind and Burns is gone! Jheez, this isn't a great way to go. Bouncer from Cummins, heading down the leg side, Burns launches into a pull shot looking to take advantage, but can only glove it through to Paine who takes a simple catch!;Rory Burns c ?Paine b Cummins 9 (53m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 32.14;
10.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run length ball outside off, driven out to cover point for no run;
10.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run full of a length and straight, defended into the off side;
10.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run bumper, gets big on him and Burns, jumping in the crease, is hit on the forearm. Ball falls down at his feet, but he wasn't in control at all;
9.6;?;Lyon to Denly, no run looks to work into the on side, but finds the fielder;
9.5;1;Lyon to Burns, 1 run rocks back with an open stance, and clonks a single into the covers;
9.4;1lb;Lyon to Denly, 1 leg bye straighter, looks to work into the leg side and skews out towards leg gully off the front pad;
9.3;?;Lyon to Denly, no run draws Denly forward, who smothers the spin on the front foot;
9.2;?;Lyon to Denly, no run wide of the off stump, and left alone. Bit of bounce on the way through, and Paine likes it a lot!;
9.1;1;Lyon to Burns, 1 run fires it down the leg side at 62mph, and clipped out into the leg side for one;
8.6;?;Cummins to Denly, no run how did that miss? Jags in off the seam again, beats him again. Horrible start for Denly;
8.5;?;Cummins to Denly, no run beaten! Great nut, a real beauty up at 88mph, length ball, nips in off the seam and flies off the pitch between Denly's inside edge and his body;
8.4;?;Cummins to Denly, no run 86mph, and a big shout from Cummins! Tries to defend off the back foot, a touch too short, angling into him, strikes him in front but flying over the top;
8.3;?;Cummins to Denly, no run left alone on length again, hits him on the thigh pad on its way through but too high;
8.2;?;Cummins to Denly, no run left alone again, slightly wider and flies through with good carry;
8.1;?;Cummins to Denly, no run left alone on length, nips in off the seam and flies over the off stump;
7.6;2;Hazlewood to Burns, 2 runs too straight this time, and worked off the pads through midwicket;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Burns, no run slightly full, thwacks the pad as he tries to work to leg, but a little tickle on it via the inside edge;
7.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Denly, 1 leg bye strays down leg this time, looks to work to leg, clips off the pad and spills out for a leg bye;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run that's the nagging Hazlewood length, on fourth stump and Denly is defending;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run straighter, angling in, looks to work into the leg side but thuds into his pad. A stifled appeal, but always sliding down;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run beaten outside off, 85mph, holds its line outside the off stump and Denly's apologetic prod doesn't make contact with it;
6.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run slightly wider ball, 87mph, and gets forward to defend;
6.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run length ball, angling in and blocked out to cover with his weight back;
6.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run fuller, this one doesn't get up off the pitch and beats his outside edge again;
6.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run played and missed, hangs in outside off stump on fifth stump, deviates away off the seam and beats Burns. Flies through Paine's gloves, good carry from Cummins;
6.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run wide on the crease, back of a length, and defends off the back foot into the leg side;
6.1;4;Cummins to Burns, FOUR runs length ball, angled in, very straight and clipped away through midwicket for four;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run yorker, dug out to mid-off;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run hit on the pad, and given! Reviewed by Denly, and might be a touch high. No bat involved... but it's way over the top, another shocker from Wilson! Length ball, hits the seam, Denly missed it by a mile and was hit on the back leg, but that was flying over the top of middle;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run sprays it down the leg side, and flies through to Paine;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run edged again! But falls short of third slip. Length ball, draws him forward, hits the shoulder of the bat and goes through to Harris on the bounce;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Denly, no run fullish again, angled in and blocked firmly by Denly;
5.1;W;Hazlewood to Root, OUT edged, gone! Great catch by Warner at first slip! And another duck for Joe Root. A good ball, just full of a length, hint of seam movement but Root just hangs the bat there apologetically. Finds the edge, and Warner snaffles it at slip. England in all sorts!;Joe Root c Warner b Hazlewood 0 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run shortish, and defended off the back foot, in control of the shot;
4.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run bumper, very straight but ducks underneath it;
4.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run back-of-a-length ball, 88mph, defended crisply into the off side;
4.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run a touch wider, and left alone this time on length;
4.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run beaten! 87mph, angling into Burns again but moves away off the seam. Missed it by a long way, didn't pick the outswinger;
4.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run length ball, angling in from wide on the crease, shoulders arms;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run quite open again, length ball, defends and squirts away to gully off the shoulder;
3.5;W;Hazlewood to Roy, OUT edged, and gone! You know the score, really: just full of a length, wide of off stump, Roy looks to drive but there's a little bit of movement which draws the edge, and Warner holds the catch at first slip! Not much of a shot, that, and the pressure on Roy's spot has just gone up another notch!;Jason Roy c Warner b Hazlewood 9 (19m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run left alone outside off, but this wasn't miles away, bit of movement in off the seam;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run fuller this time, on fourth stump angling in, Roy drives sweetly but Hazlewood gets down well off his own bowling;
3.2;4;Hazlewood to Roy, FOUR runs bit of width this time, 87mph, and punched through the covers off the back foot for four!;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run back of a length, blocked off the back foot to mid-on;
2.6;?;Cummins to Burns, no run length ball, angling across Burns who shoulders arms on length;
2.5;?;Cummins to Burns, no run blocked with a full face;
2.4;?;Cummins to Burns, no run short ball, slides it across the left-hander, ducks underneath it;
2.3;?;Cummins to Burns, no run fuller, 87mph, angled across into the off side and blocked to cover;
2.2;?;Cummins to Burns, no run back of a length, on leg stump, looks to work off the hip, and squirts just in front of short leg off the thigh;
2.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run full on off stump, Burns defends;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run length ball, angled in towards off stump, Roy again clips into the leg side but finds the fielder;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run beaten! Length ball, wide of off stump, Roy flashes at it with minimal foot movement and is drawn into the play-and-miss;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run length ball, blocked to mid-on off the back foot;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run length again, can't get it away;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run slightly fuller, just outside off stump. Roy looks to work this through wide mid-on KP-style, but can't connect cleanly;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Roy, no run big shout to start! Length ball, hint of movement off the seam, traps Roy on the crease and strikes him on the back leg, loud appeal, but they decide against a review. And a good call, heading over the top;
0.6;1;Cummins to Roy, 1 run length ball, worked out to wide mid-on for another purposeful single;
0.5;?;Cummins to Roy, no run back-of-a-length, 86mph, shifts back and defends;
0.4;4;Cummins to Roy, FOUR runs full of a length on fourth stump, defensive prod, ball hits the shoulder of the bat and squirts away through the gully for four;
0.3;?;Cummins to Roy, no run length ball outside off stump, good carry off the pitch as Roy shoulder arms demonstratively;
0.2;1;Cummins to Burns, 1 run length ball, blocked out to short cover and they take a sharp single! Good, alert running, just like Warner/Marnus yesterday;
0.1;?;Cummins to Burns, no run 86mph to start, length ball and shoulders arms;

Looks like Pat Cummins to take the new ball, with what looks like a fetching new trim. Delightful. Three slips and a gully.
10.55am: Not long to go now, as Rory Burns and Jason Roy stride out to the middle, closely followed by Paine and Australia.
10.45am: With the sun shining after gloom and murk yesterday, it does seem very strange that Tim Paine said he would have batted first at the toss. Any theories as to why?
James has an idea: "Re Tim Paine, maybe the general theory that you should always bat first? Headingley is unusual in that weather conditions dictate how the pitch behaves more than most."
Mat is less sure, and reckons: "Tim Paine was joking"
Andy: "Some miserable people already in here today. Anderson & Broad have been superb over the past decade and as an Englishman I was getting a bit worried who was going to take over and keep us at that same level, I believe we have our answer and I am not going to apologise for being excited about it. I am sure the Aussies were the same with the ball of the century, etc."
"How many international cricketers have had a wonderful match/series, gotten hyped about and then never reproduced that form? Remember Amir? Let's judge Archer once he's travelled a bit more." Amir never reproduced his form, Sharma? Tell that to Virat Kohli...
Drew chimes in: "Thermio - if you can't let yourself get excited about an emerging talent like Jofra, I don't think cricket is for you, actually I'm not sure sport is for you"
But Mohammad Farhan isn't so sure: "Comeon Matt, the English do have a tendency to blow things put of proportion. No doubt he has had a good couple of innings but that is about it. Starc bowls above 90mph everyday of the week mate. "
10.35am: "how does England start," wonders SAMISH SANTHOSH. "who do we expect England to open with because trevor bayliss told that Jason roy is suited in middle over" He did indeed, Samish, but we're still expecting to see him walk out at the top of the order.
"I'm interested in the hype around Jofra Archer," parps Thermio. "To me he is a good bowler who bowls at pace and so far has had favourable conditions to move the ball and takes his wickets but the English are treating him like the second coming. Why is that?"
You've seen him bowl, right? 11 wickets at a shade over 12 so far this series, speeds approaching 96mph, control, swing, accuracy - you name it, he's got it. If we can't get excited about someone like that, what can we get excited about?!
10.25am: "Any news on weather conditions?" asks Ben. Leeds is positively bathed in sunshine, bright blue skies, and a perfect day for batting.
Jo: "Why not start earlier, given the time of year???" It's a good question, and I've never quite understood it. I suppose punters who have booked expensive trains from miles away wouldn't be best pleased, but they put up with it in the rest of the world.
Ricky: "Do you think we will see Warner in the slips today?" Nope, don't think so. We're expecting an all-new cordon made up of Labuschagne (1st), Harris (2nd), and Wade (3rd), with Khawaja in the gully.
10.10am: While we wait for some movement at the ground, here's some of the juicy goodness we're offering up for you to sink your teeth into. Daniel Brettig writes that on another day Australia might have been rolled for 60, 88, or 102, and that they owe a great deal of gratitude to David Warner and Marnus Labuschagne's partnership, while Warner himself admitted he lived a charmed life yesterday.
For the blow-by-blow account, read Valkerie Baynes' report, and if you're wondering if Joe Root has been using his new toy too much, watch #PoliteEnquiries where Melinda Farrell and George Dobell discuss that very question.
10.05am: 98 overs to be bowled today, supposedly, with the session times as follows (all local time):
Morning: 1100-1300
Afternoon: 1340-1610
Evening: 1630-1830
10.00am: Morning all, and welcome to our coverage of the second day of this third Ashes Test. They all do in a tight series, but this in particular feels like a massive day. The sun is out, the pitch is dry, and if England are still batting at stumps, they'll be well-placed to square the series; if Australia bowl them out for under 200, they'll be a step closer to retaining the urn.
It's going to be a good one, so settle in and get ready to enjoy the ride: buy that pain aux raisins you were eyeing up; have that extra espresso shot in your coffee; read that George Dobell piece on Jofra Archer's preternatural talents. I'll be joined by Alan Gardner to talk you through the day, and it's got all the makings of a cracker.
 Innings Start
Australia
England
3rd Test, Leeds, Aug 22 - 25 2019, ICC World Test Championship
179 &
67 &
Player of the match is Ben Stokes, ENG
England won by 1 wicket
