Data
Chanderpaul and Gayle stroll, casually, out into the middle. No rush. Smallish crowd so far, just a sprinkling around the ground, but it will no doubt fill up quickly...and very quickly if (Chris) Gayle Force blows in.
Here come Australia, jogging out into the middle under a pleasingly cloud-free sky. We're in for a cracker here today. Just waiting for the two West Indian openers now...
Right, chaps. Thanks to all the UK readers who've written to say the GMT time is wrong. Actually, it's right - we're now on BST (British Summer Time) which is a different thing. 14.20BST is 13.20GMT. As you were.
Bob Willis is looking decidedly pink on television. He hasn't quite perfected David Gower's uber-smooth "I was born to present cricket from the beach" look. Mind you, he really has mastered that particular art.
"Tait and Bracken will blow the Windies away," roars the alliteratively named Big Brummie Bob. "Nice damp track, ball swinging around at 95mph - too much for the hosts I am afraid. West Indies less than 100 all out..." Fierce comments. We're ten minutes away from starting, barring a sudden monsoon, so hang around.
08.50
Good morning, g'afternoon and good evening to all. Jamie's fallen off his perch, so it'll me, Will Luke, and Jenny Thompson to take you through today's match (half of it, anyway). We're very excited and trust you are too. The good news is the rain has, at last, relented; in the words of our esteemed editor, Andrew Miller, "blue skies and fluffiness abound". We'll have more erudite observations from him, and us, shortly.
Rain delays play. Stumps
So thats all for today, folks. I shall be back with the action for you tomorrow at 13:30 GMT. Until then, good night/evening/afternoon/morning to all of you who've logged on, wherever you may be. Cheers!
16:01 local, 20:01 GMT Play has been postponed until tomorrow. The target for West Indies will indeed be 323 from 50 overs. Thats because Australia played out a full 50 overs.
15:53 local, 19:53 GMT Bad news, the drizzle is back and the covers are going back on. That should be that for the day. Just 32 minutes till the cut-off time.
15:45 local, 19:45 GMT Okay, I have news for all of you. The target, for West Indies, has been set as 163 from 20 overs. Hmmm...the only question remains the start time. Thats not been confirmed. I doubt they'll get 20 overs in. The Aussies are on the outfield getting ready, so something is happening...
15:41 local, 19:41 GMT Whats this? The covers are coming off...will they have a go at this? A little smashathon? I'll feed you details as they come in...
Did Omair's poetry have anything to do with this?
Andrew: "It's very humid out there, but the mizzle does seem to have stopped. Pretty dark too, but then that's been the case all day."
Let me remind you that you can now watch an animated representation of our commentary on Cricinfo 3D. It uses all our scoring data to render a 3d representation of the game, with various camera angles for you to play around with, and it has features such as wagon wheels, pitch maps, and the live scorecard. There are also replays after every wicket and boundary on demand, as well as celebrations for wickets. Oh, and it's free. Click away.
15:34 local, 19:34 GMT Andrew and his posse at the ground reckon the latest restart has to be 4.25pm local, for a 20-over slog. Interesting.
15:22 local, 19:22 GMT Andrew again: "The groundstaff are loitering but to no great avail. I think we're going to have to conclude this one tomorrow. The latest we can play is until 5.45pm local, according to those in the know. It's currently 3.20pm. And with 20 overs required to constitute a game, they'll need to get started within the hour."
Definitely not good news for the fans out there right now. That means, probably, that if there's no play today, West Indies will still chase 323 with a full 50 overs tomorrow. And thats only if a calculation has been made that they stick to that.
As we kill time, here's a little ditty from one of our readers, Omair Shamim, who picked up on - nay, was inspired by - Andrew's update:
"Its really a crapy mizzle
Its barely even a drizzle
But there is so much water on the covers
There is not point to "muscle"
Still a generous crowd waiting
Just for umpire to give whistle"
See what free time can do to a man? Can we get the game going please...
14:53 local, 18:53 GMT Andrew Miller, from the ground, buzzes: "It's a really crappy mizzle. It's barely even raining, but with so much water already on the covers there's no point in trying to mop up. Still a generous crowd waiting patiently on the grass banks though." Well, there you have it.
14:33 local, 18:33 GMT Theres no let-up. The covers remain on the square. Players still inside.
13:59 local, 17:59 GMT The rain has returned, and the waiting game begins. Watch this space for further updates. I cannot give you an idea as to how long play will be suspended. Its a drizzle.
Please do have a look at our guide to the Super Eights. It will help clarify alot of the questions that are coming in.
Riding on Matthew Hayden's excellent hundred, Australia have posted a big total, their fourth in a row in excess of 300 in the tournament. A great effort. Ponting, Clarke and Watson chipped in with cameos and West Indies have a tough ask ahead of them. This brand new surface has been ideal for batting, and there are some clean strikers of the ball to come.
We will have a shortened lunch break due to the overs lost in the rain interval. Dont go anywhere. We'll be back shortly for the second innings.
49.6;4;Bravo to Watson, FOUR runs and he ends off in style! Bravo goes wide with the slower ball, Watson hangs on it and drives on the up between cover and point, and thats four to take Australia to 322 for six!;
49.5;1b;Bravo to Hogg, 1 bye slower one again, just outside off stump, Hogg goes down as he heaves across the line, misses and Watson calls for the run, a direct hit comes in but he's safely home;
49.4;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run low full toss on the stumps, swatted out to wide long-on for just the single;
49.3;4;Bravo to Watson, FOUR runs shot! Overpitched outside off stump, Watson gets down on bended knee and drives in the off side gap for four;
49.2;4;Bravo to Watson, FOUR runs another attempted yorker turns out a slow full toss on off stump, Watson waits for it and slams it over midwicket for four;
49.2;1w;Bravo to Watson, 1 wide full down leg side, wide called;
49.1;?;Bravo to Watson, no run lovely one, really slow on a length outside off stump, Watson has to wait ages for it and then slashes at it, the ball takes the edge and drops before Ramdin;
48.6;1lb;Collymore to Watson, 1 leg bye full outside off stump, Watson comes well outside the line in an attempt to paddle it fine, the ball hits him on the full and he steals a leg-bye in front of point;
48.5;1;Collymore to Hogg, 1 run well bowled, yorker in the zone, Hogg gets bat on it and squeezes one into the covers;
48.4;2;Collymore to Hogg, 2 runs yorker ends up a low full toss on the stumps, Hogg drives through cover out to the sweeper and picks up two more;
48.3;2;Collymore to Hogg, 2 runs dropped in short, Hogg chops that past backward point out to Bravo in the deep for a couple;
48.2;?;Collymore to Hogg, no run back of a length outside off stump, Hogg backs away and looks to flay it through the off side but connects with air;
48.1;1;Collymore to Watson, 1 run low full toss outside off stump, Watson flashes and gets a thick edge down to third man for one;
41.6;?;Samuels to Hayden, no run another yorker outside off stump, Hayden drives back to Samuels;
41.5;1;Samuels to Watson, 1 run tossed up, Watson comes and takes it on the full and flicks across the line but right to Sarwan at square leg;
41.4;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run flat, yorker-length ball outside off stump, Hayden jams the bat down and steers it to backward point;
41.3;1;Samuels to Watson, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Watson gets forward and plays across the line to pick up one into midwicket;
41.2;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run flat on middle and leg, driven to mid-on for one;
41.1;?;Samuels to Hayden, no run tossed up, Hayden gets to the pitch and drives into the covers, where Lara fields;
40.6;?;Powell to Watson, no run back of a length on off stump, Watson gets his head down and defends back to Powell, who finishes a pretty decent spell given the occasion and situation;
40.5;W;Powell to Hussey, OUT bowled 'em! Hussey reaches out to drive a very full delivery and ends up dragging it back onto off stump! A tame dismissal and Powell's gotten a second in his final over!;Michael Hussey b Powell 9 (20m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
40.4;2;Powell to Hussey, 2 runs good length outside off stump, Hussey square-drives wide of square and knows theres two for the taking from the word go;
40.3;1;Powell to Hayden, 1 run fuller one in the blockhole, Hayden flicks across the stumps for one to square leg;
40.2;4;Powell to Hayden, FOUR runs close! Hayden steps out and lofts one down to long-on, where Sarwan misjudges it as he comes in from the ropes, and the ball just evades his outstretched arms for four!;
40.1;4;Powell to Hayden, FOUR runs he makes room and lifts a fuller one just over mid-off for four, shot!;
47.6;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run full in the zone, well bowled, Watson can only dig it out to mid-on for the single;
47.5;1lb;Bravo to Hogg, 1 leg bye full down leg, Hoggs already taken guard well outside leg stump and cant work it away, ends up with a leg-bye to square leg;
47.4;1;Bravo to Watson, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, Watson drives along the ground of mid-off;
47.3;?;Bravo to Watson, no run well bowled! Slower one just outside off stump deceives Watson, that was so close to off stump;
47.2;?;Bravo to Watson, no run slower ball again, outside off stump, Watson looks for that cheeky paddle around the corner as he moves across to off, but cant pull it off;
47.1;W;Bravo to Hayden, OUT full in the zone, no room to work with, and Hayden scoops this in the air straight down the throat of Samuels at long-off, and an excellent innings comes to an end;Matthew Hayden c Samuels b Bravo 158 (216m 143b 14x4 4x6) SR: 110.48;
46.6;?;Collymore to Watson, no run slower ball, on a yorker length just outside off stump and Watson is beaten on the drive;
46.5;6;Collymore to Watson, SIX runs great improvisation from Watson! Ambles across to off, goes down on one knee, and scoops this high around the corner for six! Top shot!;
46.4;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run full on middle and leg, he drives via an inside-edge to square leg;
46.3;4;Collymore to Hayden, FOUR runs aha! Hayden! Gives himself room outside leg stump and smashes this through the covers for four;
46.2;1lb;Collymore to Watson, 1 leg bye drifting down leg, Watson stands and eyes the deep midwicket ropes, swings at it but ends up with a leg-bye to the off side;
46.1;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, driven to Lara at cover and sets off immediately for the run;
39.6;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run quicker one again, Hussey tries to dab it and gets beaten;
39.5;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run quicker one outside off stump, checked drive into the covers;
39.4;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run slower one, tossed up, Hayden waits for it and then opens the face to place it in front of backward point for a single;
39.3;1;Samuels to Hussey, 1 run flat in the blockhole, Hussey manages to chip it into midwicket for one;
39.3;1w;Samuels to Hussey, 1 wide he tries too much and ends up firing one well wide of off stump for a wide;
39.2;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run tossed up, he gets to the length and punches down to long-off;
39.1;?;Samuels to Hayden, no run width offered, he cuts but ends up chopping into the ground before point;
38.6;?;Powell to Hussey, no run beaten by the slower one, angled across off stump, as he stands and dabs the bat at it;
38.5;1;Powell to Hayden, 1 run fuller one outside off stump, Hayden frees the arms and drives into the covers where Lara drives to his left and saves three runs;
38.4;?;Powell to Hayden, no run well bowled, in the blockhole, Hayden rolls the wrists over it to jam it out;
38.3;2;Powell to Hayden, 2 runs fuller one angled across off stump, Hayden stands rooted and squeezes two out past backward point;
38.2;1;Powell to Hussey, 1 run fuller on off stump, taken on the full and driven down to long-off;
38.1;4;Powell to Hussey, FOUR runs shot! Short outside off stump and Hussey pulls off the front foot, slamming it over midwicket for four!;
37.6;1;Samuels to Hussey, 1 run tossed up, he comes out and drives to long-off to get off the mark;
37.5;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run fired in full and flat, Hussey digs it back out to Samuels;
37.4;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run again he's struggling, driving to point;
37.3;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run flatter one, now he reaches and drives to Lara at mid-off;
37.2;?;Samuels to Hussey, no run tossed up, Hussey has to reach for it and drives back to Samuels;
37.1;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run there it is! Second hundred of the tournament for Hayden! Stands in his crease and drives one to mid-off, waits to see if the fielder can get to it, and then calls for the run. Superb effort, remember he took some 19 deliveries to get off the mark, and he's gotten here with a strikerate in the 90s. Great knock from Haydos.;
36.6;?;Powell to Hussey, no run back of a good length outside off stump, Hussey reaches for it and drives into the covers;
36.5;?;Powell to Hussey, no run driveable length on the stumps, Hussey does so but hits the nonstriker's stumps, had Powell gotten a finger to it Hayden was a goner;
36.4;?;Powell to Hussey, no run back of a length, moves in from leg to off and Hussey gets behind the line and defends to point;
36.3;?;Powell to Hussey, no run overpitched again and this time he drives straight to mid-off;
36.2;?;Powell to Hussey, no run overpitched outside off stump, Hussey drives straight to Sarwan in the covers;
36.1;1;Powell to Hayden, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Hayden waits for it and dabs between cover and point for one to get to 99;
35.6;W;Samuels to Symonds, OUT edged and gone! Samuels fires one wide of off stump, Symonds stands there and looks to bring the bat down late to cheekily run it fine, but ends up with a thin edge that Ramdin neatly snaps up!;Andrew Symonds c ?Ramdin b Samuels 13 (22m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 72.22;
35.5;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, driven down to long-off for one;
35.4;2;Samuels to Hayden, 2 runs full on leg stump, clipped well through midwicket to calls of "HUSTLE, HUSTLE" and thats a well-run two;
35.3;?;Samuels to Hayden, no run flatter outside off stump, Hayden gets to it and drives straight to point;
35.2;1;Samuels to Symonds, 1 run flatter on off stump, flicked out to long-on for one;
35.1;2;Samuels to Symonds, 2 runs tossed up outside off, driven to long-off and they get two;
34.6;1;Bravo to Symonds, 1 run good length outside off stump, again Symonds runs it off the face of the angled bat and gets one to third man;
34.5;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run good length on middle and leg, Hayden gets well over it and flicks into midwicket for one;
34.4;1;Bravo to Symonds, 1 run back of a length and moving in from outside off stump, he plays it late and runs it down to third man to raise the 200;
34.3;4;Bravo to Symonds, FOUR runs slower one goes all wrong, short outside off stump and Symonds picks it up early, swatting it over the infield for four past mid-on;
34.2;?;Bravo to Symonds, no run back of a length on off stump, Symonds stands deep in his crease and pushes it back to Bravo;
34.1;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run good length on leg stump, Hayden drives to mid-on and calls for one immediately;
33.6;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run tossed up, he gets to the pitch and drives into the covers with soft hands to retain strike;
33.5;4;Samuels to Hayden, FOUR runs biff! Short, flat outside off stump and Hayden rocks back to flat-bat that powerfull down the ground for four and he moves into the nineties;
33.4;1;Samuels to Symonds, 1 run flat down leg stump, picked off the pads into midwicket for an easy single;
33.3;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run flat outside off stump, Hayden gets to the pitch and drives into the covers for one;
33.2;1;Samuels to Symonds, 1 run slower one outside off stump, Symonds waits for it and then dabs it to backward point for one;
33.1;?;Samuels to Symonds, no run tossed up, driven to Lara at mid-on;
32.6;2;Bravo to Hayden, 2 runs on the pads once again, and Hayden works it past square leg for a couple as Powell gives chase;
32.5;?;Bravo to Hayden, no run slower one comes out a full toss on leg stump, surprising Hayden, who hops up and keeps it down to midwicket, Symonds is well down the track and has to scamper back;
32.4;1;Bravo to Symonds, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Symonds gets onto one knee, ducks somewhat, and swats it through square leg for one...odd but effective;
32.3;?;Bravo to Symonds, no run a tad fuller on middle and leg, Symonds on-drives to Lara at mid-on;
32.3;1w;Bravo to Symonds, 1 wide angled down the leg side off a length and its called wide, duly;
32.2;?;Bravo to Symonds, no run back of a length outside off stump, he stands up and defends with an inside-edge to square leg;
32.1;?;Bravo to Symonds, no run full on the pads, Symonds flicks but straight to square leg;
31.6;6;Samuels to Hayden, SIX runs he comes out, dancing down the track, Samuels drops it wide and short, Hayden goes through with his shot, one-handed, and somehow manages to get enough bat on it to send it high in the air between long-on and long-off!;
31.5;?;Samuels to Hayden, no run flat outside off stump, Hayden comes out and drives to cover;
31.4;1;Samuels to Symonds, 1 run again full down leg stump, Symonds gets off the mark with a nudge to short fine leg;
31.3;?;Samuels to Symonds, no run flat on leg stump, worked to square leg;
31.2;?;Samuels to Symonds, no run tossed up on off stump, Symonds defends back to Samuels;
31.1;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run looped up outside off stump, Hayden reaches for it and drives it between extra cover and long-off to collect a single;
30.6;?;Bravo to Symonds, no run good shout! Symonds stands rooted, and plays all over one that swings in from middle and off, clearly did too much to take leg stump, and Rauf shakes his head.;
30.5;W;Bravo to Clarke, OUT and Bravo gets his man! Clarke plays half-cock forward to one that moves in appreciably from outside off stump, gets rapped on the leg, everyone appeals and after a good thought umpire Rauf raises the dreaded finger;Michael Clarke lbw b Bravo 41 (71m 47b 4x4 0x6) SR: 87.23;
30.4;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run back of a length on leg stump once again, and Hayden coolly works it to square leg for one more;
30.3;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run too full on leg stump and Clarke flicks past square leg for one, Hayden says no the second as the fielder moves well;
30.2;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run good length on leg stump, Hayden waits for it and taps it into midwicket for another milked single;
30.1;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run drifts to leg and Clarke puts him away for one out to backward square leg;
29.6;2;Samuels to Hayden, 2 runs short and flat outside off stump, Hayden works it through midwicket for a very well-run two;
29.5;1;Samuels to Clarke, 1 run tossed up, Clarke gets forward and whips it to Lara at mid-on;
29.4;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run short and wide, he chops into the covers for one;
29.3;1;Samuels to Clarke, 1 run short, flat and Clarke makes room to cut past point for one;
29.2;?;Samuels to Clarke, no run tossed up on off stump, flicked but right to midwicket;
29.1;1;Samuels to Hayden, 1 run flat outside off stump, Hayden shuffles across and gets one to square leg easily;
28.6;2;Bravo to Clarke, 2 runs slower ball on off stump, Clarke gets over it and flicks it to square leg for two;
28.5;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run back of a length on leg stump again, easy pickings for Hayden, who works it to square leg for one;
28.4;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run back of a length on leg stump again, worked fine for one;
28.3;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run good length on middle and off, Clarke shuffles across and flicks it around the corner for one;
28.2;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run well bowled, the slower one almost in the blockhole, Clarke too backs away to leg and has to adjust to keep it out;
28.1;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run back of a length on leg stump, Hayden's already backed away and so he has to drive down the ground for one;
27.6;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run quick, flat and spinning into leg stump, Hayden waits for it and tucks it off the pads for one wide of square leg;
27.5;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run short and flat, Clarke makes room and slams it down to long-off for one;
27.4;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run a mis-hit as Hayden charges and has to adjust to the length and flicking with the inside-edge to short fine leg;
27.3;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run tossed up outside off stump, Hayden comes forward and defends to the covers;
27.2;2;Gayle to Hayden, 2 runs fired in flat, Hayden uses the feet and flicks into midwicket for easy runs again;
27.2;3nb;Gayle to Hayden, (no ball) 2 runs he oversteps, firing it down leg stump and Hayden helps it on its way;
27.1;4;Gayle to Hayden, FOUR runs hah! Hayden dances down the track and hammers this through midwicket for four!;
26.6;?;Bravo to Clarke, no run slower one, full on off stump, worked right to midwicket;
26.5;2;Bravo to Clarke, 2 runs good length on the stumps, he whips it through midwicket out in the wide open spaces, easy as they come;
26.4;4;Bravo to Clarke, FOUR runs gives himself room to smack this one in the gap between cover and mid-off for a thumping four!;
26.3;2;Bravo to Clarke, 2 runs short of a length on middle and leg, Clarke adjusts and semi-pulls through backward square for a well-judged two, helped by the fumble at fine leg;
26.2;1;Bravo to Hayden, 1 run on leg stump, Hayden tickles it to short fine leg for one;
26.1;1;Bravo to Clarke, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Clarke drives past point out to the man on the ropes;
25.6;2;Gayle to Hayden, 2 runs spins into him from a length, he waits for it to come into him and opens the face to run it wide of Bravo at backward point, cheeky;
25.5;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run flatter one, Clarke waits for it and drives to mid-on for one;
25.4;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run flatter one, Hayden dances down to free the arms, drives out towards mid-off for one;
25.3;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run shorter one spins in, Clarke plays it late off the face of the bat to gully;
25.2;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run good length on off stump, driven back to Gayle;
25.1;?;Gayle to Clarke, no run short and flat on off stump, he goes back and punches to midwicket;
24.6;1;Collymore to Clarke, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, he uses the feet and comes out to square-drive wide of point out to third man;
24.5;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, Clarke gets to the pitch and drives right to Gayle in the covers;
24.4;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run short and wide, Clarke crunches hard but an acrobatic Smith at backward point collects it;
24.3;1lb;Collymore to Hayden, 1 leg bye he steps to leg, exposing the stumps, Collymore fires it in short on leg stump, Hayden has to adjust to dabble it off the pads for one to short fine leg;
24.2;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length on the stumps, this time he walks to off stump and taps it to the leg side but Collymore's quick to get to it;
24.1;2;Collymore to Hayden, 2 runs back of a length outside leg stump, Hayden tickles it past short fine leg for an easy brace;
23.6;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run fired in quicker on a length outside off stump, Hayden hops up and gets rapped on the pads outside the line, they appeal but thats not out due to the inside-edge and a run to boot as the ball trickles to point;
23.5;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run shorter and flatter outside off stump, Hayden gets behind it and defends back to Gayle;
23.4;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run flatter one outside off stump, Clarke waits for it and plays late towards gully;
23.3;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run short and wide, he rocks over it and cuts hard past backward point;
23.2;4;Gayle to Hayden, FOUR runs tossed up, he shimmies down and collects it one the full, driving smack straight down the ground between Gayle and the stumps for four and thats his fifty, well played, sir!;
23.1;2;Gayle to Hayden, 2 runs flatter one, Hayden dances down and flicks through midwicket for two;
22.6;4;Collymore to Clarke, FOUR runs fuller one now outside off stump, Clarke gets across and flicks superbly in the gap at mid-on to pick up four, really intelligently done;
22.5;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off stump, Clarke gets across and drives straight to mid-on;
22.4;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, Clarke comes forward and drives to cover;
22.3;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, pushed off the back foot into the covers for one;
22.3;1w;Collymore to Hayden, 1 wide full ball down the stumps, Hayden looks to clip it, theres a noise and Ramdin takes it , then they all go up in appeal, umpire Rauf stands unmoved and then after a few seconds signals wide;
22.2;1;Collymore to Clarke, 1 run good length just outside off stump, Clarke lunges forward and with soft hands just drops it in front of the off side fielders and calls for the run;
22.1;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run dragged in short down leg stump, as if in anticipation that Hayden will dance down the track, and he pulls it down to fine leg for one;
21.6;1;Gayle to Hayden, 1 run shorter, flatter trajectory, Hayden has to adjust to drive towards mid-on;
21.6;1nb;Gayle to Hayden, (no ball) he oversteps, the ball is full and Hayden defends back to Gayle;
21.5;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run quicker one now, Hayden shuffles and looks to flick it away but gets beaten by the pace;
21.4;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run tossed up outside off stump, Hayden comes forward and defends;
21.3;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run flatter and fuller, Hayden defends it;
21.2;?;Gayle to Hayden, no run tossed up outside off stump, Hayden gets a leg well across and then shoulders arms as the ball spins in;
21.1;1;Gayle to Clarke, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Clarke shuffles and flicks across the line for one to midwicket;
20.6;4;Powell to Hayden, FOUR runs once more, he steps out of his crease, again Powell sees him and tries to drop short, but Hayden's all over it, pulling through midwicket and mid-on for another authoritative boundary;
20.5;?;Powell to Hayden, no run back of a length angled across him, he gets half forward and defends to cover;
20.4;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length on the stumps, he defends back to Powell;
20.3;4;Powell to Hayden, FOUR runs now he steps down the track, Powell drops short, but Hayden has too much power on it, placing the jabbed pull over in the air between mid-on and midwicket for four;
20.2;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length on off stump, Hayden shuffles to off and looks to flick through midwicket but doesnt time it well enough, ends up placing it to mid-on;
20.1;2;Powell to Hayden, 2 runs good length outside off stump, Hayden gets forward and drives in the off side gap and collects and easy couple as the sweeper collects it;
19.6;4;Collymore to Clarke, FOUR runs hello! Clarke shimmies down the track and collects a good length delivery on the full, helping himself to a lofted four down to the long-on ropes;
19.5;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, he gets to the pitch and drives well to mid-off;
19.4;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, Clarke comes forward and drives back to Collymore;
19.3;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, Clarke drops the hands on it and runs it to backward point and sends Hayden back;
19.2;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run now he has a walk down the track, the ball is shorter than anticipated and he has to try and adjust, ends up flicking awkwardly to short fine leg;
19.1;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, he stands up and drives to cover;
18.6;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run from around the wicket, bangs in a shorter delivery which Hayden works to mid-on for another riskly single...these Australians are sure trying to get themselves run out today;
18.5;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run good length outside off stump, Clarke gets a good stride forward and places it into the cover, waits to see if Gayle can get to it, and when he doesnt Clarke calls for the run;
18.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length on the stumps, again worked to the man on the leg side;
18.3;4;Taylor to Clarke, FOUR runs good length on off stump, comes in, Clarke rolls the wrists well and works it past Lara, who misfields, and the ball trickles over the ropes past mid-on;
18.2;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off stump, this time he gets well forward and drives to cover, though not with any perfect timing;
18.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run fuller one on off stump, Clarke gets over it and flicks straight to Samuels at midwicket, who fields well;
17.6;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length on the stumps, Hayden is again cramped for room and has to defend back to Collymore, who's bowled a very tidy over;
17.5;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, Hayden looks to come onto the front foot but has to adjust, playing it off the backfoot to point;
17.4;2;Collymore to Hayden, 2 runs short of a length on off stump, he waits for it and then rolls the wrists over it, placing it in the gap at midwicket for a well-run two;
17.3;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length on the stumps, played back to the bowler again;
17.2;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run good length on middle and leg, he's cramped for room and taps it back to Collymore's left;
17.1;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run good length on leg stump, worked back towards Collymore;
16.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length on the stumps, worked to the man at midwicket;
16.5;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run good length on off stump, Clarke shuffles and drives to Lara at mid-on, calls for another mad single, then sends Hayden back, and Lara's throw just misses! Hayden wouldve been out by a meter!;
16.4;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, Clarke stands up and drives back to Taylor;
16.3;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, Hayden opens the face and places it to the right of Smith at point, but he dives and saves runs;
16.2;1;Taylor to Clarke, 1 run good length outside off stump, he gets forward and pushes right to Chanderpaul at mid-off and calls for the run, and luckily for him a poor throw lets him off, had it hit he was a goner;
16.1;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off stump, up on the toes goes Clarke, punching to cover and telling Hayden to stay where he is as cover swoops in;
15.6;1;Collymore to Clarke, 1 run drifts to leg and Clarke flicks it around the corner down to Chanderpaul at fine leg;
15.5;2;Collymore to Clarke, 2 runs good length outside off stump, Clarke gets forward and runs it down to third man for two, wants the third but decides against it, wisely;
15.4;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run good length on off stump, he plants the front leg forward and flicks across the line to midwicket;
15.3;?;Collymore to Clarke, no run fuller length outside off stump, Clarke drops the angled bat down on it and squeezes it to backward point;
15.2;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run Hayden walks down the crease and Collymore digs it in short, Hayden pulls over midwicket out to the man on the ropes;
15.1;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, defended to Sarwan at cover;
14.6;?;Taylor to Clarke, no run back of a length delivery moves in a wee bit from outside off stump, Clarke stands and works it to mid-on and doesnt want the run..wise move from the youngster;
14.5;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run almost! Back of a length outside off stump, Hayden gets back and drops it in front of point and set off, Clarke is really struggling but a wayward throw misses and he's home!;
14.4;W;Taylor to Ponting, OUT and a piece of brilliance gets rid of a brillant batsman! A good length delivery outside off stump, Ponting lunges forward and drives into the covers and sets off, Sarwan collects the ball and has one stump to aim at, and doesnt miss! A superb throw that catches Ponting just short of his crease, even though he was going full stretch! Great work!;Ricky Ponting run out (Sarwan) 35 (46m 36b 4x4 1x6) SR: 97.22;
14.3;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run short of a length outside off stump, Ponting goes back on the toes and punches, away from his body, to cover;
14.2;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run good length on off stump, Hayden has a step across and tickles it around the corner to Collymore at short fine leg for one;
14.1;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run good length moving in from about off stump and Hayden gets back and turns it straight to midwicket;
13.6;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Hayden goes back and across and drives wide of Lara at mid-on for a single to keep strike;
13.6;1w;Collymore to Hayden, 1 wide angled down leg stump, Hayden looks to flick but misses and the umpire signals wide;
13.5;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, no room to work with and Hayden defends it back to Collymore;
13.4;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run a tad fuller on off stump, he gets his head down and defends back to the bowler;
13.3;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length on middle and off, driven back towards Collymore's left;
13.2;2;Collymore to Hayden, 2 runs back of a length on leg stump, clipped past short fine leg for a brace;
13.1;1;Collymore to Ponting, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, Ponting shuffles across to off, exposing leg, and taps it wide of square leg for one;
12.6;1;Taylor to Ponting, 1 run good length outside off stump and Ponting drives, ending up with an inside-edge back past leg stump that trickles down to fine leg;
12.5;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run back of a length on off stump, Ponting gets behind the line and defends back to Taylor;
12.4;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run now a tad fuller outside off stump, this time Ponting comes forward and defends stoically;
12.3;4;Taylor to Ponting, FOUR runs good length outside off stump, and what does he do? He stands there and whips it from outside off through midwicket and mid-on and the ball runs away for four! Hah!;
12.2;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, no movement whatsoever, Ponting walks into his defense to cover;
12.1;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run fraction width offered and Hayden cuts it wide of gulley down to third man;
11.6;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run short of a length on left stump, Hayden gets up and works it off the hips just wide of square eg and calls for an easy run;
11.5;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length on off stump, he stands up and defends back down the ground, 'NO MATE' is the call back to his partner;
11.4;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run good length on middle and leg, Hayden gets forward and flicks it right to the squaer leg fielder;
11.3;1;Collymore to Ponting, 1 run overpitched on middle and leg and Ponting flicks through midwicket, theres a man back on the ropes so now chance of a four;
11.2;1;Collymore to Hayden, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, Hayden places it wide of Lara at midwicket and steals a single;
11.1;?;Collymore to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, Hayden stands up and defends to backward point;
10.6;4;Powell to Ponting, FOUR runs a low full toss outside off stump and Ponting doesnt let it go, just leans forward and drives it between cover and point and the ball speeds across what is a sluggish outfield for four;
10.5;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good length ball on off stump, Ponting gets forward and presents a textbook defense back to Powell;
10.4;?;Powell to Ponting, no run back of a length outside off stump, Ponting gets bat and pad together as he rocks forward to defend to cover;
10.3;1;Powell to Hayden, 1 run again he has a walk down the track, whipping a good length delivery from outside off stump towards square leg;
10.2;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, Hayden gets forward and drives to cover, cant beat the man there though;
10.1;?;Powell to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, Hayden stands and chops it to point;
9.6;4;Collymore to Ponting, FOUR runs sublime! Too full on off stump, Ponting gets well over it and just effortlessly flicks it over square leg for four;
9.5;4;Collymore to Ponting, FOUR runs good length outside off stump, Ponting plants the front leg down the track and short-arm punches that in the over just wide of mid-off for four;
9.4;?;Collymore to Ponting, no run good length on off stump, defended back;
9.3;?;Collymore to Ponting, no run full and wide, he gets down on bended knee and crunches a powerful square drive but a superb effort at point saves four runs, great stuff from Bravo;
9.2;?;Collymore to Ponting, no run madness! Good length on the stumps, Ponting gets over it and drives in front of mid-on and sets off, Hayden stands unmoved and sends him back, Pontings halfway down the track, turns and sprints back to his end and manages to beat the throw;
9.1;?;Collymore to Ponting, no run slower one smack on the money just outside off stump, a hint of movement away from Ponting, who covers his stumps and holds back the bat;
8.6;4;Powell to Hayden, FOUR runs oh ho! Now Hayden, already standing outside his crease, walks down the track and hammers a good length delivery back over Powell's head for four! Thats arrogance!;
8.5;1;Powell to Ponting, 1 run short of a length and coming in from outside off stump, Ponting uses soft hands to drop it in front of the off side fielders and steals a single;
8.4;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, driven to cover;
8.3;3;Powell to Hayden, 3 runs too full outside off stump and Hayden square-drives that past point for a couple;
8.2;?;Powell to Hayden, no run short of a length outside off stump, he mistimes his cut to point;
8.1;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, Hayden leans into his drive but cant beat Samuels in the covers;
7.6;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, he gets forward but mistimes the attempted cover drive, chopping into the ground in front of point;
7.5;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run slower one, striving for the yorker outside off stump, well done and Ponting defends it back to the bowler;
7.4;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Hayden waits for it and plays with soft hands, tapping it in front of point for a quick single;
7.3;4;Taylor to Hayden, FOUR runs and again! Hayden receives a slower ball, too full outside off stump, and drives it smack in that same gap for another boundary;
7.2;4;Taylor to Hayden, FOUR runs more width on offer and Hayden gets onto one knee and flashes a firm drive in the gap between cover and mid-off, albeit in the air for a seconds, and picks up his first four;
7.1;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run overpitched outside off stump, the slower ball, Hayden drives to cover;
6.6;6;Powell to Ponting, SIX runs bang, thats six! Powell decides to bounce him but the lack of carry does him in, Ponting just swivels on one foot and hooks it over deep backward square leg for half a dozen! Shot!;
6.5;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good length on middle and off, thats a confident on drive but straight to mid-on;
6.4;2;Powell to Ponting, 2 runs back of a length, moves in from outside off stump and Ponting has to hurry to work it off the hips in front of square for runs;
6.3;?;Powell to Ponting, no run back of a length on middle and off, he shuffles and works it to the on side;
6.2;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good length on off stump and he drives superbly back down the ground, too well timed and the ball ricochets onto the nonstrikers stumps;
6.1;?;Powell to Ponting, no run short of a length outside off stump, he gets behind it and defends to the off side;
5.6;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run slower delivery angled across off stump, stays low too as Hayden flashes at it and misses;
5.5;3;Taylor to Ponting, 3 runs fractionally overpitched outside off stump and Ponting lunges forward to drive down the ground, mid-off dives over it and has to scramble to haul it in and thats an easy three;
5.4;2;Taylor to Ponting, 2 runs too full and straying down the pads, Ponting shuffles and clips it well past short fine leg, ball looks certain to be a four, but Chanderpaul dives superbly and saves two on the ropes, good to see that kind of effort;
5.3;?;Taylor to Ponting, no run good length just outside off stump, Ponting gets over it and defends it to point;
5.2;1;Taylor to Hayden, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, just tapped wide of point and Hayden gets off a duck;
5.2;1w;Taylor to Hayden, 1 wide another bad ball down leg stump, just drifting too far and thats called wide;
5.1;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, Hayden gets forward and drives nicely down the ground to mid-off;
4.6;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good ball, full in the blockhole and Ponting has to react quickly to dig it out back to Powell's left;
4.5;2;Powell to Ponting, 2 runs good length on off stump, there's the trademark lunge forward and whip through midwicket for Ponting to open his account;
4.4;?;Powell to Ponting, no run back of a length on about off stump, Ponting gets up and defends it back to Powell;
4.3;?;Powell to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, Ponting walks into a confident-looking defensive shot to cover;
4.2;4lb;Powell to Ponting, 4 leg byes another shortish one down leg side, Ponting looks to put it away but the ball clips the pads and he has to settle for leg-byes;
4.1;W;Powell to Gilchrist, OUT edged and gone! Powell bangs in a shorter one at a good pace, lands on about middle and leg and moves in a tad, Gilchrist hops up and defends, maybe he was trying to get bat out of the way, but there's the thinnest of edges through and Ramdin moves to his right and holds a good catch low down! Gilchrist starts to walk before Asad Rauf raises the finger and West Indies have drawn first blood;Adam Gilchrist c ?Ramdin b Powell 7 (21m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
3.6;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, now he squeezes it to the off side and Bravo moves quickly from short extra cover to field it, and Hayden still remains on 0;
3.5;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run good length just outside off stump, Hayden stands and defends to the offside;
3.4;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run tighter line this time, good length on the stumps, Hayden jams bat and pad together and defends back to Taylor;
3.3;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run beaten by a slower one that swings away from off stump, Hayden stands rooted and just wafts at it, very close to getting an edge;
3.2;?;Taylor to Hayden, no run good length well outside off stump, Hayden thinks about driving it and ends up loosely chasing it to get beaten;
3.1;3;Taylor to Gilchrist, 3 runs back of a length on leg stump, poor line, Gilchrist shuffles and works it in the gap on the leg side and Collymore gives chase, an easy three to the batsmen;
2.6;?;Powell to Hayden, no run back of a length outside off stump, left alone;
2.5;?;Powell to Hayden, no run back of a length on middle and leg this time, Hayden has no option but to defend it back to the bowler;
2.4;?;Powell to Hayden, no run back of a length on off stump, Hayden gets up and defends it back to Powell, who's bowling well here;
2.3;?;Powell to Hayden, no run similar length and carry but much closer to off stump, a confident Hayden shoulders arms once more;
2.2;?;Powell to Hayden, no run bends his back into this one, a back of a length, quicker delivery outside off to stump to which Hayden again shoulders arms;
2.1;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length delivery quite outside off stump and Hayden just shoulders arms to it;
1.6;2;Taylor to Gilchrist, 2 runs more width offered this time and he goes through with a square-drive, not timed to perfection, but its in the gap between cover and point and they steal runs as Sarwan gives chase and hauls it in comfortably;
1.5;?;Taylor to Gilchrist, no run beaten by one that lands on a sweet length just outside off stump, the ball does enough off the pitch and Gilchrist is suckered into a tame drive away from the body;
1.4;2;Taylor to Gilchrist, 2 runs back of a length on leg stump, Gilchrist works that away behind square for a couple;
1.4;1w;Taylor to Gilchrist, 1 wide but thats another wide well down leg stump, which Taylor doesnt approve of, visibly;
1.3;?;Taylor to Gilchrist, no run back of a length on off stump, Gilchrist stands and works it to midwicket again, Taylor hitting a good length already;
1.2;?;Taylor to Gilchrist, no run short of a length on the stumps, he moves around and works it straight to midwicket;
1.1;?;Taylor to Gilchrist, no run good length moving in from middle stump, Gilchrist doesnt move his feet much but squeezes it out to cover with a firm 'NO' back to Hayden;
1.1;1w;Taylor to Gilchrist, 1 wide back of a length delivery goes down leg stump for a wide;
0.6;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, he gets forward and drives back down the track, mid-off moves quickly and gets to it;
0.5;?;Powell to Hayden, no run overpitched outside off stump, he leans into his drive but cant beat Samuels at cover;
0.4;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good stuff, short of a length with some good purchase off the deck, Hayden stands rooted and decides to leave it on length, and it deviates over the top of middle stump;
0.3;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, defended towards point;
0.2;?;Powell to Hayden, no run good length outside off stump, he gets half forward and drives and gets an inside-edge to square leg;
0.1;1lb;Powell to Gilchrist, 1 leg bye back of a length on leg stump, Gilchrist tries to tickle it fine but mistimes it to short fine leg for a leg-bye;

Right, we're live! The two umpires from Pakistan, Aleem Dar and Asad Rauf, have taken their positions and the West Indians are setting themselves up in the field. A very vocal crowd out today, lots of home support with Australians scattered here and there. Adam Gilchrist to face Daren Powell. Two slips in place, three men on the off side, two saving runs on the leg inside the circle. Buckle up, here we go!
* * * * * * * * * *
Hello and welcome to the first match of the 2007 World Cup Super Eights, between West Indies and Australia at the newly inaugurated Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in St John's, Antigua.
I'm Jamie Alter, your commentator, and I'll be here till the very last delivery.
The toss: Mark Nicholas was down with the two captains, and looked on as Brian Lara won the toss and elected to field on a virgin strip. The West Indies have brought in Corey Collymore for Ian Bradshaw. Australia have fielded the same side from the win over South Africa, meaning Andrew Symonds is preferred over the in-form Brad Hodge.
Pitch report: This a brand new venue, and so little is known about the surface, but the groundsmen hope it offers much more than the old Antigua Recreation Ground which was a notorious featherbed. Michael Holding reckoned the shaved surface has been rolled well, so it keeps together, and that cracks won't open up easily. It looks hard, real hard, which should encourage the side that bats first.
Incidentally, Andrew Miller, our man at the ground, informs me that its been drizzling all morning and the local weather men say the clouds are likely to linger. Watch this space for more...
The scenario: Australia are second in the overall tournament standings, just behind Sri Lanka on run rate, while West Indies are third. Both sides have carried over two points into this round.
Current form: As S Rajesh pointed out in his stats preview of this game, in the last ten matches, both teams have won five each. The West Indies, who won all three of their group matches, beat Australia in a Champions Trophy match last year before they lost to the same team in the final. Australia are in ominous form, and having dismissed minnows Scotland and the Netherlands with typical ruthlessness, they recorded a crushing victory over the world's top-ranked one-day side South Africa.
Captains' call: Brian Lara has admitted his side still have plenty of work to do if they are to match the standard set by reigning world champions Australia at this World Cup. "We are trying to create a lot of match-winners, not just one or two, in our team," he said. "We are dangerous - but they are more dangerous. I am quietly confident that we can perform pretty well in this World Cup. The tournament still has a month left, and it is important to take each game at a time - don't get over-confident."
Ricky Ponting stressed Australia were expecting a tough test from the hosts. "I think they are a very good one-day side. It will take a performance similar to the one we had against South Africa the other day to beat them."
Let me remind you that you can now watch an animated representation of our commentary on Cricinfo 3D. It uses all our scoring data to render a 3d representation of the game, with various camera angles for you to play around with, and it has features such as wagon wheels, pitch maps, and the live scorecard. There are also replays after every wicket and boundary on demand, as well as celebrations for wickets. Oh, and it's free. Click away.
 Innings Start
In dismissing them inside their 50 overs, Australia have avoided a slow over-rate penalty. And it's a big, big win for them - 103 runs - with just Brian Lara, inevitably, holding up their victory charge with a slick 77. Denesh Ramdin showed plenty of ability and class in his 52 but it was the failings of the top-order which hurt the West Indies. Chris Gayle 2; Shivnarine Chanderpaul 5; Ramnaresh Sarwan 29 and Marlon Samuels 4. There were some decidedly complacent, injudicious strokes in those wickets too. All in all, a comprehensive, worry-free win for Australia. Keep an eye out for the verdict and the bulletin but, from me Will Luke, and Jenny Thompson, it's good night.
45.3;W;Tait to Powell, OUT gone! And it's all over. Full and straight from Tait; Powell takes another step outside leg, and is comprehensively bowled;Daren Powell b Tait 5 (10m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
45.2;?;Tait to Powell, no run not quite sure what he was attempting there...he took a good step outside his leg stump, trying to uppercut it...missing it by at least a metre;
45.1;?;Tait to Powell, no run quick, spearing into the batsman who gives himself a touch of room, pinging it powerfully to mid-off;
44.6;?;Bracken to Collymore, no run neatly defended on the front foot;
44.5;1;Bracken to Powell, 1 run gone! No, ignore me. A big swish over cover but it lands safe;
44.4;?;Bracken to Powell, no run and a play-and-a-miss;
44.3;1;Bracken to Collymore, 1 run excellent ball, squaring him up but he plays it well, angling it down;
44.2;W;Bracken to Ramdin, OUT gone! A slower ball, on middle stump and just angling across the batsman who tried to smash it over the bowler's head...a thin outside edge which Gilchrist gobbles;Denesh Ramdin c ?Gilchrist b Bracken 52 (56m 43b 6x4 0x6) SR: 120.93;
44.1;1;Bracken to Powell, 1 run pushed out to cover;
43.6;2;Tait to Ramdin, 2 runs turned around to fine leg and they pick up a single. No, they're going for two - and they'll get it easily;
43.5;4;Tait to Ramdin, FOUR runs well that's a fine stroke with which to bring up a combative fifty, uppercutting it wide of third man. Excellent cricket;
43.4;1;Tait to Powell, 1 run pushed out to mid-off, to Symonds, who shies and - breaking news - misses;
43.3;1b;Tait to Ramdin, 1 bye close! A huge swing and a miss, the batsman appearing to glove the ball mere millimetres from his off stump;
43.2;1;Tait to Powell, 1 run crashed on the front foot, but there's no power in the stroke;
43.1;1;Tait to Ramdin, 1 run worked off his legs for a single;
42.6;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run a full toss which is pumped to long-on to end the over;
42.5;1;Symonds to Powell, 1 run pat-pads this to cover;
42.5;5w;Symonds to Powell, 5 wide the wrong line, drifting down the leg stump and it races for four. Pretty sloppy from GIlchrist;
42.4;W;Symonds to Taylor, OUT and he's gone. Big indrift for Symonds there, foxing the batsman who tried to sweep and was trapped in front;Jerome Taylor lbw b Symonds 10 (13m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
42.3;?;Symonds to Taylor, no run pushed back to the bowler;
42.2;?;Symonds to Taylor, no run again pushed to mid-on but timed it too well to get a run;
42.1;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run full and straight, punched to a wide mid-on;
41.6;4;Hogg to Taylor, FOUR runs shot. In the slot, he slog-sweeps it over midwicket. That's what we like;
41.5;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run slightly wide of the off stump but a crisp drive finds point;
41.4;2;Hogg to Taylor, 2 runs very neatly swept around the corner;
41.3;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run big turn there, back into the right hander who chops to gully;
41.2;1;Hogg to Taylor, 1 run off the back foot, he works it to cover for a quick single. Tait thinks about throwing down the stumps...but decides against it;
41.1;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run ooh, swept aerially but it falls short of the man running round from fine-leg;
40.6;?;Symonds to Taylor, no run worked around the corner;
40.5;?;Symonds to Taylor, no run defended on the front foot;
40.4;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run worked off his legs through midwicket;
40.3;4;Symonds to Ramdin, FOUR runs neat stroke, lofting it over cover for four;
40.2;1;Symonds to Taylor, 1 run pushed to midwicket for a quick single;
40.1;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run single to long-on;
39.6;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run pokes the blade towards that one, misses, but wasn't near connecting, so no drama;
39.5;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run shuffled into the covers and there's a quick single;
39.4;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run defended tidily;
39.3;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run worked out to point;
39.2;1;Hogg to Taylor, 1 run turns in from outside leg, the batsman has room, in turn, to turn that in front of midwicket. Lots of turning, like a driving Test or nothing (ah, test... too much cricket!);
39.1;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run didn't pick the googly and that's a very good shout indeed from Gilchrist who whips off the bails before you can say "Third umpire". But Taylor, rightly, got the benefit of the doubt - after several replays from different angles;
38.6;2;Symonds to Ramdin, 2 runs thrown back in from fine leg, but they can't prevent the second;
38.5;4;Symonds to Ramdin, FOUR runs low, full, and spanked over long-on;
38.4;?;Symonds to Ramdin, no run up there and well dug out;
38.3;?;Symonds to Ramdin, no run turned to midwicket;
38.2;1;Symonds to Taylor, 1 run outside off and that's dibbled into the covers;
38.1;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run turn and bounce outside off and that's worked behind point;
37.6;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run another tricksy ball, but the batsman does well to stab his bat down on that one;
37.5;?;Hogg to Taylor, no run oh, nearly took the edge there as that one turned right back in from leg and popped up a touch too, a devil to play;
37.4;W;Hogg to Smith, OUT gone! Leg break which would have gone on to clip off and middle about four-fifths of the way up the stumps. Australia continue to close in on victory now - it's just a matter of time;Dwayne Smith lbw b Hogg 9 (5m 7b 0x4 1x6) SR: 128.57;
37.3;6;Hogg to Smith, SIX runs now this is a nice shot! Down the track, left, right, left and that's struck very well over cow corner;
37.2;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run drags that a touch short and that's a bit of a despairing - yet at the same time forceful -sweep round to square;
37.1;?;Hogg to Ramdin, no run worked off the back foot to point and it's zoomed back in underarm;
36.6;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run gives it a touch of flight and that's flatbatted up through the covers. "Ca.... aaatch," cries Gilchrist, sounding oddly like his voice is in slo-mo;
36.5;2;Symonds to Ramdin, 2 runs more width, Symonds struggling with his line here, and that's dinked into the off side;
36.4;2;Symonds to Ramdin, 2 runs guided down through third man;
36.3;1;Symonds to Smith, 1 run right up there and driven out to long-on;
36.2;2;Symonds to Smith, 2 runs wide and that's worked into the covers;
36.1;1;Symonds to Ramdin, 1 run cheeky - the batsman coming outside off, presenting the face of his bat to sweep behind square;
35.6;?;Hogg to Smith, no run defended into the covers;
35.5;?;Hogg to Smith, no run defended down;
35.4;?;Hogg to Smith, no run that angles across him from leg and defended down;
35.3;W;Hogg to Lara, OUT a huge appeal and that's a tame effort from Lara, a full delivery and he came down the track, yorking himself in the end, and that raps him on the knee at daisy height. The newly shorn Hogg is loving it, as are the Australia players, who swarm around him;Brian Lara lbw b Hogg 77 (118m 83b 8x4 1x6) SR: 92.77;
35.2;?;Hogg to Lara, no run driven to mid-on;
35.1;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run pushed right up there and that's poked down off the front foot;
34.6;2;Bracken to Lara, 2 runs wider and that's worked down to third man and the crowd love it - tooting their horns in appreciation;
34.5;?;Bracken to Lara, no run outside off and that's cut into the ground, Lara looking hungry for more runs;
34.4;1;Bracken to Ramdin, 1 run outside off again, a touch straighter to the righthander who works that down to third man;
34.3;1;Bracken to Lara, 1 run outside off and that's guided easily away to deep third man;
34.2;1;Bracken to Ramdin, 1 run angles across Ramdin and that's crashed in the air through gully but evades a diving Clarke;
34.1;4;Bracken to Ramdin, FOUR runs short, slower, and the batsman does well to give himself room, tucking back to time that well behind point off the back foot and it races away;
33.6;2;Hogg to Lara, 2 runs neat shot, walking into that and rushing it in front of midwicket for two;
33.5;2;Hogg to Lara, 2 runs overthrows - a desperate shy at the striker's end from Watson after Lara tried to sweep on one knee, not cleanly connecting;
33.4;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run oh, Hogg nearly does him with one that's pitched up there and he nearly falls into that shot, nearly;
33.3;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run shuffle-drives that one off his front foot to long-off;
33.2;2;Hogg to Lara, 2 runs a let-off - Lara going for the repeat but not quite getting the distance, but that drops short of the man at extra cover;
33.1;6;Hogg to Lara, SIX runs clears the man at long-off - well clear - with, well you can probably guess but I'll tell you anyway, a really sweet straight drive... comes out of his crease and latches on quickly and sends that high and straight;
32.6;1;Bracken to Lara, 1 run wide outside off, Lara kneels down and late cuts that off one knee down to third man;
32.5;?;Bracken to Lara, no run driven to the man at long-off this time;
32.4;1;Bracken to Ramdin, 1 run short and belted towards midwicket;
32.3;1;Bracken to Lara, 1 run played out behind point;
32.2;4;Bracken to Lara, FOUR runs what a short, Lara just waits and, well, that was magnificent - he deftly touches that away through the vacant first slip; deliberately and sweetly as you like. And you do like;
32.1;?;Bracken to Lara, no run pushed right up there, straight, and that's dug out well;
31.6;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run tickled to midwicket;
31.5;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run Hogg has taken a blow of another kind, that one dibbled into the gully and Clarke shies that over to the non-striker's end where it bounces up and, let's just say, awkwardly at Hogg. Hogg smiles, or was that winces?;
31.4;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run doesn't quite get hold of that one, teeing off with an off-drive;
31.3;2;Hogg to Lara, 2 runs waits on the back foot, and makes a smidge of room for one which is wide already, to work that through point;
31.2;?;Hogg to Lara, no run puts that on the money and Gilly says that was "Nice, George".;
31.1;?;Hogg to Lara, no run poked down off the back foot;
30.6;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run short and Lara connects cleanly, pulling that down to square;
30.5;1;McGrath to Ramdin, 1 run straight again, but Ramdin takes a stride to off to swish it back to leg and there's an easy run there;
30.4;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run straight, and McGrath, like a doting father, tucks him right up. No lullaby, though;
30.3;4;McGrath to Ramdin, FOUR runs width from McGrath and that's hammered off the back foot with a crashing blow through cover. We like that;
30.2;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run pushed into the covers;
30.1;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run chops down and an inside edge crashes into the ground, threatening to take the off sticke. He gets away with it this time;
29.6;1;Hogg to Ramdin, 1 run comes forward to meet this wider ball, clumping it without power to cover;
29.5;?;Hogg to Ramdin, no run excellent feet from Ramdin, skipping back and hammering this into the covers;
29.4;?;Hogg to Ramdin, no run better length from Hogg, rushing onto the batsman who goes back to defend;
29.3;4;Hogg to Ramdin, FOUR runs calmly, elegantly driven through cover. Full toss, four. As it should be.;
29.2;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run the wrong'un, turning away from the left hander who cuts it to third man and gets a single. And his fifty;
29.1;?;Hogg to Lara, no run;
29.1;1w;Hogg to Lara, 1 wide down the leg side, Lara sweeps and misses;
28.6;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run beaten. Cracking ball, jagging back into a meek defensive prod;
28.5;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run pushed out to cover;
28.4;?;McGrath to Ramdin, no run defended on the front foot;
28.3;W;McGrath to Bravo, OUT lazy shot - another complacent, unbalanced drive, not getting on top of it and it spoons straight to Ponting at cover;Dwayne Bravo c Ponting b McGrath 9 (13m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 90;
28.2;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run and it's pushed out to long-off;
28.1;?;McGrath to Lara, no run too leg side from the ageing fast bowler, clipped back to him;
27.6;?;Hogg to Bravo, no run crashed off the back foot to point. Only just short of point...;
27.5;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run again short, and slow, Lara pulls it while down on one knee;
27.5;1w;Hogg to Lara, 1 wide short and down the leg side;
27.4;3;Hogg to Bravo, 3 runs bravo, Dwayne. Just short of a length and he's quick to rock back and crunch it off the back foot. Not quite as well timed as he'd like, but he's fleet of foot;
27.3;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run and again Lara charges him, but Hogg fires it down quicker and straighter. Clipped for a single;
27.2;?;Hogg to Lara, no run another roar from Hogg as Lara is rapped on the pads, but it's down the leg side;
27.1;?;Hogg to Lara, no run not a bad shout indeed from Hogg. Lara gave him the charge but replays confirm not only my blindness, but my deafness too, as Lara clubbed that into his foot;
26.6;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run and he's done it, dropping this into the leg side and stealing the strike;
26.5;1;McGrath to Bravo, 1 run too straight, whipped-creamed off his legs for a single;
26.4;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run on off stump, neither a threatening line or length - no pace either - and Lara clubs it down the ground;
26.3;1;McGrath to Bravo, 1 run pushed to cover - oh dear, they're going for a single. Here comes the throw from cover, and he's just home;
26.2;4;McGrath to Bravo, FOUR runs remarkable shot! Punched on the front foot past the bowler for four. Beautifully timed;
26.1;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run short of a length, he rocks back and punches it into the covers. And they steal a decidedly cheeky single;
25.6;?;Hogg to Bravo, no run punched to silly point;
25.5;?;Hogg to Bravo, no run ooh and he's done him in the length there; charging him, Bravo is forced to jab this down but he gets a thick outside edge which flies just short of gully;
25.4;?;Hogg to Bravo, no run short, wide, cut off the back foot to point;
25.3;?;Hogg to Bravo, no run lovely ball - quicker, on leg stump and he's right forward to it, defending it with firmness;
25.2;W;Hogg to Sarwan, OUT impatience has cost Sarwan. Charging Hogg, taking him on the full, he flat-batted him straight to midwicket. A careless, wasteful shot and the pressure has told;Ramnaresh Sarwan c Ponting b Hogg 29 (101m 58b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
25.1;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run pushed down the ground;
24.6;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run Sarwan back-cuts this to Clarke at point who, brilliantly, throws down the stumps, forcing Sarwan to hurry his bat back into the crease;
24.5;4;Watson to Sarwan, FOUR runs and there we go: short, Sarwan pulls in front of square, timing it really well;
24.4;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run Sarwan gives Watson the charge, crashing this to mid-off but he again can't find the gap there;
24.3;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run short, rising onto Lara's cranium who keeps his eye on the ball - almost lining up his head with it, in fact - before paddling it around the corner;
24.2;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run good length; wrong line, too straight, whipped off his hip;
24.1;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run defended off the back foot;
23.6;?;Hogg to Sarwan, no run defended on the front foot;
23.5;1;Hogg to Lara, 1 run Lara charges him, smashing it on the full to Hogg who actually does really well, diving - tongue still hanging out of his mouth - and getting a hand to it;
23.4;1;Hogg to Sarwan, 1 run again wider, but greater spin here, turning back into the right hander who punches it back to him;
23.3;?;Hogg to Sarwan, no run cracked to point off the back foot;
23.2;?;Hogg to Sarwan, no run clunkily driven straight into the ground. Symonds dives, quite brilliantly, to save a run;
23.1;2;Hogg to Sarwan, 2 runs full - and wide - allowing Sarwan to go down on one knee, propose to the ball, before smashing it wide of cover;
22.6;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run chipped down the ground for the most facile of singles;
22.5;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run elegant, flourishing drive. For nothing.;
22.4;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run on off stump, Lara just pushes it to mid-off and grabs a single;
22.3;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run pushed into the covers;
22.2;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run Sarwan takes a step down the pitch here; Watson sends down a bouncer in repost which Sarwan evades;
22.1;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run just short of a length, and an excellent line here which he works greyly to midwicket;
21.6;4;Tait to Lara, FOUR runs oooh, the tide is turning here. Lara's flicked the switch. A fine ball on off stump, Lara tries to work it to leg - gets a thick outside edge which first slip would've poached with ease...but Australia are slipless;
21.5;4;Tait to Lara, FOUR runs bosh! Lara at his best there, flaying this on the up behind square for another four;
21.4;4;Tait to Lara, FOUR runs short, very short, on leg stump. Lara pulls, gets a thin edge around the corner and it races down for four. Fine batting;
21.4;1w;Tait to Lara, 1 wide miles wide of the off stump, although not quite a Harmiwide. Tait looks as confused as anyone;
21.3;1;Tait to Sarwan, 1 run really crisply hit off the back foot. Sarwan plays that stroke very competently, just punching it really, never trying to hit it too hard;
21.2;1;Tait to Lara, 1 run on leg stump, and worked calmly to mid-on;
21.2;1w;Tait to Lara, 1 wide that'll be a wide, no worries there. Flung down the leg side with an audible grunt by Tait;
21.1;1;Tait to Sarwan, 1 run in the air, but it flies over point and lands short of deep extra cover;
20.6;4;Watson to Lara, FOUR runs what a remarkable shot that is from Lara. Slayed through cover - almost falling backwards as he does so, the bat swirling with an extravagant follow-through and it scudded across the turf for four;
20.5;?;Watson to Lara, no run banged into the pitch and it's left alone this time;
20.4;?;Watson to Lara, no run mighty, mighty close there. On a length, too full to be pulling - but Lara is desperate now, and goes for an almighty heave-ho over midwicket, missing it completely;
20.3;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run full and straight, worked to mid-on for a single;
20.2;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run cracked into the covers, but straight to the man;
20.1;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run whipped off his legs and, oh that's a marvellous piece of fielding from possibly Ponting at short midwicket, throwing down the stumps - and Bracken does well to save an overthrown four;
19.6;?;Tait to Lara, no run just outside off and that's check-drived straight to the man at cover;
19.5;?;Tait to Lara, no run defended into the covers this time;
19.4;?;Tait to Lara, no run clever thinking from Tait, Lara dancing down and Tait answering his charge by cramping him up;
19.3;4;Tait to Lara, FOUR runs short and pulled strong, and brilliantly, in front of midwicket. Not much wrong with that delivery from Tait, just short of a length, but Lara helps himself, and dismissively - disdainfully, even - swats that one away;
19.2;?;Tait to Lara, no run more grunting, like being at Wimbledon on a bad day, and that's pushed right up there, the ball driven back to mid-on;
19.1;?;Tait to Lara, no run more grunting, but it's straighter and that's defended down this time;
19.1;1w;Tait to Lara, 1 wide grunts with the effort - "Ehh" - but still bangs that dully down leg, the batsman gamely swivelling round to have a go, yet is too late on the shot;
18.6;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run straight, with a touch of room, and Sarwan stands tall to ease that one in front of midwicket, but doesn't get much power on it;
18.5;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run hammered straight to Symonds at cover, there was a misfield as it bobbled just in front of him, and that allows the single;
18.4;4;Watson to Lara, FOUR runs slower legcutter and Lara leans into that, strong and with consummate timing, and he smashes it through cover;
18.3;?;Watson to Lara, no run tucked into the midwicket region;
18.2;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run tries to work it to mid-on again;
18.1;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run dropped. Now that would have been a really good take - still, it was a definite chance from a short ball taken by Sarwan from off to just in front of mid-on and Hussey dives, but shells;
17.6;1;Tait to Sarwan, 1 run on leg and swished to square where Mr Cricket pretends to throw it back into the keeper. He loves his cricket;
17.5;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run short, attempted bouncer and that's well ducked under;
17.4;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run pushed right up there and defended on the front foot;
17.3;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run short and Sarwan fails to get it away, jabbing it into the covers. He's giving himself a strict talking to, as the frustration grows;
17.2;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run a touch of width, and Sarwan cuts that down on the rise, straight to point;
17.1;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run flings that one in at a good length, and straight, and that's defended down;
16.6;?;Watson to Lara, no run carved into the covers, but straight to the man. There's a menacing inner ring of fielders waiting to snap something up and the pressure's still building;
16.5;?;Watson to Lara, no run quicker one, outside off, an attempted yorker but he got his line wrong, too wide and Lara's not interested;
16.4;?;Watson to Lara, no run driven out to the covers this time where it's picked up easily enough;
16.3;?;Watson to Lara, no run stays over the wicket and that's just full enough to prevent Lara swinging out at that one;
16.2;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run a fumble at midwicket - will they? Won't they? They will, and it's easy in the end;
16.1;2;Watson to Sarwan, 2 runs crashed away behind point for two easy runs;
15.6;?;McGrath to Lara, no run down that off channel again, the batsman completing a third leave in a row;
15.5;?;McGrath to Lara, no run another leave, slightly less theatrical, but he decided early again - the ball once more pinging outside off and floating a touch away from him;
15.4;?;McGrath to Lara, no run Lara makes obvious his intent to leave that one, whirling his bat round his head as he does so;
15.3;?;McGrath to Lara, no run again, up there, even fuller, and Lara can only defend, in an orthodox manner;
15.2;?;McGrath to Lara, no run much better, straight and fuller, Lara squeezing that into the on side;
15.1;4;McGrath to Lara, FOUR runs too much width - don't bowl there to him! - and that's cracked through cover on the up, top shot;
14.6;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run strayed down off and that's played out to the man on the fine-leg boundary;
14.5;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run strays on leg and that's driven in front of midwicket;
14.4;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run on a good length, driven into the covers;
14.3;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run on off, up there, and Sarwan does well to even manoeuvre that into the leg-side, wristy wrists agogo, but yet again he can't pick the gap. I think the stump mic was turned off that time, just in case;
14.2;2;Watson to Sarwan, 2 runs pushed in front of midwicket;
14.1;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run short, and Sarwan latches on to it, sending it only as far as point. I can't relay what Sarwan said, this being before the watershed, but let's just say his language was a touch industrial, frustrated at missing out;
13.6;3;McGrath to Sarwan, 3 runs way too much width, trying to adjust to the righthander, but there's a good double act from Watson and Symonds on the cover boundary and that's relayed back;
13.5;3;McGrath to Lara, 3 runs ...until now, dragging that a touch short and that's wristed from outside off stump in front of midwicket, Watson gives chase and hunts it down inside the boundary;
13.4;?;McGrath to Lara, no run very straight, and that's defended right down;
13.3;?;McGrath to Lara, no run across him again, a little bit straighter, and Lara is forced to defend yet again;
13.2;?;McGrath to Lara, no run pushes that one across the lefthanded Lara, a touch of room and it rises; the batsman defends it down, this time off the back foot;
13.1;?;McGrath to Lara, no run dances down, stops, and stuns the ball on the front foot, playing defensively down into the track;
12.6;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run worked out to a very wide fine leg;
12.5;1;Watson to Sarwan, 1 run played out to point;
12.4;?;Watson to Sarwan, no run jabbed down off the back foot;
12.3;1;Watson to Lara, 1 run they look for a quick single off an inside edge and there's a direct hit but Umpire Rauf's into his position quickly and saw that the batsman was well in. The Aussies half-heartedly appealed, there, but Lara was so safely home he was up the stairs tucked up in his pyjamas;
12.2;?;Watson to Lara, no run short and that's tickled into midwicket off the back foot, the batsman leaving his crease, but getting back quickly as he realises there's no run on;
12.1;?;Watson to Lara, no run short, on off, and that's jabbed down off the back foot into the covers;
11.6;?;McGrath to Sarwan, no run driven slowly to mid off;
11.5;?;McGrath to Sarwan, no run defended down off the back foot;
11.4;1;McGrath to Lara, 1 run short and that's played down and round behind square;
11.3;?;McGrath to Lara, no run oozes that one into the short midwicket this time;
11.2;?;McGrath to Lara, no run even a mere push of a drive to mid-off, as with this one here, is sumptuous to watch. McGrath bends his back, gets a fingertip to it, and does enough to take the pace off the ball;
11.1;?;McGrath to Lara, no run stays over the wicket to the lefthander, by the way, and Lara jabs that one down off the back foot;
10.6;1;Bracken to Lara, 1 run off the mark at last with a tickle to midwicket;
10.5;?;Bracken to Lara, no run outside off and Lara can leave that one easily enough. So he does;
10.4;?;Bracken to Lara, no run great channeling from Bracken, on off this time, right up there and again Lara is made to defend;
10.3;?;Bracken to Lara, no run even straighter, bang on middle, and Lara shapes to work that one into the midwicket, quick hands as ever, but stops on the shot;
10.2;?;Bracken to Lara, no run jabs quickly down on to this one, straighter, in line with off, and rising, so he plays off the back foot;
10.1;?;Bracken to Lara, no run that one's darted down the off side, on a good length, and the batsman takes his arms and shoulders them;
9.6;?;McGrath to Sarwan, no run and it's firmly defended on the back foot;
9.5;?;McGrath to Sarwan, no run left alone outside off;
9.4;W;McGrath to Samuels, OUT oh dear. That is a truly dreadful shot, skipping down the pitch, he was nowhere near to the pitch of the ball. Trying to hit McGrath back over his head, a one-handed, unbalanced top edge handed a simple skier to Symonds at cover;Marlon Samuels c Symonds b McGrath 4 (9m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
9.3;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run driven on the up, but straight to cover;
9.2;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run cuts back into him and he jabs down on it late;
9.1;4;McGrath to Samuels, FOUR runs shot. Cover driven with elegance, authority, through cover;
8.6;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run cracked to cover. But straight cover;
8.5;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run prodded off the back foot to cover;
8.4;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run excellent line, on off stump - the early boomerang swing has been reduced to just a "rang" - and it's firmly blocked out by Sarwan;
8.3;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run straighter this time, of driveable length, and Sarwan cracks it to mid-off on the up;
8.2;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run ooh, cuts this into Sarwan who is late on it, defending it off the back foot;
8.1;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run on leg stump - again it keeps low - and it's prodded off the back foot;
7.6;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run classic McGrath line-and-length; frustratingly accurate, on off stump, and it keeps a little low on Samuels;
7.5;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run ah, lovely flourishing drive but straight to cover;
7.4;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run what a ball from McGrath. That spat up at Samuels viciously who took his eye off the ball which struck him just below the grill;
7.3;?;McGrath to Samuels, no run back and across, defending this solidly;
7.2;W;McGrath to Gayle, OUT and a wicket with his second ball for McGrath. Short of a length, but Gayle premeditated it, getting a top-edge off a pull and it's skied to Watson at mid-on;Chris Gayle c Watson b McGrath 2 (37m 23b 0x4 0x6) SR: 8.69;
7.1;?;McGrath to Gayle, no run inevitably it's pitches on a length, cutting back into Gayle;
6.6;1;Bracken to Gayle, 1 run too straight, Gayle works it off his legs to fine leg;
6.5;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run good line, and full too, Gayle defends it off the back foot;
6.4;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run check-driven on the front foot to mid-off;
6.3;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run pushed out with a greater flourish into the covers, but still no run;
6.2;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run better. Cutting back into Gayle who is solidly behind it;
6.1;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run left alone outside off. Bracken continues with this annoyingly wide line of the off stump;
5.6;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run neatly clipped off his toes, if not as well timed as he'd like, straight to midwicket;
5.5;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run quicker still (92mph. 148kph) but Sarwan is up on his toes, cutting to point. But straight to point;
5.4;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run clever, intelligent bowling, sending this wider of Sarwan to tempt him - and he is tempted, going for a huge flay outside off. And misses.;
5.3;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run crunched to Ponting's right at mid-off but he dives, and saves;
5.2;?;Tait to Sarwan, no run a nasty riser from Tait. That was a heavy, fast ball really spitting up on Sarwan who fends it off his chest;
5.1;2;Tait to Sarwan, 2 runs on leg stump and, with strong wrist action, he whips it through midwicket;
4.6;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run check-driven to mid-off. No chance of a run there. Australia's fielders are positively buzzing at the moment.;
4.5;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run firmly blocked out on the front foot once more;
4.4;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run a good length this - really nagging length: nearly driveable, but not quite. Gayle is forward in defence;
4.3;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run the day's first solid forward defence from Gayle. Nicely behind it, head right over the ball;
4.2;1;Bracken to Sarwan, 1 run ah, fine bowling from Bracken, pitching this up just a touch. It swings into Sarwan who, to his credit, plays it late off the back foot, angling it past gully;
4.1;?;Bracken to Sarwan, no run pushed out into the off side off the back foot;
3.6;1;Tait to Sarwan, 1 run the wrong line, drifting down leg and Sarwan nudges it to leg to steal the strike;
3.5;W;Tait to Chanderpaul, OUT gone! Full, straight, swinging into Chanderpaul's pads who plays all around it;Shivnarine Chanderpaul lbw b Tait 5 (20m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
3.5;1w;Tait to Chanderpaul, 1 wide quick. Quick ball, 91mph (146ish kph) outside off. Chanderpaul goes for a Caribbean slash, but misses it by miles;
3.4;2;Tait to Chanderpaul, 2 runs oh and Chanderpaul goes on the pull here - too full to be pulling, perhaps? - gets it off the toe of the bat and it spoons in the air over the bowler. Very fortunate not to find mid-on;
3.3;1;Tait to Gayle, 1 run full, swinging into him and Gayle is finally off the mark with a squirted drive past the bowler;
3.2;?;Tait to Gayle, no run there's the line, on middle-and-off and swinging into Gayle who is really hurried into a defensive poke;
3.1;?;Tait to Gayle, no run that's zipped past Gayle's throat, albeit wide of his off stump...but an encouraging sign from Tait, getting good bounce off a length;
2.6;?;Bracken to Chanderpaul, no run swinging into Chanderpaul who is again rapped on the pads, beaten by the swing, but no cause for an appeal there;
2.5;?;Bracken to Chanderpaul, no run driven with more of a flourish and an extended follow-through, but it clunks off the bat without timing to mid-off;
2.4;?;Bracken to Chanderpaul, no run squidged out into the covers off the back foot;
2.3;?;Bracken to Chanderpaul, no run that's close, coming back into Chanderpaul who is rapped on the pads. Replays suggest I'm completely wrong, it wasn't that close, and was rising over his stumps. In fact, it pitched outside off too;
2.2;2;Bracken to Chanderpaul, 2 runs lovely drive, waiting on the back foot before driving it calmly through cover;
2.1;?;Bracken to Chanderpaul, no run very wide of the off stump - I'd have called it. But then that's why I'm typing about the cricket and not officiating. Left alone by the batsman;
1.6;?;Tait to Gayle, no run clipped off his toes straight to midwicket;
1.5;?;Tait to Gayle, no run very well bowled this time, on middle-and-off and Gayle has to jab down on it quickly - his crab-like stance rather suggesting the ball kept a little low;
1.4;1;Tait to Chanderpaul, 1 run a touch straighter - full, fast on leg stump - and Chanderpaul clips it off his toes down to fine leg;
1.4;1w;Tait to Chanderpaul, 1 wide oh dear. This is even wider of the leg stump. A comprehensive wide, if there is such a thing, swinging wider still;
1.3;?;Tait to Chanderpaul, no run on off stump, left alone;
1.3;1w;Tait to Chanderpaul, 1 wide a full-bunger down the leg side rightly called a wide;
1.2;?;Tait to Chanderpaul, no run good line this from Tait, rising up on Chanderpaul's off stump and he goes back and across to defend off the back foot;
1.1;?;Tait to Chanderpaul, no run clipped off his legs but Hussey fields at midwicket like a Jack Russell, scampering to his left;
1.1;1w;Tait to Chanderpaul, 1 wide and, as with Bracken, Tait's first ball is flung down the leg side;
0.6;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run well, I think Bracken can count himself lucky that wasn't called a wide. Left alone outside off;
0.5;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run left alone outside off - a little too wide of the off stump to trouble Gayle;
0.4;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run tighter line, but again there is prodigious outswing for Bracken. Gayle is wise to it now, and shoulders arms;
0.3;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run oh well bowled, that's a boomeranging outswinger from Bracken. Immense lift, off a good length, too;
0.2;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run ooh, there we go, angling into Gayle before it swings away from him. Gayle came forward, quite tentatively, but his firm forward defence was soundly beaten;
0.1;?;Bracken to Gayle, no run and a poor start from Bracken, firing this down the leg side. West Indies are off the mark;
0.1;1w;Bracken to Gayle, 1 wide better, but too wide of the off stump to trouble the left hander who watches it swing past him;

Bracken to open the bowling around the wicket, and he seems to have a very effeminate hair band on.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
25th Match, Super Eights, North Sound, Mar 27 - 28 2007, ICC World Cup
322/6
219
Player of the match is Matthew Hayden, AUS
Australia won by 103 runs
