Data
NOMO: "@Jez, Babar played his role. The issue is that Hafeez played same role. Should have tried to push Asif, Fahim when Fakhar got out and only send Hafeez/Sarfraz/Talat when Babar falls."
Ravindra Bisht: "Australia will chase it in 18 over by loosing 2-3 wicket"
Sohaib Roomy: "@Jez. Take it positively. It's Babar's knock due to which Pakistan reached 155. Other wise you would have below 100."
Ali Murtaza: "Babar Azam: 68/0 off 55 balls (SR: 123.6) ---- Others: 82/8 off 65 balls (SR: 126.1)"
Asim: "@ABAE I think both Asif and Hussain are brimful with talent ......have a heart Rome was not built in a day"
Jez: "Batting the full 20 overs for 68 is not how to win a T20 game! True, nobody else scored much, but they were all going for their shots, while the set batsman was minding his own business at the other end."
sajid ali: "Good match . And not easly chaseble target against pakistan bowling "
ABAE: "Asif Ali and Hussain Talat have not impressed in their outings. Other players should be considered, Shoaib Malik and Professor Hafeez won't be around forever, and we seem to have no decent players to fill their spots"
Taimur: "Good total by Pakistan. Lost their way in the middle by losing a cluster of wickets but redeemed themselves towards the end with an important cameo from Hassan Ali. "
9.45pm Pakistan were 105 for 1 at one stage before D'Arcy Short dismissed Mohammad Hafeez for 39. That gave the Australia bowlers an opening which they exploited to the fullest, reducing Pakistan to 133 for 8 in the 19th over. However, Hasan Ali's late fireworks took them to 155, while Babar Azam remained unbeaten with 68 off 55. Eventually, Pakistan has a fighting total on the board. But would that be enough? Don't go far away, we will be back with the chase soon.
19.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, 1 run another yorker, Hasan works it towards long-off but the fielder charges in to prevent the second run;
19.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run wide yorker, Babar squeezes it towards point for a single;
19.4;1b;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, 1 bye slower bouncer, Hasan has a wild swing but misses, the wicketkeeper fumbles which allows the batsmen to cross for a bye;
19.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, FOUR runs a full toss this time and looks like that has been dropped by McDermott at the long-on fence. Was not an easy one, he was running to his left, keeping an eye on the fence, the ball brushes his hands, lands just inside and goes over;
19.2;6;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, SIX runs bang! Length ball, Hasan backs away and slaps it over long-on for a six;
19.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Hasan Ali, FOUR runs fuller, in the blockhole. Hasan backs away and jams his bat at it as the ball goes between the wicketkeeper and the short fine leg for four;
18.6;2;Tye to Babar Azam, 2 runs length ball, around middle and leg, worked away towards deep midwicket for a couple which leaves Hasan Ali on the strike for the last over;
18.5;1;Tye to Hasan Ali, 1 run slower length ball, on the one stumps, Hasan ends up chipping it towards long-on, well short of the fielder;
18.4;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball, Babar was looking to work it on the leg side, gets a leading edge towards sweeper cover, Hasan Ali was looking to come back for a second, a loud no from Babar sends him back;
18.3;1;Tye to Hasan Ali, 1 run slower one outside off, Hasan drops it towards cover-point and sprints across for a single;
18.2;?;Tye to Hasan Ali, no run length ball, angling into the right-hander, Hasan looks to glance it fine, the ball brushes the pad on its way to the keeper. An appeal from Carey for the caught-behind but no one else seems interested. However, Australia are reviewing this and replays confirm there was no bat involved;
18.1;W;Tye to Imad Wasim, OUT and fetches a first-ball duck. It was floated outside off, Imad looked to hit it over extra cover but couldn't clear Finch. Eight down Pakistan now;Imad Wasim c Finch b Tye 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.6;2;Short to Asif Ali, 2 runs short of length outside off, cuts it past point for a couple;
13.5;W;Short to Hafeez, OUT dragged short, Hafeez goes for the pull but ends up mistiming it towards long-on, a bit of top edge too and McDermott takes a comfortable catch;Mohammad Hafeez c McDermott b Short 39 (30b 2x4 2x6) SR: 130;
13.4;?;Short to Hafeez, no run flighted one, just outside leg, Hafeez went for the sweep but missed;
13.3;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run a tad fuller just outside off, pushed towards backward point for a quick single;
13.2;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run this one kept a little low, length ball around leg stump, worked away behind square;
13.1;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run length ball, around middle and leg, worked away towards midwicket for an easy single;
12.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run fuller on stumps, driven inside out towards long-off;
12.5;?;Zampa to Babar Azam, no run down the track, Babar this time, but hits it straight back towards the bowler;
12.4;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run short of length, flatter this time, pulled towards deep midwicket;
12.3;6;Zampa to Hafeez, SIX runs down the track, converts the tossed-up delivery into a full toss and launches it over long-off for a maximum;
12.2;?;Zampa to Hafeez, no run tossed up around off, Hafeez looks to slog sweep it, gets an inside edge onto his boot;
12.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run starts with a short one, pulled away towards midwicket;
17.6;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run length outside off, looks to run it down towards the third man, misses;
17.5;W;Stanlake to Shadab, OUT short of length and Shadab goes for a pull, but ends up skying it towards fine leg where McDermott settles under it take his second catch of the innings;Shadab Khan c McDermott b Stanlake 1 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
17.4;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run length outside off, steered away once again towards the third man;
17.3;1;Stanlake to Shadab, 1 run and gets off the mark. It was a length ball and slashed towards point for a single;
17.2;W;Stanlake to Sarfaraz, OUT lbw but reviewed straightaway by Sarfraz. It was a length ball, Sarfraz moved across to work it on the leg side, misses and gets hit just over the knee-roll. There is no bat involved and it's just clipping the leg-stump bail. The original call stays as is it as Pakistan lose their sixth wicket;Sarfaraz Ahmed lbw b Stanlake 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.1;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run short of length and pulled away nicely towards square leg, McDermott slides to his left to keep it to one;
16.6;?;Tye to Sarfaraz, no run almost gets it. It was in the blockhole, just outside off, Sarfraz jams his bat at it and it rolls towards the keeper;
16.5;W;Tye to Faheem, OUT and gone! Two in two for Tye. Sharp catch by Maxwell at extra cover. It was a length ball and Faheem ended up hitting it in the air, straight to Maxwell;Faheem Ashraf c Maxwell b Tye 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
16.4;W;Tye to Talat, OUT down the track this time and looks to go over long-on. It was a slower ball which meant Hussain didn't get the required distance and Finch leapt at the long-on to take a good catch;Hussain Talat c Finch b Tye 9 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
16.3;2;Tye to Talat, 2 runs short of length, Hussain once again moves across and works it towards midwicket this time, runs the first one hard and makes the second one safely;
16.2;2;Tye to Talat, 2 runs slower one outside off, pushed to the left of the long-off fielder for a couple;
16.1;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run bouncer from Tye as well, pulled away towards deep backward square leg;
15.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run slower one, Babar was looking to make some room and hit it on the off side, but ends up hitting it towards long-on;
15.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, no run slightly fuller this time, outside off, hit straight to the point fielder;
15.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 2 runs another short one, Babar goes for a pull, gets a top edge towards the right of the third man fielder, Stanlake there runs towards his right to pull it just inside the fence;
15.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Talat, 1 run short of length outside off, good bounce there for Coulter-Nile. Hussain cuts it towards third man;
15.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run short of length and Babar cheekily opens the face of the bat to run it towards third man;
15.1;6;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, SIX runs length ball and Babar clears his front leg and smashes it over midwicket for an 85-meter six;
14.6;4;Zampa to Talat, FOUR runs tossed up around off, a lot of bottom hand there from Hussain to work it to the left of the long-on. The fielder puts in the slide but a misfield there results in a boundary;
14.5;?;Zampa to Talat, no run googly to start with, defended on the off side;
14.4;W;Zampa to Asif Ali, OUT plumb. Length ball, pitched around middle, Asif went back to work it on the leg side, misses and gets rapped on the pads right in front of the stumps;Asif Ali lbw b Zampa 2 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
14.3;?;Zampa to Asif Ali, no run fuller on stumps, driven back towards the bowler;
14.2;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run worked towards short fine leg for a quick single;
14.1;2;Zampa to Babar Azam, 2 runs length ball, worked gently towards midwicket for a couple and brings up his fifty;
11.6;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run fuller on the pads, clipped away for a single;
11.5;4;Short to Babar Azam, FOUR runs gives himself some room and smashes it down the ground for four;
11.4;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run dropped, it was a length ball, Hafeez went back to cut it, got an outside edge but Carey failed to latch on to it;
11.3;1;Short to Babar Azam, 1 run fuller on middle and leg, worked away towards square leg;
11.2;?;Short to Babar Azam, no run length around off, pushed towards extra cover;
11.1;1;Short to Hafeez, 1 run short of length, angled across. Hafeez goes for the pull and almost ends up dragging it back;
10.6;4;Tye to Babar Azam, FOUR runs length ball, just outside off, Babar waits for it before dabbing it just past the wicketkeeper, beats the diving short third man as the ball races towards the fence;
10.5;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run short of length outside off and pulled away towards square leg, only a single though;
10.4;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run slower one again, comes down the track and drags it towards long-on;
10.3;?;Tye to Babar Azam, no run bouncer this time, Babar looks to cut it over the wicketkeeper, misses;
10.2;1;Tye to Hafeez, 1 run slower one, just outside off, steered towards third man;
10.1;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run fuller around middle and leg, flicked towards square leg for a single;
9.6;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run short and speared outside off, chopped to backward point, where Finch, I think, fumbles and gives up a single;
9.5;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run short legbreak outside off, thrashed away to sweeper cover off the back foot;
9.4;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run tossed on middle, eased down to long-on;
9.3;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run Hafeez uses his feet, Zampa drags his length back and forces the batsman to check his drive and hit it to long-off;
9.2;4;Zampa to Hafeez, FOUR runs short and outside off, leans back and nails a cut behind point. Exquisite timing;
9.1;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run short and outside off, Babar uses his feet and punches to long-off;
8.6;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run clipped off the pads to deep midwicket;
8.5;1;Agar to Hafeez, 1 run short and breaks away outside off, a back-foot punch to cover ensues;
8.4;2;Agar to Hafeez, 2 runs darted on the pads, this quicker one is whipped to deep midwicket. Coulter-Nile runs in, slips, and fumbles;
8.3;6;Agar to Hafeez, SIX runs tossed up just a shade outside off, Hafeez dares to step down the track. He does not get close to the pitch but still mows a six over long-on;
8.2;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter on middle and leg, another non-turner, this is punched to long-on;
8.1;1;Agar to Hafeez, 1 run back of a length and outside off, forced through the covers;
7.6;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run full-toss outside off, driven with an open face to sweeper cover;
7.5;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run dragged down on middle, pulled away to wide long-on's right;
7.4;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run full-toss on middle, driven past midwicket;
7.3;2;Zampa to Hafeez, 2 runs looped up on middle, down the track and driven smoothly past a diving short cover fielder;
7.2;1;Zampa to Babar Azam, 1 run full and floated on leg or just outside, dinked to short fine leg;
7.1;1;Zampa to Hafeez, 1 run short and on middle, pulled away to long leg off the back foot;
6.6;1;Stanlake to Hafeez, 1 run back of a length and outside off, nicely punched away to deep backward point;
6.5;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run shorter and outside off, Hafeez jabs with an open face to point;
6.4;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run Billy Stanlake hits the Professor on the helmet. Short, keeps rising, Hafeez leaps, looks away and cops a blow on the back of the helmet;
6.3;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run full and straight, driven away between midwicket and mid-on;
6.2;1lb;Stanlake to Hafeez, 1 leg bye short and skidding in to graze the thigh and roll to the leg side;
6.1;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run short on off, opens the face and secures a single down to third man;
5.6;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run full and sliding in, the batsman uses his feet and tickles it to the covers;
5.5;?;Agar to Babar Azam, no run arrowed in to hit the pad, but going down the leg side;
5.4;1;Agar to Hafeez, 1 run short and dared on the pads, turned behind square on the leg side;
5.3;?;Agar to Hafeez, no run tossed on middle, down the track and slogged off the inside half to midwicket;
5.2;1;Agar to Babar Azam, 1 run sliding into the pads, tickled away wide of short fine leg for one;
5.1;4;Agar to Babar Azam, FOUR runs dropped short and wide outside off, Babar reads the length early. He goes deep in the crease and cracks it off the back foot to the right of cover;
4.6;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run full nip-backer, catches Hafeez in the crease and pins the pad, but this is slipping down leg;
4.5;4;Stanlake to Hafeez, FOUR runs slightly overpitched and outside off, Hafeez leans into a drive and caresses it straight of mid-off. So easy on the eye...;
4.4;?;Stanlake to Hafeez, no run short and ducks back in sharply, has Hafeez hopping and fending an inside edge to the leg side;
4.3;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run Babar rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and helps it down to deep third man for a single;
4.3;1w;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 wide full and floated down leg, wide;
4.2;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run just short of a good length on off, punched up to mid-on off the back foot;
4.1;W;Stanlake to Zaman, OUT Big Billy has bounced out Fakhar. The plan has worked. Banged in short and angling away outside off at 148.4ks - pace like fire - the opener is hurried into a hook against the angle. He skies it to short cover off a top edge;Fakhar Zaman c Coulter-Nile b Stanlake 14 (12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
3.6;3;Tye to Zaman, 3 runs Fakhar races down the track, back of a length on middle, he hacks it up and over the covers;
3.5;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run on a length and outside off, run down to third man;
3.4;1;Tye to Zaman, 1 run short at the chest, spliced in the air but evades Lynn running back and across to his right from short fine leg;
3.3;?;Tye to Zaman, no run slower cutter on middle, hangs back and glides to point. Can't take on Maxwell's arm;
3.2;1;Tye to Babar Azam, 1 run shorter on off, guided behind point off the back foot for one;
3.1;?;Tye to Babar Azam, no run starts with a slower ball on off, defended into the covers;
2.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run short at the body, hangs back and clips a single to the square-leg region;
2.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 1 run back of a length and on middle, tip and run to the covers;
2.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, FOUR runs can't pitch it up and offer room to Fakhar. He frees his arms, checks his drive and hits it straight of mid-off. He picked the offcutter and adjusted to the change of pace;
2.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length and on a fourth-stump line, angled down to deep third man for one;
2.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, FOUR runs dug in short on middle, sits up again, Babar latches onto it and middles a pull over midwicket. Lovely timing;
2.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, no run on a length and on off, patted to the covers;
1.6;4;Stanlake to Zaman, FOUR runs short and angling away outside off, Fakhar aims to pull it over midwicket. Instead, he loses his shape and top-edges it to the left of the keeper and right of slip. The ball races away to the third man fence. Replays suggest Carey dived but the ball burst through his gloves That'll go down as a dropped chance;
1.5;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run strays on the pads again, this inswinger is neatly picked off to fine leg;
1.4;4;Stanlake to Babar Azam, FOUR runs half-volley on the pads, a whirl of the wrists sends the ball away to the midwicket boundary - first of the night;
1.3;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run full-toss on middle, bunted to mid-on;
1.2;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run pitched up and outside off, Babar tips forward and scoops it to mid-off;
1.1;1lb;Stanlake to Zaman, 1 leg bye the plan to Fakhar is clear: deny him room and target the body. Short and pings him on the midriff again as Fakhar swings and misses;
0.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, no run hip-high short ball outside off, sits up, but Babar simply flaps a pull to mid-on's right;
0.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 1 run back of a length and veering into the pads, clips a single between midwicket and mid-on;
0.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, no run keeps it short to Fakhar, he is a touch late onto the pull as the ball rolls to the covers after hitting him on the midriff;
0.3;3;Coulter-Nile to Babar Azam, 3 runs su-weeeet from Babar, but the ball plugs in the outfield. Back of a length and outside off, hits on the up and hits through the line. The ball skips away to the right of the covers;
0.2;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, 1 leg bye short on the thigh pad, Fakhar falls over the flick and sneaks across for a leg bye;
0.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Zaman, no run he hits a hard length - neither driveable nor pullable - stabbed back to the bowler;

8.10pm We're finally back. Coulter-Nile has the new ball and runs in to bowl to Fakhar
8.02pm Alright, the lights are slowly making their way back in Abu Dhabi
8pm The national anthems are over. Australia's players get into a huddle. Oops, the floodlights have gone kaput. Turn all the lights on, please. A delay in the start of play
Jalil: "I am surprised why Sahibzada Farhan is not in playing XI he was excellent in his domestic games, moreover he is an opener too."
7.50pm Aaron Finch said he backed his bowlers to keep Pakistan to a score the batsmen were comfortable chasing. Australia have gone with the same line-up that beat the UAE in Monday, which means there is no place for vice-captain Mitchell Marsh in the starting XI, while Mitchell Starc, isn't fit enough to start.
7.40pm Thanks, Hemant. Imad Wasim is playing his first international game this year after overcoming his fitness and attitude issues.
Chooha: "Looking at the team lineups.. for a moment I thought Shahid afridi is back!" --- You never know. He did make a comeback at the Afghanistan Premier League. He could un-retire from internationals tomorrow. The only man with more retirements and un-retirements than WWE's Undertaker
Here are the playing XIs:
Pakistan: Fakhar Zaman, Babar Azam, Hussain Talat, Sarfraz Ahmed (capt, wk), Mohammad Hafeez, Asif Ali, Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Shaheen Afridi
Australia: Aaron Finch (capt), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Ben McDermott, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake
Nitish: "Cant wait to see Ben McDermott in action. He showed flashes of his brilliance in the JLT One Day Cup"
7.30pm Australia have won the toss and they are bowling first. They are unchanged from their previous T20I, against UAE.
Emad: "Any news about MALIK playing today or not?" -- He won't be playing today.
Ahmed Jamal: "Pakistan will have to be confident and play easily, make sure to communicate properly and not be worried of Malik not playing, a whole team cant depend on one person it should be a team effort"
Ahmed: "The match was suppose to start @ 07:00 pm and right now it is 07:22 pm. What is the reason for the delay?" -- The toss is at 7.30pm, Ahmed.
Ali : "Looking forward to a Exciting game of cricket !!"
Arif: "Well I think it's going be Arron finch b/w Pakistan to win this series "
imran: "I think Pakistan will walk over Aussies like they did in tests, Australia might have a better chance but equally Pakistan has a better team for the task."
Usman Mureed : "It doesn't seem so, as AUS wont have time here to understand spinning attack , adding to it IMAD is back also so hoping a good contest here #fingerscrossedfor Pakistan "
7.10pm Hello and welcome to our ball-by-ball coverage of the first of three-T20I series between Pakistan and Australia. Pakistan are currently the No. 1-ranked side in the format, but Australia will have a better chance of beating them here than they had in the Test series. The change in format also means Glenn Maxwell, Chris Lynn and Travis Head are back for Australia, while Imad Wasim returns for Pakistan. Also, Shoaib Malik will miss out on today's game.
I am Hemant Brar and I will be bringing you all the action along with my colleague Deivarayan Muthu. As we wait for the toss, get yourself up-to-date by reading Danyal Rasool's preview.
 Innings Start
That's all from our side for this game. We will see you soon. Have a good night.
Sarfraz Ahmed: Our bowling attack is good, so we try to put some runs on the board and back ourselves to defend. We have some batsman who can hit big, that's why I promoted some of the guys up the batting order. But Babar Azam and Hafeez batted beautifully. We always try to take wickets when we have the ball in our hands.
Aaron Finch: It's pretty embarrassing, to be fair. I think we were a little bit one-dimensional while batting, but that's a learning experience. I think we bowled really well. I was very happy with the way we bowl. They have got a lot of variety in their bowling.
Imad Wasim: I think it is a result of my hard work. A comeback was never easy. I focused on the basics at the start, tried to bowl wicket-to-wicket and I got lucky today. I try to think every game as a last game. I would try to carry this forward.
11.25pm Time for the presentation ceremony. Imad Wasim is the Man-of-the-Match.
Ghulam Mustafa: "So Pak stand at No.1 in T20I. Outplayed Ausis"
Gaurav Madan: "Clearly Australia don't fancy Pakistan. 5 off their 7 lowest totals have come against them."
Arman: "Pakistan did win thanks to their potent bowling , but they have serious questions to answer regarding their middle/lower batting order."
Runnaway: "So 139 for 17 wickets.... Also what's the most bowled in a t20 innings (we have 6 tonight)!! " -- That's the joint-most.
Yahya: "Thrashed.... Pak looks like to b 15 runs short but proved again that they are the best bowling unit for a reason "
11.10pm It was not a big target to chase, but Imad Wasim rocked Australia's innings by removing both openers in the first over of the innings. Faheem Ashraf too got into the act as Australia lost six wickets within the Powerplay. After that, it was just a matter of time. Nathan Coulter-Nile showed some resistance down the order but that only ensured Australia didn't get bowled out for their lowest T20I total.
16.5;W;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, OUT googly eventually does the trick. Coulter-Nile cleared his front leg and looked to smashed it hard over long-on, so hard that the bat comes off his hands, he ends up missing the ball and the sound of timber seals the game for Pakistan;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Shadab Khan 34 (29b 6x4 0x6) SR: 117.24;
16.4;1;Shadab to Stanlake, 1 run fuller outside off, hits it towards extra cover;
16.3;?;Shadab to Stanlake, no run another wrong'un, pushes at it and gets beaten again;
16.2;?;Shadab to Stanlake, no run googly, Stanlake has no idea as it goes past him and beats him outside off;
16.1;?;Shadab to Stanlake, no run tossed up on stumps, defended towards extra cover;
15.6;4;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs short of length outside off, Coulter-Nile goes back and gives himself a little bit of room to smash it past deep backward point for four;
15.5;1;Hasan Ali to Stanlake, 1 run length ball, around middle and off, looks to go over mid-on but ends up mistiming it towards mid-off;
15.4;?;Hasan Ali to Stanlake, no run short of length outside off, looks to pull it away but ends up toe-edging it towards extra cover;
15.3;?;Hasan Ali to Stanlake, no run fuller on stumps, Stanlake punches it back towards the bowler, who stops it in his run-up;
15.2;1;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, 1 run slower one, once again fails to middle it and ends up dragging it towards midwicket;
15.1;4;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs back of length outside off, sliced over extra cover for four. Not from the middle of the bat, I must say;
14.6;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, OUT length ball, angling in from around the wicket, the batsman fails to get his bat on it and the middle stumps is lying flat on the ground. Pakistan one wicket away;Andrew Tye b Shaheen Shah Afridi 6 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
14.5;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, FOUR runs length ball, outside off from around the wicket, slapped towards mid-off who dives over the ball and lets it go through for a boundary, Faheem Ashraf the fielder;
14.4;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Tye, 2 runs fuller around middle and leg, worked away towards deep midwicket for a couple;
14.3;W;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Zampa, OUT slower one, Zampa looks to go aerial, gets more height than distance but Hasan Ali almost made a mess of it there. Misjudged it completely at long-on as he came in charging, had to undo his steps in the ends and pedal back, eventually he takes it overhead, tumbling backwards;Adam Zampa c Hasan Ali b Shaheen Shah Afridi 3 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
14.2;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Zampa, no run short of length, angled towards the batsman who looks to hoick it away, misses;
14.1;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Zampa, no run length ball around off, defended awkwardly towards point;
13.6;4;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs googly this time, Couler-Nile goes back and pulls it wide of the long-on fielder for back to back fours;
13.5;4;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs flatter and quicker outside off, Coulter-Nile cuts it past short third man for four. Sarfraz is not happy with his bowler there;
13.4;1;Shadab to Zampa, 1 run short of length outside off, punched towards point for a quick single;
13.3;?;Shadab to Zampa, no run fuller on the stumps and driven back towards the bowler;
13.2;1lb;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, 1 leg bye length ball, on the pads, Coulter-Nile was looking to work it fine, misses but gets a leg-bye;
13.1;1;Shadab to Zampa, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven uppishly towards extra cover;
12.6;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run a sharp bouncer just outside off, catches the batsman by surprise who luckily stays away from the line of the ball;
12.5;1;Hasan Ali to Zampa, 1 run length ball, around middle and leg, tucked away behind square for one;
12.4;W;Hasan Ali to Agar, OUT Hasan gets his man! Another off-cutter, pitching around off stump. Agar was looking to force it away, gets an outside edge and Sarfraz does the rest;Ashton Agar c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Hasan Ali 19 (23b 2x4 0x6) SR: 82.6;
12.3;?;Hasan Ali to Agar, no run slower one, length ball around off and leaving the batsman who gets beaten by the lack of pace and ends up pushing at it;
12.2;4;Hasan Ali to Agar, FOUR runs short of length and pulled away. Looked like it hit the skirting on the full, but signalled four by the umpire. Yeah, landed just inside;
12.1;?;Hasan Ali to Agar, no run and strikes straightaway. It was short of length, Agar backs away and looks to force it on the leg side, misses and a big appeal for caught-behind. Given but Agar reviews it. Replays confirm there was no bat involved and the ball clipped the back thigh;
11.6;1;Shadab to Agar, 1 run short of length outside off, goes back and forces it to long-off;
11.5;1;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, 1 run a googly this time, backs away and cuts it towards sweeper cover;
11.4;1;Shadab to Agar, 1 run length ball, worked towards long-off for a single;
11.3;?;Shadab to Agar, no run pitched up on the stumps, hits it back towards the bowler who stops it partially, short midwicket tidies it up;
11.2;?;Shadab to Agar, no run fuller again, worked to short midwicket;
11.1;?;Shadab to Agar, no run fuller on driven to extra cover;
10.6;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Agar, 1 run worked behind square leg and another confusion there, Coulter-Nile slips at the non-striker's end but recovers to get back in;
10.5;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Agar, no run back of length around middle and leg, dabbed towards short midwicket and Coulter-Nile was off the blocks too early, a direct hit there and he would have been out;
10.4;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Agar, FOUR runs a little fuller outside off and driven past mid-off for the third four of the over;
10.3;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 1 run length ball this time and the batsman looks to smash it back past the bowler, doesn't get the timing right this time. Long-off cuts it off;
10.2;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs slower one this time and Coulter-Nile transfers the weight on the back foot and hits it over covers this time;
10.1;4;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, FOUR runs a low full toss outside off and Coulter-Nile smashes it past extra cover for four;
9.6;?;Shadab to Agar, no run this is the conventional legbreak, turns in at leg, played back to him;
9.5;?;Shadab to Agar, no run another googly, breaks away to beat the outside edge as Agar plays inside the line for the legbreak;
9.4;1;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, 1 run dragged down outside off, jumps back in the crease and cuts it strongly to sweeper cover;
9.3;?;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, no run googly, breaks back in, bounces to lob off the thigh pad to the keeper;
9.2;?;Shadab to Coulter-Nile, no run shortish and spins away outside off, leans back and chops the ball to point;
9.1;1;Shadab to Agar, 1 run floated up on middle, driven down to long-off;
8.6;?;Imad Wasim to Coulter-Nile, no run full and just a shade outside off, forward and defended back to the bowler;
8.5;2;Imad Wasim to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs low full-toss, dips on off stump, paddled away to fine leg;
8.4;1;Imad Wasim to Agar, 1 run very full and outside off, tapped through the line to cover;
8.3;1;Imad Wasim to Coulter-Nile, 1 run Coulter-Nile jumps across off and sweeps from the stumps to fine leg;
8.2;1;Imad Wasim to Agar, 1 run tossed on off, nudged through point off the front foot;
8.1;?;Imad Wasim to Agar, no run full and outside off, gets forward and pushes to covers;
7.6;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Agar, 1 leg bye inswinging yorker, raps the pad or toe, but the umpire reckons this is going down leg;
7.5;1lb;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 1 leg bye full and fired onto the pads, deflected through square leg;
7.4;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, no run slower ball outside off, a biiiig swing and a miss from Coulter-Nile;
7.3;?;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, no run full on middle, defended back to Afridi;
7.2;2;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Coulter-Nile, 2 runs short and outside off, drags a pull to deep midwicket;
7.1;1;Shaheen Shah Afridi to Agar, 1 run short and outside off, chopped onto the ground, the ball bounces over Azam at slip;
6.6;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run inswinging yorker at nearly 140ks, somehow the batsman jams it out;
6.5;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run short of a length and outside off, goes back and punches to short cover;
6.4;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run full and holds its line outside off, Coulter-Nile plays inside the line and gets beaten on the outside edge;
6.3;?;Hasan Ali to Coulter-Nile, no run short and zips back in to graze the pad and roll to slip;
6.2;1;Hasan Ali to Agar, 1 run good length and angling away outside off, an outside edge streaks down to third man;
6.1;?;Hasan Ali to Agar, no run back of a length and angling away outside off, patted away to Hasan's left;
5.6;3;Faheem to Agar, 3 runs full on middle, Agar presses forward and sensibly drives it past the bowler;
5.5;1;Faheem to Coulter-Nile, 1 run back of a length and angling into the hips, clipped away to fine leg;
5.4;?;Faheem to Coulter-Nile, no run wide of the crease, nipping in, the batsman falls over the flick but this is heading down leg;
5.3;?;Faheem to Coulter-Nile, no run length and outside off, punched up to mid-off;
5.2;W;Faheem to Lynn, OUT Ashraf rattles the off stump and Abu Dhabi raises itself to a big roar. Full and angling in at off, Lynn plays for the angle but the ball straightens away late to knock back the off stump;Chris Lynn b Faheem Ashraf 14 (15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
5.1;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run back of a length and seams back in, inside-edged onto the pad. The ball rolls to cover;
4.6;W;Imad Wasim to Carey, OUT Australia's procession continues. Fuller than a good length and angling away outside off from around the wicket, Carey is pinned to the crease as feathers it behind. Time for the Cristiano Ronaldo celebration again;Alex Carey c ?Sarfaraz Ahmed b Imad Wasim 1 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
4.5;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run darted on middle, Lynn squeezes a single to mid-off;
4.4;4;Imad Wasim to Lynn, FOUR runs faster and shorter outside off, Lynn sizes it up and forces the ball to the right of covers;
4.3;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run slower through the air, full, drifts in at off, finds the inside edge and wanders away to the square-leg region;
4.2;1;Imad Wasim to Carey, 1 run full and pushed across off, Carey tips it to the right of mid-off for a single;
4.1;?;Imad Wasim to Carey, no run flat and angling across off, Carey blocks off the back foot;
3.6;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run back of a length and attacking the stumps, patted to midwicket off the back foot;
3.5;W;Faheem to McDermott, OUT just short of a good length and outside off, punched up to mid-off. Fakhar swoops down on the ball and under-arms it onto the stumps at the non-striker's end. McDermott chanced the single, dived full length, but is short when the bail is off the groove. Make it four down inside four overs. The TV umpires takes his time before ruling the batsman out. McDermott throws his head back in despair;Ben McDermott run out (Fakhar Zaman) 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.4;?;Faheem to McDermott, no run back of a length and holds its line outside off, punched up to cover;
3.3;W;Faheem to Maxwell, OUT What have you done, Maxwell? No show from the Big Show. He jumps away outside leg, exposes all his stumps. Faheem angles a full ball in and pegs back the middle stump as the batsman does not lay bat onto it. Australia three down inside four overs;Glenn Maxwell b Faheem Ashraf 2 (7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
3.2;?;Faheem to Maxwell, no run back of a length and seams back in, Maxwell aims square leg but has to settle with a thick inside edge onto the pad;
3.1;1b;Faheem to Lynn, 1 bye good length and nips back in sharply from outside off, storms through the gate. How did that miss off stump?;
2.6;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run full and just a shade outside off, forward and driven to cover, where there's a little fumble;
2.5;2;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 2 runs full and straight, tucked into the vacant spaces at midwicket. Lynn and Maxwell hares across for the second;
2.4;?;Imad Wasim to Lynn, no run flat and drifts in on middle, bunted back to Imad;
2.3;1;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, 1 run driven with the incoming angle to long-on for a jogged single;
2.2;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run arm ball, flat and skids back into a defensive push back to Imad;
2.1;?;Imad Wasim to Maxwell, no run tossed on middle, Maxwell presses forward and pushes to mid-off;
1.6;4;Faheem to Lynn, FOUR runs on a length and outside off, Lynn clatters it through the covers. Driven on the up for four;
1.5;1;Faheem to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Maxwell gets off the mark with a tap to mid-on's right;
1.4;?;Faheem to Maxwell, no run on a length and outside off, patted to mid-on;
1.3;1;Faheem to Lynn, 1 run short of a length and angling into the hips, Lynn stands tall and works a single to square leg;
1.2;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run pitched up and outside off, Lynn lets his hands flow through the line but can't get it past cover;
1.1;?;Faheem to Lynn, no run Nice and full on off stump, played back down the pitch;
0.6;W;Imad Wasim to Short, OUT Another wicket for Imad. Another CR7 celebration. Pushed through outside off and angling away from around the wicket, catches Short in the crease. He looks to force it away but loses his shape this time and drags it back onto the stumps via a thick inside edge. What a return for Imad;D'Arcy Short b Imad Wasim 4 (2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.5;4;Imad Wasim to Short, FOUR runs short and holds its line outside off, Short maintains his shape and crunnnnnches it through the gap at the covers;
0.4;1;Imad Wasim to Lynn, 1 run speared on the pads, and this is glanced away behind square on the leg side;
0.3;W;Imad Wasim to Finch, OUT Finch steps away outside leg again, Imad hits the stumps and marks his return to international cricket. The length was short enough for the cut, but the ball drifts back in and finishes on middle. Can't chop it away from there. Finch does not touch it and Imad brings out his CR7 celebration. Welcome back, Imad;Aaron Finch b Imad Wasim 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run Finch makes room again, Imad chases him with the indrifter and catches the pad;
0.1;?;Imad Wasim to Finch, no run darted on middle and leg, Finch backs away and belts it back to Imad;

9.55pm Welcome back for the chase. Captain Finch will open alongside Short. Imad Wasim will open the attack for Pakistan. Left-arm around
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
1st T20I (N), Abu Dhabi, Oct 24 2018, Pakistan v Australia
155/8
89
Player of the match is Imad Wasim, PAK
Pakistan won by 66 runs
