Data
4.50pm Australia huffed and puffed to 288, just 103 off the last 15 overs and losing five wickets in that period. After Warner's sixth ODI ton, his first outside Australia, it looked like a score of 310 was on but they lost wickets and played out too many dots, losing plenty of momentum in the process. May seem weird but SA will be happy with this score. Chase in a bit.
49.6;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs smeared to deep midwicket for a couple. Parnell fumbles the throw from Behardien, could have prevented the extra run;
49.5;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs superb batting again. Gives himself room and lofts the ball over cover, and he gets four. Picking his spots really well. Fifty for Smith, a tad slow but has got the runs;
49.4;2;Parnell to Smith, 2 runs shortish on off, pulled in front of deep square leg for a couple. Decent shot but lacking any timing;
49.3;1;Parnell to Faulkner, 1 run fullish on off, just pushed to point to get one. Faulkner wanted to give strike to Smith I presume;
49.2;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run overpitched on off, jammed out to cover;
49.1;4;Parnell to Smith, FOUR runs flat-batted to the long-off boundary. Back of a length on off, Smith probably premeditated a shot to that area, considering mid-off was up;
48.6;W;Rabada to Wade, OUT full and straight, given! Yorker on off, Wade sets up for another scoop and misses it. The ball strikes Wade well outside off though, Umpire Joel Wilson gives him out. Shocking decision, struck him well outside the line;Matthew Wade lbw b Rabada 24 (19m 14b 3x4 0x6) SR: 171.42;
48.5;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run superb yorker. On middle. Smith backs away and carves a ball to backward point. Right idea, just missed out on four;
48.4;1;Rabada to Wade, 1 run smashed but straight to Behardien at mid-off. A direct hit would have had Wade;
48.3;4;Rabada to Wade, FOUR runs goes again and he'll get four again. Slightly leg side-ish and Wade gets low and ramps the scoop over the keeper.;
48.2;2;Rabada to Wade, 2 runs full toss on middle, takes Wade by surprise who smears to square leg, losing his bat in the process. Almost went on to hit the stumps. Hmm. Two though;
48.1;4;Rabada to Wade, FOUR runs lovely shot. Gets down low and ramps the ball past fine leg. Executed. Used the pace. Landed just inside again;
43.6;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run sees Marsh coming so Phangiso shortens the length outside off, thrashed to deep cover;
43.5;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run driven to cover again, another dot ball;
43.4;?;Phangiso to Marsh, no run slowish on middle and leg, kept out;
43.3;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run push and run to AB at cover, who is very quick on it and releases even quicker. De kock takes the bails off but Marsh is back;
43.2;4;Phangiso to Smith, FOUR runs lovely shot. Slightly short, not very. But Smith picks up the length quickly, picks the gap and then pulls to the midwicket boundary. Landed just inside;
43.1;1;Phangiso to Marsh, 1 run driven, from outside off, to deep cover;
42.6;?;Tahir to Smith, no run flat outside off, patted to point. Superb bowling;
42.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run another googly outside off, very similar to the Bailey wicket. But slightly outside the line I guess;
42.4;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run shortish and wide, flat. Cut to deep point;
42.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run flat on off, defended;
42.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run another googly to start outside off, kept out;
42.1;W;Tahir to Bailey, OUT given! Bailey is gone. Wrong un' from Tahir on middle, strikes Bailey in front. Bailey reviews. That looks pretty adjacent. It has spun a little into Bailey and he did have a significant stride. his only hope is height I guess. No bat. Umpire's call, just clipping leg stump so Bailey has to go.;George Bailey lbw b Imran Tahir 11 (12m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 122.22;
47.6;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run smeared to deep square leg for just the run. A splendid effort from Abbott, nine off the last but a very good spell nonetheless;
47.5;2;Abbott to Wade, 2 runs wow, what an effort from du Plessis at long-off. Absolutely smashed, du Plessis got there and stopped it.;
47.4;4;Abbott to Wade, FOUR runs superb timing. Picked his spot and executed. Fullish outside off, Wade backs away and times a lofted cover drive. Easily over cover and four. good spot in the field;
47.3;1;Abbott to Smith, 1 run overpitched outside off, drilled to mid-off for just one. Australia going nowhere in these last few overs;
47.2;1;Abbott to Wade, 1 run shortish on off, smeared to midwicket. Just the one.;
47.1;?;Abbott to Wade, no run full and wide outside off, Wade went across to ramp over short fine leg but gets an inside edge back to the keeper;
46.6;1;Rabada to Wade, 1 run smeared to long-on for just one this time;
46.6;1w;Rabada to Wade, 1 wide good short one to end. But a wide called. Shortish outside off, Wade doesn't interfere. The ball is over head height;
46.5;2;Rabada to Wade, 2 runs fullish on middle and leg, clipped towards wide long-on. A fumble allows the second. Aus bring up 250;
46.4;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run short and wide, slapped to cover with terrible timing. Just the one, fantastic bowling. Taking pace off that short delivery;
46.3;1;Rabada to Wade, 1 run looking for a mow over midwicket but Wade inside-edges onto his pads and back up the pitch. A scampered run;
46.2;1;Rabada to Smith, 1 run low full toss on middle, pushed to long-on;
46.1;4;Rabada to Smith, FOUR runs smashed for four. Quite full, Smith sees the opportunity and swivel-flicks it to the square leg boundary. Played that nicely, on the bounce;
41.6;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run full and straight, Smith defends;
41.5;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run flat outside off, Bailey hurries back to nudge to square leg;
41.4;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run too much width again, laced to deep point for one;
41.3;4;Phangiso to Smith, FOUR runs outside edge and that will be four more. Short and wide, width. Smith under-edges to the third man boundary.;
41.2;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run clipped to backward square leg;
41.1;6;Phangiso to Bailey, SIX runs shot! Bailey runs to the pitch of the ball, gets there and puts the ball over long-on with a beautiful lofted drive. Once he got to the pitch, it was always going to be a safe shot;
40.6;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run another paddle sweep attempted. Off the toe-end towards short third man for one instead;
40.5;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run thrashed to deep cover;
40.4;?;Tahir to Smith, no run slow and wide outside off, pushed to point;
40.3;2;Tahir to Smith, 2 runs full toss on middle and leg, flicked past midwicket for a couple. Better footwork from SMith, getting close to the pitch;
40.2;1;Tahir to Bailey, 1 run paddle-swept to deep fine leg. Aus' 200 is up;
40.1;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run flat on off, Smith flicks easily to backward square leg for one. Much quicker there;
39.6;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run pushed to long-on;
39.5;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run more flight on middle and leg, defended;
39.4;1;Phangiso to Bailey, 1 run short and wide, scythed to deep point;
39.3;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run flat outside off. Bailey comes down but pads it back to the bowler;
39.2;?;Phangiso to Bailey, no run a bit of turn, well bowled. Flat outside off, extracts some purchase and pushed to point;
39.1;W;Phangiso to Khawaja, OUT taken this time! Amla takes it, and Khawaja has to go. Flat on off, Khawaja gets low to sweep and gets another top edge which goes up in the air and is taken at short fine leg. Beautiful bowling, not afraid to give the ball some air even to the left-hander. Australia losing their way;Usman Khawaja c Amla b Phangiso 59 (118m 71b 4x4 1x6) SR: 83.09;
38.6;?;Tahir to Smith, no run another dot. Short and wide, mistimed to cover;
38.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run beautiful bowling. Flight on off, Smith comes down and keeps it out;
38.4;?;Tahir to Smith, no run flat on off, Smith tries to clip to square leg but can't;
38.3;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run very flat on middle and leg, nurdled to deep square leg;
38.2;?;Tahir to Khawaja, no run flight outside off, slow. Khawaja lunges forward and leaves!;
38.1;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run googly on off, wristily flicked to long-on;
37.6;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run leg side-ish on the pads and worked to long-on;
37.5;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run steered to point;
37.4;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run more flight and loop on off, Smith defends towards cover. Wants one but doesn't get it;
37.3;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run another dot. Short and wide, Smith cuts but straight to point;
37.2;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run flat outside off, Khawaja turns the ball towards backward square leg for a run;
37.1;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run slowish outside off, Smith opens the bat face very late to guide to short third man. Well played;
36.6;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run Smith runs to the ball and drills a drive to long-on. Another good over. SA racking em up;
36.5;?;Tahir to Smith, no run Smith tries to sweep a full, straight delivery but misses it almost, just gets a thin edge which saved him;
36.4;?;Tahir to Smith, no run;
36.3;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run punched to long-off;
36.2;?;Tahir to Khawaja, no run AB drops a clanger. Yes, AB. It's de Villiers. AB. A tossed up googly outside off, Khawaja gets a top-edge which carries to square leg. AB gets around from midwicket, sets up under it, waits for the ball and then drops it. Maybe hit the hard part of his hand;
36.1;1;Tahir to Smith, 1 run a naughty full toss on middle and clipped to deep square leg. Smith should have put that away;
35.6;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run a touch too short outside off, Smith hurries back to punch to deep cover this time. Another tidy over.;
35.5;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run punched to cover off the back foot;
35.4;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run fantastic from AB this time. Tossed up on off, driven towards long-off but AB saves the run with a dive from cover;
35.3;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run dances down the track to drill to long-on for a run. Good use of the feet;
35.2;1;Phangiso to Smith, 1 run a rank long-hop and Smith pummels a pull to midwicket. Shot;
35.1;?;Phangiso to Smith, no run tossed up on off, pushed to point with the turn.;
34.6;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run superb save from Behardien. Parnell applauds, rightly so. Overpitched and driven exquisitely to cover's right, he puts in a lovely dive to stop runs;
34.5;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run superbly bowled. Yorker on off, almost gets through. Khawaja jams it out to point. Good over so far;
34.4;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-off;
34.3;1;Parnell to Smith, 1 run poor delivery. Short on leg, Smith rocks back to pull to deep square leg. Nicely played;
34.2;?;Parnell to Smith, no run fullish length on off, Smith doesn't shuffle too much and plays a block to cover;
34.1;W;Parnell to Warner, OUT gone! What a start this is for SA after the drinks break. A short delivery on middle is pulled powerfully but straight to midwicket. Comfortable height too. Warner was waiting on that back foot and hit it beautifully, just some indecisiveness whether to go over or keep it down. In the end, did neither. But what an innings that was;David Warner c Amla b Parnell 109 (157m 120b 11x4 2x6) SR: 90.83;
33.6;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run short and ducks in, poked back to Abbott;
33.5;4;Abbott to Khawaja, FOUR runs poor ball, put away. Back of a length and down leg, swivel-pulled to fine leg;
33.4;1lb;Abbott to Warner, 1 leg bye short and heading down leg, off the thigh to short fine leg;
33.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run and Warner backs away again and is followed, this time by a short ball, dabbed to the off side;
33.2;2;Abbott to Warner, 2 runs Warner moves away outside leg, the bowler chases him with a full ball, which is skewed in the air... past extra cover;
33.2;3nb;Abbott to Warner, (no ball) 2 runs dug in on the leg stump, pings the top of the front pad as Warner misses the flick. The fast bowler has overstepped by a substantial margin;
33.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run tucked from leg stump to midwicket;
32.6;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run short and wide outside off, flat-batted away. FB dives and makes a half save at short extra cover;
32.5;?;Parnell to Warner, no run short and angled in on off, tucks him up for room. Blocked;
32.4;4;Parnell to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, stops on Warner. He does not bother, swatting it over midwicket;
32.3;?;Parnell to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, chopped to extra cover;
32.2;?;Parnell to Warner, no run short and angled in, defended;
32.1;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run full and straight, whipped smartly to long leg;
31.6;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run short and just a shade outside off, time for Khawaja to raise his bat. Punched to mid-off for a half-century. He is embraced by Warner;
31.5;2;Abbott to Khawaja, 2 runs cutter drifting down leg, helped to fine leg for two;
31.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run played, Warner. Subdued celebrations. No leap to the moon, there. He kisses the helmet and raises his bat. Short and wide outside off, Warner cuts to sweeper cover and raises his century;
31.3;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run dug in outside off, Khawaja steps across off and whips to short midwicket, where Amla did not bend enough, letting it slip through his legs;
31.2;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run short on the hips, short-arm jab to deep midwicket. Warner moves to 99;
31.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run full and attacking the stumps, played back to the bowler;
30.6;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run looped on the leg stump, defended;
30.5;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run quicker and spins away outside off, chopped to extra cover;
30.4;4;Duminy to Khawaja, FOUR runs flighted half-volley outside off, Khawaja unfurls a languid cover drive, nobody sweeping the boundary there;
30.3;4;Duminy to Khawaja, FOUR runs pushed down leg, Khawaja sweeps and tickles it fine on the leg side;
30.2;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run full and shoots low, turns and foils the timing. Skewered to midwicket;
30.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run Warner steps out, takes it on the full and drives to long-off;
29.6;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run back of a length and angled away outside off, punched to short extra cover;
29.5;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run full on off, shuffles across and clips to short midwicket;
29.4;?;Abbott to Khawaja, no run good length and skating across the left-hander, beaten;
29.3;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run too full on middle, pushed to the left of short extra cover to long-off;
29.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run full on middle, defended;
29.1;1;Abbott to Khawaja, 1 run full and outside off, hacked to long-on. Misses out on the free-hit;
29.1;2nb;Abbott to Warner, (no ball) 1 run full and angling away outside off from over the wicket, pushed through the covers;
28.6;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run drifts in slow on middle, blocked on the front foot;
28.6;1w;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 wide fired fast and down leg, sweep and a miss, wide called by ump Wilson;
28.5;2;Duminy to Khawaja, 2 runs picked away off the pads past short fine leg for two;
28.4;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run width outside off, biffed to Amla at short extra cover;
28.3;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run full and dips on middle, leaves the batsman searching for a flick. He skews it back to the bowler off a leading edge. Rolls down the pitch;
28.2;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run full on middle and leg, bunted to short midwicket;
28.1;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run straighter one, nudged wide of midwicket;
27.6;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs tucked off the pads behind square. He charges back for the second;
27.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run off-stump yorker, squeezed out;
27.4;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run another full leg-stump ball, this is clipped through midwicket;
27.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run short and angled away outside off, steered to third man;
27.2;2;Rabada to Warner, 2 runs short and width outside off, Warner cracks it. Cuts through point. Phangiso runs to his right from sweeper and hunts it down with a well-timed slide. Warner's timing was better, though;
27.1;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run full and at the pads, twirled down to fine leg;
26.6;?;Duminy to Warner, no run full and straight, pushed to off side on the front foot;
26.5;2;Duminy to Warner, 2 runs excellent running. Warner just picked it off the pads behind square and set off;
26.4;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run dropped short and that's cut away again. Cover-point (Rabada) dives to his left and makes a half stop;
26.3;?;Duminy to Khawaja, no run short on middle, backs away and cuts to backward point;
26.2;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run angled in from round the stumps, tapped to long-off;
26.1;?;Duminy to Warner, no run loopier on middle, blocked on the front foot;
25.6;?;Rabada to Khawaja, no run banged in short on middle, the batsman hops and defends it back to the bowler;
25.5;4;Rabada to Khawaja, FOUR runs veering down the leg side, Khawaja just helps it on its way for four;
25.4;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run tucked off the hips behind square on the leg side;
25.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run short and outside off, Warner crunches a cut.. JP dives to his right at backward point and makes a smart stop;
25.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run Warner hops and guides this short ball to point;
25.1;1;Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length and outside off, run down to third man;
24.6;?;Duminy to Warner, no run full and turns away slightly outside off, Warner pushes and misses;
24.5;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run full toss on middle, whipped past midwicket;
24.4;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run whirls down a quicker ball on middle, pushed to long-on;
24.3;?;Duminy to Warner, no run full and straight on off, hits the pad first. Muffled lbw shout. Not given. Interesting... Impact in line. The tracker shows that it would have hit the top of the leg stump.;
24.2;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run short offbreak outside off, jabbed down to long-on;
24.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run short and drifts in on middle, punched down to long-on;
23.6;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run goes on straight outside off, Khawaja is on the back foot as he whips to midwicket;
23.5;1;Phangiso to Warner, 1 run too full on off now, neatly flicked to long-on;
23.4;?;Phangiso to Warner, no run spins in on off, full in length, Warner is forward to smother it;
23.3;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run shorter and outside off, glanced towards short fine leg;
23.2;6;Phangiso to Khawaja, SIX runs bang! Khawaja charges down the track, meets the pitch of this full ball outside off and launches it over long-off for the third six of the game;
23.1;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run tossed slow and outside off, sweep and a miss. Replays show that Phangiso hit the front pad outside off;
22.6;?;Duminy to Warner, no run nipping down leg, Warner deflects it towards square leg;
22.5;4;Duminy to Warner, FOUR runs JP drops it short on middle and leg, keeps low. But Warner went low with it and pulled it away past midwicket, beats long-on to his left;
22.4;?;Duminy to Warner, no run Warner uses his feet, JP held this one back on middle, defended;
22.3;?;Duminy to Warner, no run length ball on off, solidly pushed to cover;
22.3;1w;Duminy to Warner, 1 wide drifting down leg, sweep and a miss, wide;
22.2;?;Duminy to Warner, no run skiddy full ball on middle, chopped to the off side;
22.1;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run short and turns away outside off, cut away to short extra cover, where the fielder (Amla) dives to his right and fumbles;
21.6;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run shorter and outside off, stylishly whipped to deep midwicket;
21.5;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run full and turns on middle, down the track, and quietly pushed back to the bowler;
21.4;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run spins in on middle, Khawaja plays back and nudges it towards backward square leg;
21.3;1;Phangiso to Warner, 1 run Warner skips out and meets a full ball, which is slapped to long-on. Warner keeps ticking. Australia keep ticking;
21.2;?;Phangiso to Warner, no run slides on just outside off, punched off the back foot to the covers;
21.1;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run Khawaja keeps sweeping from outside off, there are two men behind square. Short fine leg tidies this up;
20.6;?;Tahir to Warner, no run ripping turn from round the wicket! Zips in from outside off, Warner does not cover for the spin. Prods and gets an inside edge onto the pad;
20.5;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run another legbreak, on a length, swept through backward square leg;
20.4;?;Tahir to Khawaja, no run Tahir pitches this outside off and gets it to turn in, defended off the back foot;
20.3;2;Tahir to Khawaja, 2 runs slides on outside off, Khawaja takes it from there and sweeps firmly through square leg, KG runs to his left from deep midwicket, slides, and keeps it to a couple;
20.2;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run legbreak on middle, Warner hangs back and milks a single through the square leg region;
20.1;4;Tahir to Warner, FOUR runs Tahir finds turn and slips one down leg, Warner goes low and helps it away to the fine leg boundary with a nifty sweep;
19.6;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run slid through on off, Khawaja goes back for a cut but is cramped for room. He ends up chopping it onto the pitch;
19.5;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run turn and bounce! It nibbles in and sticks in the surface. Blocked to the leg side;
19.4;?;Phangiso to Khawaja, no run shorter and drifts in as Khawaja skips back and clips behind square;
19.3;1;Phangiso to Warner, 1 run Warner comes down the track to meet a full one early, whipped down to long-on;
19.2;?;Phangiso to Warner, no run yikes! Pushed through outside off, shoots low, beating Warner's cut;
19.1;1;Phangiso to Khawaja, 1 run darted short and outside off, cut through point on the back foot;
18.6;?;Tahir to Warner, no run full legbreak around off, pushed to the cover region;
18.5;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run Tahir now drops it short and outside off, Khawaja short-arm jabs it past midwicket;
18.4;?;Tahir to Khawaja, no run floats a wrong'un, full in length, poked towards point off an edge;
18.3;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run pushed through at the legs, tapped to long-on;
18.2;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run Tahir gives this more air outside off, Khawaja pushes it gently to long-off;
18.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run full and straight on middle from over the wicket, clipped to long-on;
17.6;1;Phangiso to Warner, 1 run slides on with the arm on middle, cut through backward point;
17.5;?;Phangiso to Warner, no run much better from Phagiso. Lobs this on middle. Keeps Warner to a defence;
17.4;4;Phangiso to Warner, FOUR runs fired short and outside off, Warner skips back and cracks a cut through the covers, Rabada slides in vain at the edge of the boundary;
17.3;?;Phangiso to Warner, no run tossed up, hint of turn around off, Warner smothers it;
17.2;2;Phangiso to Warner, 2 runs Phangiso pulls his length back on middle, chopped from the stumps to sweeper cover off the back foot;
17.1;4;Phangiso to Warner, FOUR runs and Warner welcomes the spinner with a reverse-swept four. Full enough outside off, Warner stretches forward and middles it through vacant slip for four;
16.6;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run Warner pulls pace off it, another cutter, sticks in the surface and kicks up at Khawaja. He fends it with soft hands;
16.5;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run Khawaja presses forward and across as he dabs this cutter towards midwicket;
16.4;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run short, angled in, tucked off the hips to long leg;
16.3;2;Parnell to Warner, 2 runs short incoming ball on off, Warner hops and turns it neatly through square leg. Warner scampers back for the second. Sharp running;
16.2;?;Parnell to Warner, no run shorter and outside off, stops on Warner. He leaps and flat-bat swats it to point;
16.1;?;Parnell to Warner, no run yorker, swerving in wickedly on leg, Warner jabs his bat down on it;
15.6;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run short and wide, scythed to deep point for one;
15.5;?;Duminy to Warner, no run blocked from the front foot;
15.4;?;Duminy to Warner, no run tossed up on middle and leg, squirted to midwicket;
15.3;4;Duminy to Warner, FOUR runs four. Easy. Too short from JP. Warner goes back and pulls in the gap behind square. Too easy. Poor ball;
15.2;?;Duminy to Warner, no run tossed up on off, punched to cover;
15.1;?;Duminy to Warner, no run flight on off, Warner pushes towards point;
14.6;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run fullish on off, pushed back to the bowler;
14.5;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run fifty for Warner. What form he is in. Slaps a short delivery to deep cover. Continues to churn out the runs. Quality innings, but a lot to be done;
14.4;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run dabbed to third man off the open face;
14.3;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run short and wide, Khawaja should have done more with that. Tried to cut but the ball went through;
14.2;2;Parnell to Khawaja, 2 runs clipped off past square leg for a couple this time. Again, too straight from Parnell in the aim of attacking the stumps;
14.1;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run shortish outside off, chopped to the keeper. Khawaja trying to open the face to guide to third man but didn't get that;
13.6;2;Duminy to Warner, 2 runs short and wide, smashed past cover for a couple. Good dive from the fielder at long-off to stop the boundary;
13.5;?;Duminy to Warner, no run slower and straighter, tighter. Warner defends from the crease;
13.4;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run another easy push to midwicket for a single. Good flight from Duminy;
13.3;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run drifts down leg, turned to midwicket for an easy single;
13.2;1;Duminy to Khawaja, 1 run ooh, a bit of spin. Slow and short, and wide, slapped to deep cover;
13.1;1;Duminy to Warner, 1 run flat on middle and leg to start, Warner punches to long-on from the back foot. Using the depth of the crease well;
12.6;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run a good over. Just three singles off it. Back of a length on middle, Warner stays in his crease and turns the ball to square leg to get one;
12.5;?;Parnell to Warner, no run nice line. Nags away on off, chopped to cover.;
12.4;?;Parnell to Warner, no run slower ball on leg, pushed to mid-on;
12.3;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run close with a direct hit. Clipped from a full length to mid-on and Khawaja labours through to the other end. His bat jammed into Parnell's foot and lobbed up but he made it easily;
12.2;?;Parnell to Khawaja, no run shortish outside off, chopped into the surface, towards point;
12.1;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run tucked off his hips to square leg;
11.6;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run more flight outside off, thrashed down to long-off for a run.;
11.5;?;Tahir to Warner, no run full toss on middle, skewed to midwicket;
11.4;1;Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run some flight on off, much more confident against Khawaja than Warner is Tahir. Punched in the air to long-off;
11.3;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run the googly outside off and Warner cuts to deep point. Great batting;
11.2;?;Tahir to Warner, no run flatter on off, pulls his length back there. Defended nicely;
11.1;6;Tahir to Warner, SIX runs smashed for six. Easy does it. Tossed up on off, Warner clears his front foot and then smashes the ball straight past the bowler. Whacks the sightscreen. Shot.;
10.6;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run too short again, Warner finds the gap through point this time for a run to the sweeper cover;
10.5;?;Parnell to Warner, no run shortish and wide, a poor ball. Warner finds point with his cut;
10.4;?;Parnell to Warner, no run full on off, pushed to Parnell from the crease. Good length, looking for some swing but there is none there;
10.3;?;Parnell to Warner, no run pushed to mid-on from the crease;
10.2;1;Parnell to Khawaja, 1 run too straight to Khawaja who flicks one off his hips to fine leg;
10.1;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run good length and straight, turned to square leg;
9.6;W;Tahir to Finch, OUT gone. Finch persists with the sweep. Flat on off, the quicker delivery. Finch clears a front foot and tries to smash his sweep through square leg but was quite far from the ball. The ball missed his cross-batted swat and clattered into off stump. Tahir sets off in typical fashion. Finch struggled for any fluency in that knock.;Aaron Finch b Imran Tahir 13 (55m 28b 2x4 0x6) SR: 46.42;
9.5;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run flat, very quick. 96 kph, punched to deep cover;
9.4;?;Tahir to Warner, no run shortish again outside off, steered to third man;
9.3;?;Tahir to Warner, no run the googly. Turns away from Warner, right into his cut. Straight to point;
9.2;1;Tahir to Finch, 1 run tossed up on middle, Finch prods forward and inside-edges to midwicket;
9.1;1;Tahir to Warner, 1 run shortish on off, Warner goes back and cuts powerfully to deep point;
8.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run maiden. Good bowling from Abbott. Back of a length outside off, punched to cover;
8.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run 132 kph, but very close to off on a good length. Finch defends;
8.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run good length on off, Finch turns the ball to midwicket;
8.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run tight on off, full length. Pushed to cover;
8.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run fullish and wide outside off, good stuff. Finch leaves;
8.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run overpitched outside off, drilled to mid-off;
7.6;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run Finch opens the bat-face to guide to third man. Really clever batting;
7.5;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs shortish on off, Finch clears one foot, looks to smear over midwicket but is hurried for pace. As a result, the ball takes the top edge and flies over the keeper for four;
7.5;1nb;Rabada to Finch, (no ball) Rabada oversteps again. Not very good from him. Overly full outside off, Finch punches into the off side, where there is another parry to mid-off from cover;
7.4;?;Rabada to Finch, no run full on off, Finch pushes to mid-off from the crease;
7.3;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run shortish and wide, dabbed to third man after getting on top of the bounce. Good batting. Got it over the infield;
7.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run keeps it tight on off. Nice line. Warner is forced to defend after looking to clip through the leg side;
7.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide, smashed. Through point, four more. Not the right line. Warner stands tall and cuts it with ease;
6.6;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run too straight and easily nudged to fine leg for a run. Slightly erring in line, but intentionally not offering width;
6.5;?;Abbott to Warner, no run back of a length on middle and leg. Defended again, great bowling. Keeping Warner quiet;
6.4;?;Abbott to Warner, no run tapped to point. Good length again, good bowling;
6.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run a bit too straight and clipped to square leg. Hurried for pace again;
6.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run fullish on off, defended;
6.1;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs nowhere near the middle but four more. Shortish on Warner's pads and Warner is through his swivel-pull too early. Goes to midwicket instead of behind square. Four;
5.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run may have been out with a direct hit. Warner pushes a good length delivery towards short cover and calls for one. Rabada runs to the ball as the crow flies. As a result, Finch has to deviate off course slightly. rabada misses the stumps though at the batsman's end;
5.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run speared in the blockhole again. 150.2 kph. Yikes, that's quick. Warner jams it out.;
5.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run full and wide outside off, steered to third man for a run. Good from Finch, taking himself off strike;
5.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run looking for that yorker. 149.5 kph. A full toss, Finch inside-edges into his pad. Rabada appeals vociferously but clearly a lot of bat;
5.2;?;Rabada to Finch, no run back of a length on middle, jags back enough to take the ball past Finch's inside edge. Smashes into his thigh pad;
5.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run fullish outside off, Finch presses forward and defends;
4.6;?;Abbott to Warner, no run keeps it on a good length on off, not much even Warner can do about that. Defends to point. Splendid over;
4.5;1;Abbott to Finch, 1 run another sloppy misfield from Phangiso at cover. Punched to him from the back foot and he parries it towards mid-off. These two make the run easily;
4.4;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run this time he takes it off his pads and works to fine leg;
4.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run good stuff. Good length on middle, pushed to mid-on. Warner isn't moving his feet too much;
4.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run slightly straight-ish and Warner works the ball off his hips towards square leg;
4.1;?;Abbott to Warner, no run nagging away at that off bail. Warner stays in his crease to tap to point.;
3.6;1;Rabada to Warner, 1 run good single. Fullish on off, tip and run to cover. Great;
3.5;6;Rabada to Warner, SIX runs wow, gone all the way. Shortish on off, Warner pulls. So effortless, so lazy. Made sure he got his pull over square leg and even though he had to drag it from off, it goes well over.;
3.4;?;Rabada to Warner, no run full, maybe for the first time at that length. Warner stays back and pushes to mid-off. Not much movement for the SA bowlers;
3.3;?;Rabada to Warner, no run shortish and wide again, but not as wide. Warner chops a cut to cover point, dot ball;
3.2;?;Rabada to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, dead-bat defense;
3.1;4;Rabada to Warner, FOUR runs ooh, a bit of a sloppy misfield and four. Shortish and wide, didn't get the impression that he timed that too well. the cut went more towards cover where a bobble just in front of the fielder helps it take it past him;
2.6;?;Abbott to Finch, no run keeps it outside off, Finch lunges forward to punch into the off side. So tight that over was, maiden.;
2.5;?;Abbott to Finch, no run nice again. A good length outside off, and Finch leaves. Not bowling it too full;
2.4;?;Abbott to Finch, no run back of a length outside off, pushed to cover from the crease. Abbott's lines are good so far to Finch;
2.3;?;Abbott to Finch, no run hmm, shortish and wide outside off. Finch cuts but times it so badly that it doesn't leave the pitch.;
2.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run fullish on a fifth-stump line. Finch defends nicely;
2.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run a good length outside off, left alone. Finch showing some patience, could be a plan;
1.6;?;Rabada to Warner, no run superb stop. A boundary-saving dive from Parnell. Saved four in fact. Awesome. Short and wide from Rabada, and Warner cuts towards cover point where Parnell dives to his left and stops it;
1.5;?;Rabada to Warner, no run back of a length on off,Warner blocks into the off side. Good, nagging lines;
1.4;1;Rabada to Finch, 1 run nicely bowled. Attacking Finch's pads, but he is good enough to push to mid-on for a quick single. Good run;
1.3;?;Rabada to Finch, no run nice. Back of a length, swerves back in from outside off. Left alone;
1.2;4;Rabada to Finch, FOUR runs smears it to the midwicket boundary. Not a bad delivery actually, fullish on leg. Finch backs away and mis-times his lofted drive, all along the ground, through midwicket;
1.2;1nb;Rabada to Finch, (no ball) overstepped. Can't do that KG. Back of a length outside off and Finch defends into the off side;
1.1;?;Rabada to Finch, no run full and wide outside off, Finch comes forward and leaves. Just a bit of away movement;
0.6;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs poor delivery. So two bad deliveries gives Australia the start they wanted. Short and wide and Warner climbs all over it, thrashes a cut past point again, to the other side, more towards backward point;
0.5;?;Abbott to Warner, no run shapes this one away and starts it off on middle so that it goes to off. Warner blocks. Nice comeback;
0.4;?;Abbott to Warner, no run nicely bowled again. Just outside off - fifth-stump line and Warner defends again;
0.3;?;Abbott to Warner, no run yorker, nudging 140ks, homing in on the off stump, squeezed out;
0.2;?;Abbott to Warner, no run another full outswinger, 147ks, encouraging carry to Wade, a far cry from the low bounce at the Providence. Ignored by the batsman again;
0.1;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs what a start that is. Short and wide, the worst possible delivery to this guy. Warner laces the cut through point, with timing I didn't see too much in round 1;

Out come Warner and Finch, both in fantastic touch. SA huddle up before taking the field, led by AB. All eyes on how the pitch plays. Kyle Abbott has the ball.
12.40pm Brian Roberts: "SA have always been firm on selecting their tried and tested players and Phangiso and Tahir are definitely (and deservedly) 1 and 2 spinners in the squad. Shamsi needs more than one good game to move from number 3 to 1 or 2."
Kapil: "SA are thin on batting. I know Amla and AB are enough if they get going but 80 off 60 in last 10 with 5 wickets in hand and SA are almost out of it but Morris gives you that edge in those kind of games"
Callum: "Really disappointed Maxwell has been dropped. Think he's always a devastating player. Bailey deserves a shot, but with Starc and Faulkner back, there's no need for Mitch Marsh. Maxwell over Marsh for me. "
Abhijeet Pawar: "Bailey replacing Maxwell clearly show imbalance in the side. Both are of pretty much different kind and always fit in the team comfortably."
Paul G: "For me, SA have 4 players that can win the game. Is it enough?"
Khaqan Khan: "That day AB said a few batsmen were not able to pick Shamsi and now he's out. What was that, AB?" - Clearly a different pitch expected.
koti reddy: "So Australia include Bailey to bail out them from middle order crisis, Starc to crack the opposition and the Faulkner to finish the game." - They seem much stronger, don't they?
Afsar: "What a day we are having!! Test and ODIs!!! Hope today will get a good thriller!! "
Kapil: "One poor decision from SA. Morris should have played for Abbott and he won them games with bat very recently as well. So, that's one big mistake I reckon on SA's part" - Probably still injured.
12.30pm Australia won the toss and chose to bat
Steven Smith: "Looks like could be a high-scoring game. Just want to play the game. Three changes, Maxwell, Lyon and Coulter-Nile are out. Bailey, Starc and Faulkner are back."
De Villiers: " Was leaning on batting first, wicket tends to stay good through the 100 overs. Stats say this is a good wicket through the game. I thought we did a decent job in the last game. Two changes, Rossouw is out and du Plessis is back. Abbott is back in for Shamsi."
12.25pm Yo. Thanks Deiva. New round, new stadium, new hopes. Mitch Starc and du Plessis' returns could strengthen already strong squads. Australia v SA has hardly ever been without event. Toss in a bit. Could be a bowl-first day with so many unknowns.
12.15pm AB expects taller scores in St Kitts and hints at leaving out a spinner. Will Morne Morkel get a look in?
For now, Nikhil Kalro gets a look in. Ciao later.
Left-arm wristspinner Tabraiz Shamsi, who impressed on debut, also expects taller scores at St Kitts.
12.10pm St Kitts is likely to offer some juice for the seamers. Mitchell Starc, who was rested for the previous match, is set to return. Faf du Plessis, meanwhile, is likely to comeback for South Africa, having recovered from the finger injury he sustained during the IPL.
Paul G.: "SA have learned their lessons. Again first 10 overs critical"
Rilee Rossouw, who crashed shoulder-first while diving at the edge of the backward-point boundary, has been ruled out of the tournament. Dean Elgar has been called up ahead of David Miller, but du Plessis might well get the nod.
Midday Nuwan Pradeep has nailed a double-strike at Lord's. KL Rahul's century on ODI debut and Jasprit Bumrah carried India to a big win against Zimbabwe in Harare. More cricketing action to follow. Greetings and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the fourth match of the West Indies tri-series.
The Guyana leg of the tri-series ended with all three teams securing points. After falling to spin in the series opener, South Africa roared back and unleashed a three-pronged spin attack on Australia. The Providence was all about spin, spin?. and spin.
 Innings Start
8.58pm David Warner set it up with his first ODI century outside Australia, at Warner Park. Amla and the returning du Plessis led SA's chase with fluent half-centuries, before Hazlewood and Zampa triggered a collapse. Starc then burst through the opening and toyed with SA's notoriously long tail. From 210 for 3, they crashed to 252 all out.
Australia, though, had to suffer the anxiety of Warner leaving the field in the chase with a hurt index finger. The latest update is that he will be assessed over the next 24 hours.
Presentation:
AB de Villiers: We played good cricket for most of the day, but lost our way with the bat and cost us. I threw away a few runs in the field but it was a chaseable total. We just did not bat well enough. All the bowlers bowled well and it was the bat the cost us tonight. It is not too much we can do with such little time. A lot of our dismissals were soft tonight, including my own.
Steven Smith: I thought 290 was a pretty good total. I knew if we got stuck in, we could defend it. It is not easy when you have Mitchell Starc coming in and reversing the ball. Yeah, Zampa was good. He held his nerve and mixed it up. He has come a long way. Starc was quick, there wasn't much swing early on. Then he got reverse swing. Davey played beautifully and his partnership with Usman set us up. I was just taking my time and hit a few out of the middle, having not contributed in the first couple of games.
David Warner, Man of the Match: I think it's all about riding the form. Abbott was hard to get away. Me and Uzzie talked about getting stuck in. The way the skipper finished was fantastic for us. He's got such fantastic wrists. So far, we have been playing well. Sometimes, I have wasted many opportunities in ODIs, in New Zealand, and to be honest I thew a few runs out there today as well. The first ten overs are crucial.
Andy: "So SAF threw it away. Sigh."
That is all we have for you from this game. Thanks for tuning in. Goodbye and good night/good morning.
47.4;W;Hazlewood to Rabada, 1 run, OUT Australia win! back of a length and angled in, helped down to deep fine leg. They aim for the second. There is a direct hit at the non-striker's end from wicketkeeper Wade after collecting the throw from Khawaja in the deep. Redemption for the missed stumping? Tahir's bat is in the air as the bails get dislodged. All over;Imran Tahir run out (Khawaja/?Wade) 6 (16m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
47.3;1;Hazlewood to Tahir, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Tahir cuts to sweeper cover;
47.2;1lb;Hazlewood to Rabada, 1 leg bye short and shading towards the leg stump, takes the pad and wanders to square leg;
47.1;1;Hazlewood to Tahir, 1 run full and drifting into the pads, glanced to fine leg;
46.6;1lb;Zampa to Tahir, 1 leg bye dangled up on the leg stump, sweeps and misses, rolls off the pad towards short fine leg;
46.5;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run shorter and slapped down the ground;
46.4;1;Zampa to Tahir, 1 run chopped to short third man;
46.3;?;Zampa to Tahir, no run Wade misses a stumping. Full and dips just outside off as Tahir swings and misses. Wade snatches at the first attempt, juggles, and is late as the batsman slides back;
46.2;1;Zampa to Rabada, 1 run shorter and outside off, rocks back and pulls to long-on;
46.1;1;Zampa to Tahir, 1 run flighted on off, the batsman goes low and sweep-scoops to fine leg;
45.6;1;Starc to Tahir, 1 run full and angled in, Tahir covers up and secures a single to extra cover;
45.5;1lb;Starc to Rabada, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw, not given by Wilson. Steven Smith challenges the on-field call. Inswinging full toss, raps the back pad in front of leg stump. All three stumps visible. Looked like it was sliding down the leg side. The tracker confirms it;
45.4;?;Starc to Rabada, no run full and tails back in late, zips past the inside edge;
45.3;1;Starc to Tahir, 1 run width outside off, cut to third man;
45.2;?;Starc to Tahir, no run Tahir backs away a bit, full on off, kept out;
45.1;W;Starc to Phangiso, OUT Maxi takes a screamer at backward point. Plucks it out of thin air. Angled in full and tails away late outside off at 146ks to mess with the drive. He slices it in the air. Maxi leaps and stretches his right hand over his head. He comes out with the ball in one hand. One-handed stunner! The timing of the jump was impressive;Aaron Phangiso c sub (GJ Maxwell) b Starc 3 (8m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30;
44.6;1;Zampa to Phangiso, 1 run lobs this up on off, the batsman drags an inside edge through square leg;
44.5;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run googly, sliding into the leg stump, awkwardly kept out;
44.4;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run drifts in on the leg stump, takes the pad. Looked like it pitched outside leg;
44.3;W;Zampa to Parnell, OUT tossed on leg, Parnell steps out and has an almighty swing at it, only to toe-end a catch to long-on. Marsh completes a shoulder-high catch. Zampa has his third wicket;Wayne Parnell c Marsh b Zampa 3 (18m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30;
44.2;1;Zampa to Phangiso, 1 run chopped past cover now as this was short again;
44.1;?;Zampa to Phangiso, no run short on middle, chopped to short third man;
43.6;1;Starc to Phangiso, 1 run full and angled in on off, clipped gingerly to mid-on. Phangiso denies Starc a maiden;
43.5;?;Starc to Phangiso, no run full and outside off, beaten again. This was not far from off stump. Starc knows it and has his hands on his head;
43.4;?;Starc to Phangiso, no run another outswinger, draws the tail-ender forward and beats the outside edge;
43.3;?;Starc to Phangiso, no run full and angled in from wide of the crease, shapes away late, angled bat defence;
43.2;W;Starc to Abbott, OUT the off stump is sent cartwheeling. Nails it full and finds some awayswing. Enough to beat the outside edge of this lazy poke and take out the off stump. Abbott was left squared up;Kyle Abbott b Starc 1 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
43.1;?;Starc to Abbott, no run angled in, yorker, tails away late, past the outside edge;
42.6;?;Zampa to Parnell, no run whipped to midwicket as this skids off the surface on middle;
42.5;1;Zampa to Abbott, 1 run looks another googly, chopped to sweeper cover;
42.4;W;Zampa to Duminy, OUT Zampa dangles another wrong'un and takes down Duminy. Floated on middle, he goes for the slog sweep again, this time holing out to deep midwicket. Duminy goes and with it SA's hopes? Maxi, the sub, completed the waist-high catch;Jean-Paul Duminy c sub (GJ Maxwell) b Zampa 41 (59m 39b 4x4 1x6) SR: 105.12;
42.3;6;Zampa to Duminy, SIX runs slides on full and outside off, JP goes with the spin and slog sweeps a six into the stands beyond midwicket;
42.2;1;Zampa to Parnell, 1 run Dropped, burst through the fingers of Faulkner.Wrong'un leaves the left-hander. He slashes an outside edge in the air. Through the hands of Faulkner at backward point;
42.1;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run Duminy steps out and manufactures a very full ball, which is jabbed to long-on;
41.6;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run short and angled in on middle, blocked;
41.5;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run overpitched on off, driven to mid-off;
41.4;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run full and wide outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
41.3;4;Marsh to Duminy, FOUR runs fraction short and outside off, JP crunches a pull over midwicket. He is now the key for SA;
41.2;1;Marsh to Parnell, 1 run awayswinger full and outside off, Parnell throws his hands at it and slices an outside edge to third man;
41.1;?;Marsh to Parnell, no run full angled in and straightens a shade outside off, Parnell feels for it and misses;
40.6;1;Zampa to Parnell, 1 run pushed down the ground for one;
40.5;?;Zampa to Parnell, no run legbreak on middle, shorter in length, played back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Zampa to Parnell, no run looped up on middle, he bends forward in defence;
40.3;W;Zampa to Behardien, OUT FB has been given out lbw by umpire Llong. FB wants a review after consulting with his senior partner. Impact: pad first. This just skids off the deck in line with middle and raps the front pad before FB managed a tickle, pressing forward. The tracker shows that it would have gone onto hit the leg stump. Umpire Llong's decision is vindicated. SA falling away;Farhaan Behardien lbw b Zampa 4 (15m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
40.2;1;Zampa to Duminy, 1 run slog swept from outside off to deep midwicket;
40.1;1;Zampa to Behardien, 1 run drops it short and outside off, swatted to deep midwicket;
39.6;2;Hazlewood to Duminy, 2 runs JP comes down the track and gets a short ball that is lifted over Hazlewood's head;
39.5;1;Hazlewood to Behardien, 1 run full and aimed at off, pushed for a quick single in front of mid-on. A direct hit from Zampa could have put FB in trouble;
39.4;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run back of a length and angled in, blocked to short midwicket;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Behardien, no run full and angled in on middle and leg, flicked to short midwicket;
39.2;1;Hazlewood to Duminy, 1 run shorter and just a shade outside off, chopped to third man;
39.1;?;Hazlewood to Duminy, no run floated full and outside off, Duminy strides forward and drives to the covers;
38.6;1;Marsh to Duminy, 1 run veering into the hips, tucked squarer of short fine leg;
38.5;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run short and angled in from wide of the crease, punched to short midwicket;
38.4;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run fuller and angled in around off, JP cuts again. Ends up chopping an inside edge to Wade;
38.3;2;Marsh to Duminy, 2 runs Backward point dives and shells a chance Short and wide outside off, JP lashes a cut in the air. Warner throws himself to his left, attempts the catch with both hands, despite a taped-up thumb, it does not stick. Warner leaves the field. Maxi is on as sub;
38.2;1;Marsh to Behardien, 1 run full on off, swings in, FB plays a wafty drive to midwicket;
38.1;?;Marsh to Behardien, no run full and on off, chopped towards backward point;
37.6;1;Hazlewood to Behardien, 1 run wicket-to-wicket line, pushed down the ground;
37.5;W;Hazlewood to de Villiers, OUT massive blow! AB is bowled. Good length and (reverse)swings back in, AB swings and Hazlewood rides his car through the gate and parks it on top of the middle stump. Then he roars like this. Mid-off was up and AB was targetting to pump it over that man;AB de Villiers b Hazlewood 39 (59m 32b 4x4 1x6) SR: 121.87;
37.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Duminy, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, JP pre-meditates a sweep and tickles it to short fine leg;
37.3;1;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 1 run pitched up on off, milked down to long-on;
37.2;1;Hazlewood to Duminy, 1 run Duminy steps down the track, the bowler shortens his length outside off, flat-batted to sweeper cover;
37.1;1;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 1 run full and straight, clipped through backward square leg for one;
36.6;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run back of a length, outside off, chopped to short third man;
36.5;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run good length and angled in on the off stump, whipped to short midwicket;
36.4;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run cutter straightens just outside off, dab and miss. JP played early and didn't touch it;
36.3;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run short and width outside off, late cut to backward point, straight to the fielder;
36.2;?;Marsh to Duminy, no run full and angled in, turned to short midwicket;
36.1;1;Marsh to de Villiers, 1 run short and wide outside off, AB laces a cut to deep point;
35.6;2;Starc to Duminy, 2 runs overpitched and outside off, Duminy leans forward. Good weight transfer easing a drive to short extra cover, who dives, takes some pace off the ball;
35.5;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run full ball, angled in from wide of the crease and bends away. Messes up with AB's drive and induces an outside edge that rolls behind point to third man;
35.4;1;Starc to Duminy, 1 run inswinging full toss on middle, pushed calmly to long-on;
35.3;?;Starc to Duminy, no run hurled in full on middle, defended back;
35.2;4;Starc to Duminy, FOUR runs that should give Duminy more confidence. Pretty full on middle, Duminy lifts it with authority over mid-on. Nice high-elbow pose for the cameras;
35.1;4;Starc to Duminy, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, gives Duminy the release. He eases forward and drives it through point for four;
34.6;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run too full on middle, bunted to long-off;
34.5;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run another inside edge. Duminy has a hard heave at this incoming ball and squirts an inside edge onto the front pad;
34.4;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run fraction short and outside off, bottom-handed shovel to long-on;
34.3;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run dug in short and outside off, Duminy drags it from there and miscues it in the air. Does to carry to a diving Finch at mid-on. Just drops short. Duminy is shaky;
34.2;?;Faulkner to Duminy, no run shortish and on off, punched back at the bowler;
34.1;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run picked away off the pads to deep midwicket;
33.6;?;Starc to Duminy, no run back of a length and swings in, blocked to the leg side;
33.5;?;Starc to Duminy, no run full and snakes in outside off, Duminy aims to drive it rather square. He has to settle with another inside edge. Starc is working to shoot through that gate;
33.4;?;Starc to Duminy, no run full and straight, 146ks, jabbed back to the bowler;
33.3;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run full inswinger, bunted down to mid-on. Hazlewood is hanging back there. AB is quick anyway;
33.2;1;Starc to Duminy, 1 run full and ducks back in, Duminy squirts it to fine leg off an inside edge;
33.1;1;Starc to de Villiers, 1 run full and angled in from wide of the crease, AB square drives and ends up slicing it to deep point. Smith at slip could come into play;
32.6;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run too full on middle and leg, and pushed to long-on;
32.5;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run guided to third man for one;
32.4;4;Faulkner to Duminy, FOUR runs just got enough to clear mid-off. Full and wide, JP went after it and got just enough on his drive to clear the fielder. Good intent though;
32.3;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run worked away to deep square leg;
32.2;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run tight lines around off, blocked back with a punchy drive;
32.1;1;Faulkner to Duminy, 1 run fullish and wide, slapped to deep cover;
31.6;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run quite full on middle, driven to mid-on;
31.5;?;Starc to de Villiers, no run yorker outside off, jammed out again;
31.4;1;Starc to Duminy, 1 run ooh, full again, swerving back in. Duminy drives but gets a thick inside edge to fine leg for one;
31.3;?;Starc to Duminy, no run a full toss outside off, kept out;
31.2;?;Starc to Duminy, no run fullish, tailing back in late from outside off. Duminy inside-edges into his body;
31.1;W;Starc to du Plessis, OUT and he gets the wicket straightaway. Big, big wicket. Full and wide outside off, Faf reaches out for it and can't control the drive. It's in the air and taken at backward point. Huge wicket. Just got a hint of away movement there on that, which was responsible for Faf struggling to control the ball;Faf du Plessis c Bailey b Starc 63 (95m 76b 5x4 0x6) SR: 82.89;
30.6;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run 128 kph slower ball to finish and worked to midwicket;
30.5;?;Faulkner to de Villiers, no run another slower delivery on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
30.4;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run Faulkner from over the wicket, bowls a full and straight delivery. Driven to long-off;
30.3;1;Faulkner to de Villiers, 1 run glided off the open face to point for one;
30.2;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run uppish but safe. Pace off the ball again, 120 kph. Faf finds a gap at cover to get one;
30.1;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run patted to point. Some miscommunication as AB comes halfway down before he is sent back. All's well that ends well;
29.6;?;Hazlewood to de Villiers, no run a mis-timed drive to mid-off;
29.5;4;Hazlewood to de Villiers, FOUR runs edged for four this time. Fullish line outside off, AB plays the line but the ball moves away ever so slightly and takes the outside edge. No slip in place;
29.4;?;Hazlewood to de Villiers, no run overpitched on off, driven to long-on;
29.3;6;Hazlewood to de Villiers, SIX runs my word. What ease. Short and wide outside off, AB stands tall and swats the ball over midwicket. Never in any fear or hesitation. Smashed for six.;
29.2;?;Hazlewood to de Villiers, no run full and straight, played to midwicket;
29.1;4;Hazlewood to de Villiers, FOUR runs advances and smeared to the midwicket boundary. One of AB's most un-pleasing boundaries. Runs to the pitch, looking to go straight, but the inswing helps skew the stroke off the inside half;
28.6;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run nice end. Slow on leg, Faf clears his leg slightly and defends. Doesn't want the slider to hit the pad;
28.5;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run slightly short and AB rocks back to cut to deep point;
28.4;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run pushed in the same gap, to long-off;
28.3;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run more flight on middle, Ab drives, with the spin, to long-off. Played that well. Good battle;
28.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run shortish and wide, smashed to deep cover. Varying his pace quite well here Zampa;
28.1;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run flight on off, pushed to cover;
27.6;4;Hazlewood to de Villiers, FOUR runs oh yes. Suddenly, a flurry of boundaries for AB. The place he wanted to go off the previous delivery. Full on middle, a splendid on-drive hurtles to the long-on boundary;
27.5;2;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 2 runs smeared to midwicket. Again, de Villiers was looking to go straight but the inward movement took it off towards square leg;
27.4;1;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 1 run shortish length outside off, punched to long-off;
27.3;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run full and wide outside off, slapped to point;
27.2;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run and again. Just coming back enough to ensure Faf cannot drive through the off side. Jammed back towards the stumps;
27.1;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run jags back in again towards off. Faf was looking to drive through the off side but chopped it to the keeper;
26.6;?;Zampa to de Villiers, no run flight outside off, AB shuffles across to sweep but misses. Struck on the body;
26.5;4;Zampa to de Villiers, FOUR runs short on off, smashed to the square leg boundary. Got down early. His first boundary this series, after 91 balls.;
26.4;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run slower on off, short. Nice length. Driven to deep cover. Good control over his variations;
26.3;2;Zampa to du Plessis, 2 runs short and wide from Zampa, scythed to deep point and Faf rushes back for the second easily;
26.2;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run flight and drift to leg, pushed to midwicket;
26.1;1;Zampa to de Villiers, 1 run slower outside off, driven to deep cover;
25.6;1;Hazlewood to de Villiers, 1 run clipped towards midwicket to get off the mark;
25.5;?;Hazlewood to de Villiers, no run oohs from the fielders. A good length delivery, darting back in and AB chops one to the keeper, just evades the stumps;
25.4;W;Hazlewood to Amla, OUT got im. Amla goes. He has picked out cover to perfection. Overpitched again outside off from Hazlewood, Amla leans on the drive and smashes it straight to Smith at cover who leans forward and takes the catch a few inches off the ground;Hashim Amla c Smith b Hazlewood 60 (105m 64b 6x4 1x6) SR: 93.75;
25.3;1;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 1 run driven to long-off. Too full that time. Faf in great touch;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run full and wide, intentionally bowled. Faf leaves;
25.1;2;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 2 runs smashed off the back foot to deep cover. Too much width from Hazlewood;
24.6;?;Marsh to Amla, no run pushed to mid-off to end a tidy over from Marsh;
24.5;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run driven to long-off easily;
24.4;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run keeps it full and straight again, on middle. Steered to point;
24.3;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run slower ball on middle, played towards short midwicket for a quick single. 100 partnership for these two;
24.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run driven to the sweeper cover from the crease;
24.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run full and straight, Faf pats to point, looking for one but Amla doesn't want it;
23.6;?;Starc to Amla, no run well played. A full length delivery outside off is pushed to backward point. No reason to play an exuberant stroke;
23.5;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run a high full toss outside off, outside-edged to third man and Faf has fifty on his return to cricket from a finger injury;
23.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run another yorker on off, played back to Starc who feigns a throw;
23.3;2;Starc to du Plessis, 2 runs nicely played. Reached out for the drive but drove it past cover for a brace.;
23.2;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run yorker on leg, jammed out towards midwicket. Good run, both respond positively and the run is easy;
23.1;?;Starc to Amla, no run ooh, full and wide, some late away shape. Amla drives but doesn't connect. That wide slip would have been interested;
22.6;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run 124 kph, slower ball outside off, may have stopped in the surface just a tad. Bunted to deep cover. Amla through the shot way too early;
22.5;?;Marsh to Amla, no run full and straight, worked to midwicket. Better line to Amla;
22.4;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run punched to the sweeper cover off the front foot;
22.3;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run nice lines. Closer to off, played away towards cover;
22.2;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run a good length outside off, Faf bunts to cover. through the shot slightly too early;
22.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run poor line. Drifts on leg and clipped to fine leg. Smith trying to get through his fifth bowler;
21.6;4;Starc to du Plessis, FOUR runs oh yes. What a shot. So many of those shots in Zimbabwe against Australia are similar to this one. Full on middle, Faf presents the straight bat and lofts the ball right over the umpire. Four to long-off. Shot of the day?;
21.5;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run full and wide, inviting the drive. Faf obliges but finds cover;
21.4;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run full on middle and blocked comfortably. these two intent on playing Starc out which is the right strategy;
21.3;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run excellent bowling. Looking for that yorker again, just misses as a low full toss is jammed out to cover;
21.2;?;Starc to du Plessis, no run overpitched on off and driven back to the bowler;
21.1;1;Starc to Amla, 1 run superb yorker outside off, Amla opens the face of his bat to guide to third man;
20.6;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run beautiful drift, slides it towards leg and gets some purchase towards middle. Faf blocks;
20.5;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run the slider on off, Amla rocks back and cuts to deep point;
20.4;?;Zampa to Amla, no run adjusts his length by tossing it up on middle, a solid block ensues;
20.3;4;Zampa to Amla, FOUR runs pummeled for four. A full toss from Zampa on middle, smashed past the bowler. Races away for four to long-on;
20.2;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run short and wide, a loose offering and laced to deep point. SA eating away at this target;
20.1;2;Zampa to du Plessis, 2 runs shortish and wide, slapped past cover for a brace. Great batting this;
19.6;?;Finch to Amla, no run a shake of the head from Amla as he picks out cover off a half-volley outside off;
19.5;?;Finch to Amla, no run short, slow and wide, Chopped to cover;
19.4;1;Finch to du Plessis, 1 run slowed up through the air and bunted to long-off with a languid drive;
19.3;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run way too full and easily driven to long-off. An easy fifty for Amla, has made things look so classy;
19.2;1;Finch to du Plessis, 1 run well bowled, slower on middle and turned to fine leg. good length;
19.1;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run flight outside off and pushed to long-off;
18.6;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run slower and wider outside off, hit to cover. Not a bad over at all but still seven riskless runs;
18.5;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run flat on off, pushed to long-off;
18.4;4;Zampa to Amla, FOUR runs nice. Splendid spot. Some flight on the legbreaj on off, Amla opens up his stance and hits over cover with a straight bat.;
18.3;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run too full, straight. Driven to long-off, these two doing it easy;
18.2;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run overpitched outside off and muscled to deep cover;
18.1;?;Zampa to Amla, no run more flight on off but the length is good, Amla taps to point. Just short enough to command respect;
17.6;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run the flat, quick, slider/darter. Amla picks it and drives to long-on with ease;
17.5;1;Finch to du Plessis, 1 run flight on off, too full. Faf lunges forward and drives to long-off;
17.4;1;Finch to Amla, 1 run punched to the sweeper cover off the back foot;
17.3;?;Finch to Amla, no run short and wide outside off, mis-timed to midwicket;
17.2;6;Finch to Amla, SIX runs quite an ugly shot by Amla's standards but what a shot that is. Too much flight, Amla clears his front foot and drills the lofted drive over long-off. Sliced it;
17.1;?;Finch to Amla, no run nice start, tossed up on off, drilled back at him;
16.6;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run slider outside off, chopped out to sweeper cover;
16.5;2;Zampa to Amla, 2 runs fired short on middle, Amla drops back and pulls firmly over midwicket;
16.4;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run googly, zips into the right-hander, played to the off side for one;
16.3;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run cries of "catch it" does not carry to long-on. Whirls down a quicker short ball outside off, Amla drags a pull, Khawaja runs in from long-on, attacks the ball. It drops in front of him;
16.2;?;Zampa to Amla, no run legbreak again, the length is short and is cut away to backward point;
16.1;1;Zampa to du Plessis, 1 run loopy legbreak outside off, driven to long-off;
15.6;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run shortish on off, angled to short third man where the fielder fumbles;
15.5;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs leg-stump ball, glanced past short fine leg;
15.4;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run back of a length and outside off, cut to deep cover;
15.3;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run cutter outside off, eased down to long-off;
15.2;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Faf has a leaden-footed slash at it and sends a thick outside edge through the vacant cordon;
15.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run short on off, Amla plays late and steers it to third man;
14.6;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run flighted and full on off, squeezed back to Zampa;
14.5;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run turn and bounce! Legbreak leaves Faf outside off and defeats the cut;
14.4;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run short legbreak outside off, slapped to short extra cover;
14.3;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run short again, googly? Faf pulls and gets an under edge onto the pad;
14.2;?;Zampa to du Plessis, no run straighter one, pushed to the off side;
14.1;1;Zampa to Amla, 1 run short and outside off, cut on the back foot to sweeper cover;
13.6;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs full on off, steered to deep cover via an open face;
13.5;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run dug in short on off, Faf does not get on top of the bounce this time. Flaps a pull to mid-on;
13.4;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run veering into the pads, tucked around the corner;
13.3;?;Marsh to Amla, no run slightly overpitched and outside off, Amla drives uppishly to short extra cover;
13.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run dug in short on middle, Faf gets on top of the bounce, rolls his wrists to control a pull to deep midwicket;
13.1;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run full and angled in on middle, Amla goes back and clips to deep midwicket;
12.6;2;Faulkner to du Plessis, 2 runs veering into the hips, glanced to deep square leg. Two. Busy running. SA building nicely in this 289 chase;
12.5;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run Amla slots this full ball to deep cover with a drive;
12.4;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run short on off from wide of the crease, swatted to deep midwicket;
12.3;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run fraction full on off, Faf middles the drive and finds extra cover. Placement was missing, though;
12.2;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run full and angled in on off, Amla shuffles back and dabs a single to the left of square leg;
12.1;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run full and angled in from round the wicket, straightens off the surface, and beats the edge;
11.6;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run short on off, worked behind square with the wrists;
11.5;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run veering into the pads, turned to long leg;
11.4;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs Faf skips out again, meets a length ball and bashes it over mid-on. Faf has been pretty busy this evening. No faffing around;
11.3;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run short on off, Faf gets on top of the bounce and plays to point;
11.2;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run full on the pads, worked to midwicket;
11.1;4;Marsh to Amla, FOUR runs top stroke from Amla. Bisects mid-on and mid-off. Full on off, not a half volley, driven ram-rod straight down the ground;
10.6;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run overpitched and outside off, eased to short extra cover;
10.5;1;Faulkner to Amla, 1 run Faulkner goes wide of the crease and angles it into Amla, turned to leg;
10.4;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run full cutter, opens up Amla slightly. He plays across the line, searches for a flick, and rolls a leading edge onto the pitch;
10.3;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run short and angling away, Faf plays late and runs it down to third man;
10.2;4;Faulkner to du Plessis, FOUR runs Faf gallops down the track and slaps again. This is sent over the covers even as the ball was angling away from him;
10.1;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run full on off, slapped to point;
9.6;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run cutter outside off, Faf shows the full face of the bat and drives to short extra cover;
9.5;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run full and straight, Amla camps back and guides it behind square;
9.4;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run too full on middle, driven down the ground. Crisp.... Mid-on throws himself to his left to stop the ball;
9.3;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs angled into the pads, Faf helps it away to the fine leg boundary;
9.2;1;Marsh to Amla, 1 run full toss, dips on the leg stump, picked away to deep midwicket;
9.1;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run too full and straight, Faf welcomes Mitch Marsh with a whipped single to deep midwicket;
8.6;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run back of a length and tails into Amla, he yanks his bottom hand off the bat as he defends it;
8.5;1;Faulkner to du Plessis, 1 run length and outside off, sliced past backward point towards third man;
8.4;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run too full on off, driven on the front foot to mid-off;
8.3;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run short on middle, angled to backward point;
8.2;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run shorter on off, Faf presents a high elbow as he solidly punches to short extra cover;
8.1;?;Faulkner to du Plessis, no run back of a length on middle, Faf stands tall and punches to mid-off;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and aimed at off, Amla respects it with a quiet defence;
7.5;4;Hazlewood to Amla, FOUR runs short and Hazlewood gifts width outside off, Amla tears open the wrapper and slaps it behind point, beats third man to his right. He leans back and nails it!;
7.4;1;Hazlewood to du Plessis, 1 run full and angled in on middle and leg, Faf dabs a single in front of mid-on;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to du Plessis, no run full and angled in on off, Faf loosens his grip and defends it back to the bowler;
7.2;W;Hazlewood to de Kock, OUT and the encore fails! Hazlewood gets the breakthrough. Good length and wider outside off. He goes across the line again. Last ball he hit it to the left of the fielder, played it finer. Now he shovels it and holes out to deep square leg. Faulkner completes the catch;Quinton de Kock c Faulkner b Hazlewood 19 (33m 29b 3x4 0x6) SR: 65.51;
7.1;4;Hazlewood to de Kock, FOUR runs belted across the line for four! Back of a length and angled in around off, Qdk shuffles across and swats it over backward square leg;
6.6;4;Faulkner to Amla, FOUR runs short and angling across Amla, gives him the width. And Amla happily cuts it away through point;
6.5;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run Amla clears his front leg and stabs this off-stump ball to midwicket. Off the inside half of the bat;
6.4;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run sliding into the pads, Amla plays across the line and misses the flick. The ball rolls off the pad towards point;
6.3;?;Faulkner to Amla, no run overpitched and outside off, Amla drills a drive to mid-off. The fielder effects a direct hit. Qdk had set off but undid his steps in time. Well in time. Finch was the fielder there;
6.2;1;Faulkner to de Kock, 1 run too full on middle, punched down the ground. Mid-on dives and deflects the ball to mid-off;
6.1;?;Faulkner to de Kock, no run full and on middle, defended back;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run full and straight, clipped past the square leg umpire;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run reverts to the shorter length outside off, angled towards short third man;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and angled in on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run inducker cramps the left-hander for room, defended onto the pitch;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run back of a length and angled in, Qdk drops it to backward point and gets off to the other end;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full, angled in, goes away, catches the outside edge and rolls to point;
4.6;4lb;Starc to Amla, 4 leg byes short and down leg, 138ks, Amla shapes to pull and tickles it off the thigh glove, beats Wade and runs away.... It bounced up chest-high at the keeper. Smith chases the ball, he was in contact with the ropes while touching the ball and looking to haul it in. Should have been runs;
4.5;?;Starc to Amla, no run good length and swerves in, Amla squirts it in front of his feet with an inside edge;
4.4;4;Starc to Amla, FOUR runs full and angling away outside off, Amla slaps it away. Driven on the up over short extra-cover;
4.3;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run short on off, cramps the batsman for room. Chopped to point for one;
4.3;1w;Starc to de Kock, 1 wide banged in short and wide outside off, too wide. Qdk shaped to cut before bailing out at the last moment;
4.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run Starc keeps it full. This is an off-stump yorker, in fact. Kept out;
4.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run fuller and outside off, 144ks, pushed back to the bowler on the front foot;
3.6;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run back of a length and angled in, chopped to the left of Wade;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run back of a length and around off, Amla plays late, dabbing a cut past fly slip to third man;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run back of a length and angled on off, turned behind square on the leg side;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run short and angled in, rears up at Qdk, who loosens his grip and fends it back to the pitch;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run Hazlewood bowls it on a back of a length outside off, chopped to the same fielder;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to de Kock, no run full and outside off, Qdk glides it to backward point;
2.6;?;Starc to Amla, no run half volley outside off, Amla uses the pace of Starc and plays a wristy drive, which is stopped by Warner at backward point with a dive;
2.5;?;Starc to Amla, no run full and fired at off 149.3ks, Amla taps to mid-off;
2.4;1;Starc to de Kock, 1 run hurled full, homing in on middle, flicked to mid-on for one;
2.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run too full on off, clipped to mid-on;
2.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and skating in at 144.7ks, Qdk is a touch late as he pokes an outside edge to mid-off;
2.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run full and angled in on middle, forward and solidly pushed to mid-off;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and comes in at off stump, Amla is firmly in line to block;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run shortish on off, Amla keeps back and runs it down to fly slip;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to de Kock, 1 run full and angled away on off, Qdk nudges a single to square leg;
1.3;1;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 run short and width outside off, Amla cuts and finds Khawaja at third man;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and angled in on off, Amla covers up in defence;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Amla, no run full and outside off, forward and driven to point;
1.1;1w;Hazlewood to Amla, 1 wide full and slants down leg, wide;
0.6;?;Starc to de Kock, no run back of a length on middle and leg now, defended;
0.5;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs inswinger on the pads, too full again, picked away through square leg. Neatly done from the batsman;
0.4;4;Starc to de Kock, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, no swing, Qdk lines it up and caresses a drive through the covers. Pleasing stroke, easy on the eye;
0.3;?;Starc to de Kock, no run nudging 140ks. Full and defended;
0.2;?;Starc to de Kock, no run 147ks, left alone outside off again;
0.1;?;Starc to de Kock, no run swing right away from over the wicket. Angled in and swerves away outside off, left alone;

5.20pm Thanks, Nikhil. Hello again. Amla and Qdk are out in the middle. The returning Starc is armed with the new ball.
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
4th Match (D/N), Basseterre, Jun 11 2016, West Indies Tri-Nation Series
288/6
252
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 36 runs
