Data
Ankit Sharma: "36 was once in a lifetime event. One cannot read much into that. But yeah that fluke reduced India to 0-1 deficit. "
Wasti: "I have a gut feeling that 195 would prove too much for India. Fingers crossed!!"
Tanay: "When Smith fails like he did in both the first innings in the series so far, it makes Aus middle order look quite vulnerable to a disciplined bowling. "
sinner: "All said and done, Aussies yet to cross 200 runs in the series!"
5.00pm So the bowlers have done their job for India. Ashwin led the way in the morning, Bumrah ensured the tail didn't wag much. And Australia are bundled out for 195. Gaurav Sundararaman reminds me that on the Boxing Day in 2003, Sehwag scored 195 by himself. Before you all come at me, I have told him that India still lost that game.
Still about 20 minutes left in the day's play. You expect Australia to bowl five overs in that time. EDIT: Oh, then we will have extra half an hour. So a tricky phase awaits Agarwal and Gill.
72.3;W;Jadeja to Cummins, OUT goes for the slog sweep and a good catch by Siraj, pedalling back towards long-on. No five-for for Bumrah but India wrap up Australia under 200. Was a length ball around off and spinning away and Cummins decided there is no point playing the waiting game. Went for it but couldn't middle as the ball was spinning away;Pat Cummins c Mohammed Siraj b Jadeja 9 (49m 33b 1x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;;
72.2;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run length ball on the stumps, some turn, gets behind it and blocks;
72.1;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fuller around off, pushes it gently towards extra cover;
71.6;4;Bumrah to Hazlewood, FOUR runs loses his radar and ends up bowling it full down the leg side, clipped away to the fine leg boundary;
71.5;W;Bumrah to Lyon, OUT two bouncers followed by a fuller one. It was fast and straight and thuds into Lyon's pads before he could get his bat down. Up goes the finger. The only doubt is if it's going down. There's no bat, the impact is on middle and leg and it would have just gone on to clip the leg stump, the on-field umpire's call stays as it is. Bumrah gets his fourth;Nathan Lyon lbw b Bumrah 20 (22m 17b 2x4 1x6) SR: 117.64;;
71.4;4;Bumrah to Lyon, FOUR runs another short one and even better shot from Lyon. Pulls it over midwicket on this occasion, four more to him;
71.3;6;Bumrah to Lyon, SIX runs Bumrah goes for the bouncer, Lyon for the pull and makes a good enough connection to swivel it over fine leg, all the way for a six;
71.2;2;Bumrah to Lyon, 2 runs length ball moving away slightly off the seam, Lyon looks to drive and gets a thick outside edge behind point;
71.1;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run fuller on the stumps, drives but cannot beat mid-on;
70.6;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fired in at middle and leg, Cummins defends it from the crease;
70.5;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run fuller around off, comes forward and blocks;
70.4;?;Jadeja to Cummins, no run flatter one outside off, Cummins was stuck on the back foot, looks to defends but gets beaten by the turn;
70.3;1;Jadeja to Lyon, 1 run length around off and spinning away, Lyon looks to defend but gets a thick outside edge past slip;
70.2;?;Jadeja to Lyon, no run length ball around off, bowled at 92.2kph, defended from the crease;
70.1;1;Jadeja to Cummins, 1 run starts with a fuller one outside off, driven to long-off;
13.6;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run fuller and closer. Pushes it down the ground;
13.5;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball, a touch wider this time, left alone;
13.4;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run a touch fuller this time, similar line. Smith pushes it towards mid-on;
13.3;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run again a length ball and again Smith defends it;
13.2;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run another length ball around fourth stump. Smith moves across and blocks again;
13.1;?;Bumrah to Smith, no run length ball around off, Smith stays in the crease and defends;
12.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run length ball on middle and leg, a little bit of turn, Labuschagne shoulders arms and lets it hit on the pad. A mild appeal for lbw but the umpire isn't interested;
12.5;W;Ashwin to Wade, OUT Oh, Matt Wade! What have you done? Going for a glory hit so soon? Steps out to take him on, Ashwin gets this to dip and turn, Wade heaves across the line to get a top-edge. Now, Gill runs back from midwicket, Jadeja to his left from mid-on. There's confusion, it seems as if both of them will collide. They do, but Jadeja just manages to hang on as this descends on them. Mighty relief in the Indian camp. I could almost imagine fielding coach R Sridhar flinging his cap in disgust had that gone down. What a big moment. Ashwin into the act straightaway and India have taken the first hour.;Matthew Wade c Jadeja b Ashwin 30 (59m 39b 3x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;;
12.4;4;Ashwin to Wade, FOUR runs walks across, exposes all three stumps and helps this in-drifter to the fine leg boundary. Ashwin fired this in and Wade used the pace to sweep it along;
12.3;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run lunges forward with his bat well in front of the pad to defend;
12.2;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run beaten as he tries to sweep one that bounces off the deck;
12.1;1;Ashwin to Labuschagne, 1 run rocks back to cut, hit wide of cover as they take a quick single;
69.6;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run looks to pull, gets pinged on the thigh pad;
69.5;2;Bumrah to Lyon, 2 runs stands tall and punches this back past the bowler and mid-off, lovely tming;
69.4;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run full toss that he pushes straight to cover;
69.3;4;Bumrah to Lyon, FOUR runs steered past the gully region for a boundary. Used the pace to open the bat face late, nicely done;
69.2;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run stands tall and punches back down the pitch;
69.1;?;Bumrah to Lyon, no run looks to take him on with the hook shot, not far from the gloves as he's beaten for pace;
68.6;4;Ashwin to Cummins, FOUR runs heaved into the leg side and he's clobbered that. Just short of being a six! But not something Ashwin will mind;
68.5;?;Ashwin to Cummins, no run slow turn from length outside off, defended;
68.4;1;Ashwin to Lyon, 1 run tucks it wide of square leg for an easy single;
68.3;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run pushed to cover, no chance of a single;
68.2;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run goes across to sweep, beaten as he was too early into the stroke, Ashwin also drifted this down leg;
68.1;?;Ashwin to Lyon, no run gets well forward and defends;
11.6;1;Yadav to Labuschagne, 1 run flicks this to fine leg;
11.5;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run right on top of the bounce as he defends this nicely with soft hands;
11.4;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run for the second time this session, he's let one go assuming it's leaving him, only for the ball to hit the seam and jack back in to hit him.;
11.3;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run full on the stumps, whips this to mid-on, touch risky you'd think;
11.2;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run short of length outside off, left alone;
11.1;3;Yadav to Wade, 3 runs Umesh pitches this up and he continues to be driven on the up, Wade takes three;
10.6;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run worked with the spin to the leg side, good instinctive stop by Vihari at short leg;
10.5;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run shapes to cut, beaten by the zip and skid. Ooohh, things are happening;
10.4;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run inside edge onto the pad, balloons into the leg side but there's no one at leg gully. Some excitement;
10.3;?;Ashwin to Labuschagne, no run works this to the leg side off a length;
10.2;1;Ashwin to Wade, 1 run expansive sweep to a full delivery, down to deep square leg;
10.1;?;Ashwin to Wade, no run drifts in one on a length, no turn, defended;
9.6;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run ooooh, painful! Leaves it on the assumption that this is going away but it hits the deck and jags back in to hit him on the box with him shouldering arms;
9.5;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run zips one through outside off, not much movement this time, left alone;
9.4;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run full and swinging away, he gets well forward and defends it into the off side;
9.3;?;Yadav to Labuschagne, no run full and swinging away from outside off, left alone;
9.2;3;Yadav to Wade, 3 runs positive stroke! Plants forward and covers the line to punch it on the up between cover and point.;
9.1;?;Yadav to Wade, no run good ball, he's hitting top gear slowly. Angled across, full and forcing him to poke at that but Wade leaves;
8.6;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run length outside off, left alone with a flourish;
8.5;2;Bumrah to Labuschagne, 2 runs attempts the short ball, doesn't rise as much as Bumrah wanted it to, helped along to fine leg for a couple;
8.4;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run squirted to cover off the outer half of the bat, he was squared up there;
8.3;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run right behind the line of this incoming short of length ball as he defends down the pitch;
8.2;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run half-forward, hands away from the ball as he drives, no timing. Straight to Jadeja in a floppy hat;
8.1;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run goes wide of the crease to deliver a short of length delivery on the stumps, defended back;
7.6;?;Yadav to Wade, no run short of length, gets it to leave Wade;
7.5;?;Yadav to Wade, no run zips back in off the deck to hit him high on the thigh pad as he tries to defend. Good ball again;
7.4;?;Yadav to Wade, no run shortens his length, angled across, left alone;
7.3;?;Yadav to Wade, no run beats him with a peach, the best ball he's bowled this morning! Full, lands this on middle and gets it to nip away to beat the outside edge as Wade drives;
7.2;?;Yadav to Wade, no run full and slanted across again, left alone;
7.1;?;Yadav to Wade, no run full and wide outside off, Wade watches this through to Pant;
6.6;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run short of length outside off, left alone;
6.5;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run short of length, outside off, left alone;
6.4;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run gets right on top of the bounce as he defends;
6.3;3;Bumrah to Wade, 3 runs flicked away off the pads, lovely timing and they'll get three. One of the few bad deliveries Bumrah has bowled this morning;
6.2;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run struck on the back pad as he's beaten for pace, this is excellent from Bumrah;
6.1;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run I have no idea how that missed the off-stump.;
5.6;1;Yadav to Wade, 1 run tucked away to square leg;
5.5;?;Yadav to Wade, no run poor from Umesh, this one is sprayed down leg, Wade has nothing to do with this one;
5.4;?;Yadav to Wade, no run good leave as Umesh slants it full and makes him drive again, Wade with a good stride forward to cover for the swing, got his feet outside off;
5.3;1;Yadav to Labuschagne, 1 run buffet ball to get off the mark! Full on the pads, tickled away nicely to fine leg;
5.2;1;Yadav to Wade, 1 run tap and run into the off side, excellent from these two;
5.1;4;Yadav to Wade, FOUR runs positive stroke from Wade. By no means a half-volley but he punches this on the up to beat mid-off. Lovely to watch;
4.6;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run gentle tap into the leg side to a length ball angling in;
4.5;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run shoulders arms to a back of a length delivery that zips through outside off;
4.4;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run this is a peach! Marnus plays back to a delivery he should've been forward, caught on the crease as he pokes. Beaten;
4.3;?;Bumrah to Labuschagne, no run squirted away to the gully, good ball first up to him from Bumrah. Making him play;
4.2;W;Bumrah to Burns, OUT there's the nick and Burns' poor run continues! Bumrah has got him nicking off to a delivery he should've looked to leave. Bumrah angles this back in from wide of the crease, this one angles in to hit the seam and then leave Burns as he pokes at it. Pant takes a regulation catch.;Joe Burns c ?Pant b Bumrah 0 (19m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;;
4.1;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run Burns opens up, right shoulder visible at the point of defence. Not something Bumrah will not mind;
3.6;?;Yadav to Wade, no run right onto his toes as he bunts this back;
3.5;?;Yadav to Wade, no run right on top of the bounce as he defends;
3.4;?;Yadav to Wade, no run stands tall and bunts it into the off side;
3.3;4;Yadav to Wade, FOUR runs cashes in big time as Umesh bowls a juicy half-volley, hammered through cover;
3.2;2;Yadav to Wade, 2 runs just about carries to debutant Gill at second slip, he was just slightly late in moving to his left. What a ball to Wade. Goes down as a touch chance;
3.1;?;Yadav to Wade, no run overpitched, crashed firmly but straight to Jadeja at extra cover;
2.6;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run this is a cracker-jack of a delivery! Burns had to play at this, left him late to whizz past the edge. Burns still very tentative;
2.5;1;Bumrah to Wade, 1 run squared up a hint as Wade squirts this to the gully where Rahane misfields in trying to pick up one-handed;
2.4;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run beautiful angle, the one that makes most opening batsmen uncomfortable. Bumrah wants him to play, Wade lets it go;
2.3;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run struck high on the pad as this one zips through the deck, Wade was looking to work this through the leg side;
2.2;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run on the stumps, defended back;
2.1;?;Bumrah to Wade, no run excellent leave. Bumrah zips this through on a length across him, not far from off, left alone;
1.6;?;Yadav to Burns, no run erratic delivery, way too much swing from outside off, left alone;
1.5;3;Yadav to Wade, 3 runs first runs for Australia and it comes through a punchy drive on the up. Stood tall and punched it between cover and point for three;
1.4;?;Yadav to Wade, no run fuller, angled across as Wade watches this through again;
1.3;?;Yadav to Wade, no run good delivery. Pulls the length back, angles it across, much closer to the off stump, left alone;
1.2;?;Yadav to Wade, no run floats this full and wide, no movement this time, Wade can drive if he wants to. He says 'nah mate, I'm good'. Through to Pant;
1.1;?;Yadav to Wade, no run full and swinging back in from outside off, Wade takes a good stride forward and lets this go;
0.6;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run beaten on the drive! Saw this pitched up and wide, went after it but was late on the stroke. Hardly any carry to Pant though;
0.5;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run gets this one to dart back in from the fifth stump or thereabouts, Burns leaves;
0.4;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run prods half-forward and defends firmly into the off-side. Bumrah on the money;
0.3;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run beautiful! Beats the outside edge after getting him to push forward to an away-swinger;
0.2;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run good shape away. Lands it on a length and gets it to leave Burns, who watches this through to Rishabh Pant;
0.1;?;Bumrah to Burns, no run full and wide, hint of swing away, left alone;

10.28am Burns and Wade the two openers. An unbeaten stay at the crease in polishing off a small chase in Adelaide helped Burns regain a bit of confidence. He'll be hoping it's the start of a glorious run. He returns to the venue of his Test debut against India in 2014. Jasprit Bumrah takes the new ball for India. Three slips, a gully and the umpire says 'let's play, gentlemen'.
And as the players take the field, i'll leave you with this lovely feature by Dan Brettig on Tim Paine, who is proving to be a departure from history. Not only as an Australia 'keeper captain, but by improving his batting when it would usually be on the slide. His next challenge is to join Marsh, Healy, Gilchrist and Haddin as Test centurions.
Little tit-bit if you didn't know. Cheteshwar Pujara has been formally named as India's vice-captain. And with that, it's time for the anthems. Both teams line-up.
10.20am Ten minutes to first ball. If fantasy cricket is your thing, then this is your definitive guide towards making your team.
Zeeshan: "I am sure many young Indians will say Sehwag's hundred in the first session of 2003 boxing day test as their first memory of the Boxing Day Test"
Gladwyn James G: "Rahane talking about how one hour of poor batting cost them the match reminds me of the CWC Semi Finals vs New Zealand where Kohli said that half an hour of poor batting cost them the match. Both results were absolutely heartbreaking."
RockyNewJersey: "Last time when Rahane was Captain in India Australia match in Dharamshala, India in 2017 that India won with series on line. That is enough inspiration to come out of DisasterOf36"
Pitch report now. Glenn McGrath, who knows a thing or two about the MCG pitch, believes this surface "may do just a little bit with the new ball", but will largely be an excellent batting surface.
Thank you, Hemant. Great toss to win for Australia. Hello everyone. It's quite a ritual isn't it? Waking up early and starting the year leading into the new year with the Boxing Day Test. What are your first memories of this epic day in a cricketing context? Tell us in the comments and I'll try and feature as many as possible.
10.00am Australia have won the toss and they will be batting first. "We spoke about a lot of things after winning, series win is more important than a Test win," says Tim Paine. "Hopefully, Warner will be back for the next Test." Australia are unchanged.
Here are the XIs:
Australia: 1 Joe Burns, 2 Matthew Wade, 3 Marnus Labuschagne, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Travis Head, 6 Cameron Green, 7 Tim Paine (capt & wk), 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Josh Hazlewood, 11 Nathan Lyon
India: 1 Mayank Agarwal, 2 Shubman Gill, 3 Cheteshwar Pujara, 4 Ajinkya Rahane (capt), 5 Hanuma Vihari, 6 Rishabh Pant (wk), 7 Ravindra Jadeja, 8 R Ashwin, 9 Umesh Yadav, 10 Mohammed Siraj, 11 Jasprit Bumrah
"At Adelaide, that one hour took the game away from us, we did well on the first two days," says Rahane. "Really excited for Shubman and Siraj. Jadeja is a quality bowler and is batting really well lately. We also wanted to bat first."
With that, I hand it over to Shashank Kishore.
Rabi Bhatnagar : "India will bounce back by scoring runs and taking early wickets.The Aussies are in for a real fight. Be careful of the wounded Lion..."
AlokGrgUSA: "I would like to see Jinks batting 4, Jaddu 5 followed by Vihari then Pant in this match to come out of the "36" nightmare!!"
9.50am Daniel Brettig is at the venue and has the first update for us, about the pitch.
"The pitch has a liberal spread of grass, 11mm in length. It looks reasonably similar to the surface for last year's Test against New Zealand, and the MCG ground staff will be hoping it plays as such."
9.40am India have already announced their XI; Shubman Gill and Mohammed Siraj will be making their debuts. Want to know more about their journeys? Head here for Gill's rapid rise and Siraj's humble beginnings.
On the other hand, Paine has backed both Matthew Wade and Cameron Green and said Australia are not thinking about how to fit Warner in until they absolutely have to. There are no indications of any changes in the line-up.
9.30am Hello and a very warm welcome. Hope you all had a great Christmas. It's the Boxing Day Test between Australia and India in Melbourne. The two teams who will be playing their 100th game against each other; their rivalry has been unmatched in the last few years.
But how do you bounce back from a 36-all-out low might be questions many would be asking, especially without Virat Kohli and Mohammed Shami in the side. But our experts, Aakash Chopra and Tom Moody, think Australia have obvious holes that India can still exploit. Meanwhile, Varun Shetty has likened this Kohli-less side Indian side to that of Australia's during the 2018-19 tour in his preview. Have a read.
 Innings Start
India's lost a wicket each in the 113th, 114th, and 115th overs as their lower order crumbled rapidly. Readers in the Indian subcontinent can watch how Umesh edged Lyon to slip, Ashwin holed out to Head off Lyon, and Bumrah departed for a duck as Lyon bagged a three-for
Rahane has his team in a huddle. Will he open with Bumrah and Umesh or will he prefer Siraj? We'll find out very soon. It's bright and sunny. Good conditions for Joe Burns to spend some time in the middle, rediscover his lost form. He's under pressure, no doubt. Wade too would want a big score.
1.00pm Welcome back, folks. Australia's openers should be out to bat very shortly. Jasprit Bumrah is already warming up, having sent down a few deliveries. Ashwin and Jadeja could be as important as the pacers as the surface wears out.
If some banter, analysis, info-graphics etc is your idea of a second-screen experience, you should dig into Andrew McGlashan's Live Report.
_______________________________________________________________________
We will be back in a bit, stay tuned.
Irfan Rahman: "If Lyon completes the hattrick it will be 3 wickets in 3 different overs. Has it ever happened." -- I think Merv Hughes is the only one to have done so, while Walsh and Lawson's were spread across two innings. Here's the full list of hat-tricks in Test cricket.
Partha: "India would be disappointed. Rahane-Jadeja partnership could have buried the Aussies. "
Karthik: "I think India haven't done justice to the hard work they put on day 2 and have given back some advantage by losing wickets in quick succession. 131 is a good lead but India should have looked to taking the game away from Australia. "
Sabu: "5 wickets down for 32 runs.. Again the run out could be a turning point in this match... Afraid that Aussies are back in the match. India batting again on 5th day would being back the ghosts of Adelaide "
12.25pmAnd that's lunch as well on day three. India started well but once Rahane was run out while going for a quick single, it gave Australia an opening. Starc started a bouncer barrage and Jadeja couldn't last long against that ploy. The tail was never going to wag. India would have had a bigger lead in mind at the start of the day but 131 isn't too bad either. Still it's a comeback from Australia, I would say. If they can post anything above 300 in their second innings, they will have a very good chance of making it 2-0.
Gladwyn : "Will Lyon be on a hat trick in the second innings?" -- yes, Lyon will be on hat-trick in the second innings.
115.1;W;Lyon to Bumrah, OUT Lyon finishes with three as Bumrah perishes while going for a slog sweep. Was tossed up around off, Bumrah can only get a top edge and an easy catch for Head at midwicket;Jasprit Bumrah c Head b Lyon 0 (7m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;;
114.6;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run fuller and angling towards the pads, Siraj once again is moving towards the leg side, finds himself in an awkward position and gets rapped on the pads;
114.6;1w;Hazlewood to Siraj, 1 wide here is the bouncer and Siraj ducks under it, called a wide for height;
114.5;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run a play and a miss. Was a length ball around fourth stump, Siraj was already moving towards the leg side, perhaps he was expecting a short one. Pushes at it in the end and gets beaten;
114.4;W;Hazlewood to Ashwin, OUT Lyon takes it at backward point. Was a length ball outside off, Ashwin wanted to drive it on the up, over covers but gets it only from the outer half of the bat and an easy catch for Lyon there;Ravichandran Ashwin c Lyon b Hazlewood 14 (72m 42b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;;
114.3;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball around off, punched firmly but extra cover moves to his right to make the stop;
114.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run length ball outside off, steered towards point;
114.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run a bouncer but down the leg side, Ashwin lets it go through;
113.6;W;Lyon to Yadav, OUT taken at slip. A loopy offbreak outside off, Umesh lunges forward and looks to defend. Hard hands and the ball takes an outside edge. Smith takes it at knee height;Umesh Yadav c Smith b Lyon 9 (31m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 47.36;;
113.5;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball on the stump, defended;
113.4;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run fuller outside off, drives it towards extra cover where the fielder dives to his right to make a partial stop;
113.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball angling across, Ashwin goes back and turns it towards square leg;
113.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller on the pads, Ashwin comes forward and pushes it on the leg side;
113.1;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, flicked towards backward square leg;
112.6;1;Hazlewood to Yadav, 1 run short of length on the pads, hops and flicks it towards fine leg;
112.5;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run short of length around off, Umesh looks to pull but can manage only an inside edge on to the thigh;
112.4;?;Hazlewood to Yadav, no run bouncer on middle and leg but not as threatening as those from Starc, Umesh ducks under;
112.3;1;Hazlewood to Ashwin, 1 run length ball outside off, drops it towards point to sneak in a single;
112.2;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run bouncer but at a manageable pace. Ashwin sways away;
112.1;?;Hazlewood to Ashwin, no run fuller around off, Ashwin has a chance to come on the front foot and he pushes it back towards the bowler;
111.6;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball spinning towards middle and leg, tucked away around the corner, Ashwin was initially thinking of a single but realises soon there isn't one there;
111.5;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run fuller on the leg stump, pushes it towards deep midwicket;
111.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller at the stumps, defended back;
111.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller around off, comes forward and defends;
111.2;2;Lyon to Ashwin, 2 runs fuller outside off, Ashwin hops in his crease before steadying himself, drives it towards cover-point for the fielder dives to his right but cannot makes the stop;
111.1;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball down the leg side from around the wicket, tickled towards short fine leg;
110.6;?;Starc to Yadav, no run fuller outside off, Umesh looks to smash it down the ground but misses and gets hit on the pads. An appeal for lbw but denied. The impact was well outside off;
110.5;?;Starc to Yadav, no run bouncer again, in the line of the stumps. Umesh ducks under this time;
110.4;?;Starc to Yadav, no run another bouncer but well outside off, Umesh was anyway moving towards the off side. Goes for the awkward hook but misses;
110.3;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run length ball around off, Ashwin pushes it towards point for one;
110.2;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run short of length angling across, Ashwin stays back and taps it towards point;
110.1;1;Starc to Yadav, 1 run fuller and wider outside off, Umesh pushes it towards covers for a single. He wanted the second but Ashwin sends him back;
109.6;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run a touch fuller on the pads, pushes it towards square leg;
109.5;1;Lyon to Yadav, 1 run length ball and Umesh goes for a slog, loses his shape though and the ball hits the inner half of the bat. A single to midwicket;
109.4;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run a touch fuller, pushes it towards covers;
109.3;?;Lyon to Yadav, no run length ball spinning in from outside off, defended from the back foot;
109.2;4;Lyon to Yadav, FOUR runs a slog sweep from Umesh and he gets four for it, he is not going to hang around and wait. Was a length ball on middle and leg and Umesh dispatched it to fine leg;
109.1;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run length ball on the pads, played a bit early. Was looking to work it towards square leg but it goes towards mid-on instead;
108.6;?;Starc to Yadav, no run another short one, just outside leg and doesn't rise as much, Umesh ducks under awkwardly;
108.5;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run length ball around off, Ashwin stays back and pushes it towards point;
108.4;1;Starc to Yadav, 1 run short again, moves towards the off side and fends it towards square leg;
108.3;?;Starc to Yadav, no run another bouncer, Umesh was looking to pull but decides against it in the end;
108.2;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run another bouncer and another attempted pull, makes the connection this time. A single to deep square leg;
108.1;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run another short one, Ashwin tries to clear his front leg and pull but misses and gets hit on the body, he is looking in some discomfort, he is hit on the chest. The physio is out;
107.6;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run length ball on the pads, swipes it towards square leg;
107.5;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run punched towards extra cover from the back foot;
107.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run dropped by Labuschagne at leg slip. Was a short of length ball down the leg side, Ashwin went for the pull but got only a part of the bat on it and it went straight to the hands of the fielder, who failed to latch on to it;
107.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller around off, pushed towards mid-off;
107.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller around off, pushed towards covers from the front foot;
107.1;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball on the pads, tucked away towards backward square leg;
106.6;?;Starc to Yadav, no run another bouncer, Umesh takes his eyes off and takes the blow on the forearm;
106.5;W;Starc to Jadeja, OUT short ball finally does the trick. Another bouncer, Jadeja backs away and goes for the pull, it made good sound off the bat as well. Perhaps that was also the reason it carried to Cummins who although was stationed well inside the deep midwicket boundary, and takes a good tumbling catch;Ravindra Jadeja c Cummins b Starc 57 (228m 159b 3x4 0x6) SR: 35.84;
106.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run another snorter, short and touch wider, Jadeja pushes at it and gets beaten;
106.3;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run fuller around off, Jadeja was stuck in the crease, puts his bat in front of the ball;
106.2;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run another bouncer, Jadeja clears his front leg and goes for the pull, fails to connect though;
106.1;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run another bouncer, perfect line and length to make Jadeja hop, but he does well to sway away and drop his hands;
105.6;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length again, around off and middle and a little bit of turn, blocked again;
105.5;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball at the stumps, defended back;
105.4;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run shifts the line to the off stump, lunges forward and pushes it towards covers;
105.3;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run fuller on the leg stump, defended from the front foot;
105.2;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball on the pads, pushed on the leg side;
105.1;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run length ball on the pads, flicked towards backward square leg;
104.6;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run snorter of a delivery! Furious pace from Starc. Jadeja's head was nearly taken off as he arched back to drop his gloves. Paine consulted his mates to see if it would be worth referring, they don't in the end. That would've woken any batsman up;
104.5;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run short ball angling away, Jadeja lets it go;
104.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run slants this across, Jadeja drops his wrists and lets this pass;
104.3;2;Starc to Jadeja, 2 runs;
104.2;1;Starc to Ashwin, 1 run works this off his hip to deep square, into the big gap there as Lyon comes around. Good running that time;
104.1;?;Starc to Ashwin, no run floats this full and across, Ashwin doesn't bite the bait as he lets it go;
103.6;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run defends this indrifter with soft hands;
103.5;4;Lyon to Jadeja, FOUR runs he's hammered this pull into the vacant midwicket region. Picked the length early and smacked it away;
103.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run works this off a length on middle to midwicket;
103.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run stops on him a touch as Jadeja stabs this away. Hint of bounce as well;
103.2;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run works this nicely off his pads to square leg for a single;
103.1;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run drifts in from wide of the crease, Ashwin defends;
102.6;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run plays inside the line of this short ball as this whizzes past the outside edge. Good ball that;
102.5;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run right on top of the bounce as he defends this into the off side;
102.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run drops his wrists and let this short of length delivery zip through;
102.3;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run squirted to gully, no chance of a single. Jadeja wanted the single but is sent back by Ashwin;
102.2;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run short outside leg, Jadeja manages to avoid this;
102.1;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run hops back and defends this short ball;
101.6;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run turns this into the leg side, past short leg;
101.5;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run rocks back and slaps this short delivery into the covers;
101.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run drifts in a length delivery, Jadeja defends from the crease;
101.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run lunges forward and blocks;
101.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run gets well forward and defends;
101.1;1;Lyon to Ashwin, 1 run driven into the covers as Ashwin gets well forward to smother the turn;
100.6;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ducks under the bouncer, wears a blow on the body. Ball bobbles off the shoulder to Paine;
100.5;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run hops back and defends one that keeps a tad low;
100.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run gets right on top of the bounce as he defends this short delivery;
100.3;1;Cummins to Ashwin, 1 run works this wide of square leg;
100.2;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run lovely roll of the wrists to work this into the leg side, good reflex save by Wade at short leg;
100.1;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run there comes the bat-swivel sword celebration - more out of anger - as he tucks this to fine leg. India's lead is now 100;
99.6;?;Lyon to Ashwin, no run rolls off a thickish inside edge to short fine leg;
99.5;W;Lyon to Jadeja, OUT how close is that? They'll have a look at that. Very risky business. Direct hit would've been out. Looks like he's gone. It's another run out involving Rahane, this time he's at the receiving end. Jadeja tapped it to short cover, instinctively took off for a run that was really not on, Rahane responded immediately, went full tilt, went full-stretch but he's still just about short of the crease. What a sad end to a tremendous knock.;Ajinkya Rahane run out (Labuschagne/?Paine) 112 (359m 223b 12x4 0x6) SR: 50.22;;
99.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run gets well forward and eases this back to Lyon;
99.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run eases this to point, wants the single but is sent back;
99.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run drifting into the pads, worked to short fine, wanted the single but won't get it;
99.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run drifts one in and gets this to turn away a bit, Jadeja has a good look at that as he leaves;
98.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run angles in full from wide of the crease, defended back;
98.5;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run flicked away down to fine leg;
98.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ducks under another short ball, this one doesn't rise as much;
98.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ducks under this short ball outside leg;
98.2;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run short ball angling into his ribcage at 139.2kph, Jadeja manages to avoid this;
98.1;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run hops back and defends;
97.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run nurdled to short fine;
97.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run gets well forward and defends this right under his nose;
97.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run punched into the covers;
97.3;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run tucks this wide of square leg;
97.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run carefully defended with the spin;
97.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run rocks back to cut, this skids through and Jadeja stabs this away to point;
96.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run beaten as he looks to arch back and help it over the slips;
96.5;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run pulled, in total control, but this is a good stop by Burns at square leg. Saved two runs for his side;
96.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run gets well forward, outside the line of off, to defend that;
96.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run steered to the gully;
96.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run caught hopping as he's hit on the pad by this inducker;
96.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run punches this short of length delivery to point;
95.6;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run driven but not all that well timed, mid-off comes around to his right to cut that off;
95.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run solid forward press as he punches this to mid-off;
95.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run rises with the bounce and defends with soft hands to gully;
95.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run slants one across Rahane who lets it go Smith style;
95.2;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run half-volley, Jadeja drives very nicely but Wade with a diving stop at extra cover;
95.1;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run driven firmly but straight to extra cover;
94.6;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run flicked down to fine leg as Cummins sprays this on the pads;
94.5;4;Cummins to Jadeja, FOUR runs edged and four! Healthy nick but Jadeja was playing it with soft hands, races through that big gap between second slip and gully;
94.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run nice and full outside off, Jadeja lets it pass, not enticed to throw his hands at that;
94.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run inside edge onto the pad as he looks to tuck this through square leg;
94.2;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run turned into the leg side behind square as they jog through for a single;
94.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, hint of movement inwards, Rahane leaves;
93.6;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run whizzes past Jadeja's helmet as he ducks under this one;
93.5;3;Starc to Rahane, 3 runs ah, how good is that? Length ball angling away and Rahane uncorks his wrists to hit that on the up imperiously through extra cover;
93.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full on middle and leg, Rahane turns this gently to midwicket;
93.3;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run works this gently into the leg side for a quick single;
93.2;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run straying into the pads, flicked to fine leg;
93.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run full on off, pushed off the frontfoot to mid-off;
92.6;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run defends with his bat close to the body, excellent delivery;
92.5;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run banged in short, rises high and Jadeja ducks underneath is pretty easily, won't be wrong to say Jadeja was expecting that one;
92.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run goes wide of the crease and angles one in full outside off, Jadeja lets it pass;
92.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run watches this angle back in as he defends with soft hands;
92.2;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run full on the stumps, defended back;
92.1;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ripper of a bouncer at 148kph, Paine leaps to grab that one-handed as Jadeja just about manages to duck under this nasty delivery;
91.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run defended back down the pitch. He was shaping to drive but the ball came back in a wee bit to roll back off a thickish inside edge;
91.5;2;Starc to Rahane, 2 runs nicely turned down towards fine leg, Cummins runs to his right and slides across to stop that and save two runs;
91.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run edged but stopped by Green for the one-millionth time at gully. Played it with soft hands so no danger from Rahane;
91.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run Oh, dear! Another dropped chance. Travis Head puts down the chance diving forward from gully. Snorter of a short ball that pings Rahane on the glove as he looks away, it lobs enough for the fielder to run in and get to the ball, but Head grassed it as his elbows touched the turf. How costly will that prove to be? He was dropped earlier on 74, now on 104;
91.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run slanted full, pushed off the frontfoot to mid-off;
91.1;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run driven firmly wide of mid-off for a single;
90.6;1;Green to Jadeja, 1 run bunted into the gap for a quick single;
90.5;?;Green to Jadeja, no run drops his wrists and lets this length ball zip through;
90.4;?;Green to Jadeja, no run full and into the slot to drive, left alone;
90.3;?;Green to Jadeja, no run full and right in the slot to drive but this is a tad wide, Jadeja leaves again;
90.2;?;Green to Jadeja, no run too wide outside off once again, not enough to get the batsman playing;
90.2;1w;Green to Jadeja, 1 wide sprays this too far wide outside off, left alone;
90.1;?;Green to Jadeja, no run shapes back in from over the wicket, defended back with a straight bat;
89.6;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run shortish outside off, he rocks back and crashes this point;
89.5;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run mistimes this cut to cover;
89.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run gets well forward and defends this with head right over the ball;
89.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run stabs this away into the off side;
89.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run slider that drifts in and he defends to get a thick inside edge that rolls into the leg side;
89.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run drifts in a length ball on middle, defended;
88.6;4;Hazlewood to Rahane, FOUR runs glorious cover drive! This was full, so full that Rahane let his hand-eye coordination and the confidence of his hundred do all the talking as he blasted that into the gap, all along the ground.;
88.5;1;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 1 run off the pad as he looks to work that wide of square leg;
88.4;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run ducks under this short ball on middle and leg;
88.3;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run leaves this nip-backer from outside off;
88.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run squeezes this yorker-length delivery into the off side;
88.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run solid defence to one that jags back in from outside off;
87.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run rapped on the glove as Cummins gets this to lift off the surface, Rahane tried to take his bottom hand off as he tried to defend this;
87.5;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run right on top of the bounce as he defends;
87.4;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs that's a hundred to remember! Well played, Rahane. Saw this short and wide, shaped up early to play a fierce cut to the backward point boundary. His 12th Test century, one he'll remember for a long time if this helps India go on to win. What a knock;;
87.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run nips back in to be struck high on the pad. I think Rahane expected this one to hold its line;
87.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run edged but safe, well stopped at gully by Cameron Green;
87.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run solidly defended back;
86.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run pitched up outside off, Jadeja happy to let this pass;
86.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run excellent leave as Hazlewood goes full on off stump from around the wicket;
86.4;3;Hazlewood to Rahane, 3 runs uppish flick but into the gap between square leg and midwicket, acres of open space there and they'll come back for a third;
86.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run hit high on the pad as this length ball angles in, he was looking to work it to the leg side;
86.2;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run;
86.1;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run driven firmly but straight to mid-off;
85.6;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run nudged away towards square leg for an easy single;
85.5;2;Cummins to Rahane, 2 runs pulled in front of square, didn't get hold of it but they'll get back for a couple as it was hit into the gap at deep midwicket;
85.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run steered nicely to gully, excellent stop by Green diving to his left;
85.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run driven superbly but an excellent stop by Wade at mid-off;
85.2;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run tucked away uppishly past short leg;
85.1;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run off a thickish inside edge to fine leg;
84.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run width on offer but Jadeja says 'thanks, but I'm good', leaves;
84.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run dug in short but this is flying way over him, Jadeja leaves;
84.4;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run hops back and across as he leaves this length ball angling away;
84.3;2;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 2 runs sprays it on the pads and Jadeja clips it away nicely past midwicket;
84.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run pitched up, right in the slot to drive, Jadeja isn't enticed enough so he leaves;
84.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run full and angling away, Jadeja watches this through to Paine;
83.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run solidly defended back;
83.5;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run hops back and works this uppishly wide of short leg for a single;
83.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run big appeal for lbw but it may have struck Jadeja a tad too high. They don't even bother consulting each other before the DRS referral;
83.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run gets this to zip across, play and a miss;
83.2;1;Cummins to Rahane, 1 run edged and this races past gully;
83.1;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run works this down to long leg;
82.6;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs width and he's flayed that away behind point, couple of bounces to the rope. Bad ball from Starc. Rahane just couldn't resist and went after it without any half-measures;
82.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run attempted rib-tickler gone wrong, down leg.;
82.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run slips this length ball down leg, Rahane plays and misses;
82.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run rash stroke from Rahane! Goes chasing after a wide half-volley, late by a fraction of a second. Very close to the outside edge;
82.2;2;Starc to Rahane, 2 runs prods outside the line, gets a thick inside edge to fine leg. Aggressive running to come back for the second;
82.1;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run risky little single as he pushes this to mid-on, Jadeja was deep inside the crease as he defended that so needed to really hustle to complete the run;
81.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run right on top of the bounce, defends;
81.5;2;Cummins to Rahane, 2 runs stands tall and punches this on the up between cover and point;
81.4;2;Cummins to Rahane, 2 runs and another one! This one's fuller too and Rahane plays the exact replica of the previous delivery. High elbow, feet to the pitch of the ball, straight bat past mid-off and zoom. This one holds up near the boundary though;
81.3;4;Cummins to Rahane, FOUR runs ah, shot of the day! Just leans forward and essays a classic off-drive to beat mid-off. So beautiful to watch;
81.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run keeps a tad low as it lands on a length around off, kept out;
81.1;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run right behind the line of this short of length delivery as he defends;
80.6;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run superb delivery, whizzes past the outside edge as Jadeja tries to hide the bat inside the pad;
80.5;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run moves away from outside off, left alone;
80.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run length ball moving away from outside off at 142kph, left alone;
80.3;1;Starc to Rahane, 1 run dropped at second slip by Steven Smith! This one burst through his hands. Rahane jams his bat down to squeeze a full delivery through point, the ball flew off the thick edge. How costly will that prove to be? The ball wobbled a great deal as it came quickly towards Smith;
80.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run floated full, driven nicely to mid-off;
80.1;3;Starc to Jadeja, 3 runs flicked nicely into the gap at midwicket, three more to the total. Spraying into the pads,Jadeja will play his shots if the ball is pitched up;
79.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run covers the line of the delivery and defends;
79.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run fired full outside off, into the tough, Rahane gets a stride in as he blocks that;
79.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run back and across to defend this sharp-turning length delivery;
79.3;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run goes right back to cover for the turn and defend;
79.2;3;Lyon to Jadeja, 3 runs crashed away through the cover region, long chase for Head allows them to take three. Is Lyon tiring?;
79.1;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run worked wide of midwicket for an easy single;
78.6;2;Green to Jadeja, 2 runs fuller and swinging in, Jadeja does well to keep his pad out and flick it towards midwicket;
78.5;?;Green to Jadeja, no run fuller but well outside off, left alone;
78.4;?;Green to Jadeja, no run a bouncer but too high, Jadeja squats under it;
78.3;1;Green to Rahane, 1 run bouncer but down the leg side, pulls it towards fine leg;
78.2;?;Green to Rahane, no run full and wide, driven firmly but cannot beat the man at extra cover;
78.1;?;Green to Rahane, no run fuller on the stumps, pushes it towards mid-off;
77.6;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run length outside off, some extra bounce as well, which means Jadeja had to check his cut. Bounces towards the cover fielder;
77.5;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
77.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run fuller around off, pushes it towards point but the fielder is quick to the ball;
77.3;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run length around off, pushed off the back foot;
77.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run fuller around off, comes forward and defends on the off side, looks to sneak in a single but Rahane isn't interested;
77.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run short of length outside off, cuts it towards backward point;
76.6;?;Green to Rahane, no run fuller around off, blocked again;
76.5;?;Green to Rahane, no run short of length around off, good bounce as well, defended from the back foot;
76.4;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball in the channel and moving away, left alone;
76.3;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball in the channel, left alone;
76.2;?;Green to Rahane, no run fuller and swinging away, Rahane finds the extra cover with the drive;
76.1;1;Green to Jadeja, 1 run fuller on the stumps, Jadeja pushes it towards mid-on and sets off;
75.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run fuller on the stump, pushes it towards mid-on;
75.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball around off, stays back and punches down the ground, Lyon dives across to make the stop. Looks like Jadeja's bat brushed with Lyon as he put in the dive;
75.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball on the pads, flicked towards short fine leg;
75.3;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run sweeps it from outside off, doesn't try to hit hard, gets a single to deep-backward square leg;
75.2;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run ripping offbreak, bounce as well. Was much closer to the stumps though. Jadeja looks to block and gets beaten;
75.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run teasing flight outside off, Jadeja leaves it one;
74.6;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, Rahane goes for the cut and gets beaten. There wasn't enough room;
74.5;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball in the corridor, shouldered arms once more;
74.4;?;Green to Rahane, no run length but well outside off, left alone;
74.3;?;Green to Rahane, no run length ball around off, defended on the off side;
74.2;1;Green to Jadeja, 1 run fuller on the stumps and driven down the ground this time. Not much power behind it though;
74.1;4;Green to Jadeja, FOUR runs short of length outside off and angling away, Jadeja gets on his toes and punches it behind point;
73.6;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run swept from outside off towards fine leg for a single;
73.5;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run quicker this time, Jadeja stays back and defends it from there;
73.4;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run leaves the arm ball. Pitched just outside off and wasn't far away from the off stump;
73.3;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run length ball spinning towards middle and leg, whipped towards midwicket;
73.2;1;Lyon to Jadeja, 1 run short of length outside off, cuts it towards sweeper cover;
73.1;?;Lyon to Jadeja, no run tossed up wide outside off, left alone. Good turn and bounce though;
72.6;1;Green to Jadeja, 1 run short of length in the rib cage, tucked away towards fine leg;
72.5;?;Green to Jadeja, no run length ball around sixth stump, left alone;
72.4;?;Green to Jadeja, no run length ball around off and shaping in, defended back towards the bowler;
72.3;?;Green to Jadeja, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
72.2;?;Green to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, stays back and defends;
72.1;?;Green to Jadeja, no run fuller but down the leg side and swinging further away, Jadeja cannot connect the flick;
71.6;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball around off, stays back and blocks;
71.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run fuller on the stumps, defends with the bat in front of the pads;
71.4;4;Lyon to Rahane, FOUR runs down the ground and punches it firmly past Cummins at mid-off, he puts in the chase and the dive but cannot pull it back;
71.3;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run length ball spinning in, whipped towards short midwicket;
71.2;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run fuller around off, comes forward and smothers it;
71.1;2;Lyon to Rahane, 2 runs length ball around off, goes back and punches it towards the left of extra cover for a couple;
70.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball angling in from the off stump, dabs it towards gully;
70.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run a bouncer, angling down the leg side. Jadeja ducks under;
70.4;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run fuller in the channel, left alone;
70.3;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run fuller and angling in this time, pushes it towards mid-on;
70.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run short of length outside off, punches it towards extra cover;
70.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run short of length outside off, goes for the punch but mistimes. Dribbles towards the cover;
69.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run similar to the previous ball, this time Rahane had no hesitation and shoulders arms;
69.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball around fifth stump, Rahane comes on the front foot and was looking to play at it before changing his mind at the last moment;
69.4;2;Starc to Rahane, 2 runs short of length outside off, stands tall and cuts it past point for three more;
69.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball at the stumps, defended this time;
69.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run fuller and swinging in, Rahane goes for the drive but the ball hits the inner half and rolls towards wide mid-on;
69.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run fuller around off, comes forward and blocks;
68.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run fuller down the leg side and swinging further away, Paine stretches full-length to collect it;
68.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, pushes it towards backward point;
68.4;1;Hazlewood to Rahane, 1 run short and pulled down towards deep-backward square leg, the fielder is there;
68.3;?;Hazlewood to Rahane, no run length ball at the stumps, taps it towards square leg and looks for a quick single. Jadeja sends him back;
68.2;3;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 3 runs short of length outside off, extra bounce there as well. Jadeja plays away from the body but in the gap, gets three as the ball goes past the point fielder;
68.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, defended from the back foot;
67.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length but sixth-stump line, left alone;
67.5;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs finally the edge but there is a gap between the keeper and first slip and that's where it goes. Had it been a regulation first slip, Rahane would have been on his way back. Now he gets four to his name;
67.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run short of length around off and rising towards the batsman, Rahane does well to get on his toes and drop it down, removing the bottom hand;
67.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length but way outside off this time, shouldered arms;
67.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run beaten. A length ball pitching in the line of the stumps and moving away, Rahane was walking into the shot and ends up playing in front of body. Luckily for him, there was no edge;
67.1;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
66.6;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run another bouncer, this time just outside off, Jadeja offers the same response;
66.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run a bouncer this time, on middle and leg. Jadeja ducks under;
66.4;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run a touch fuller but well outside off, left alone;
66.3;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball, pitching around off and holding its line. Hits the inner half of the bat and brushes the pads on its way down;
66.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, defended from the back foot;
66.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball outside off and going with the angle, left alone;
65.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run fuller down the leg side once again and Rahane once again cannot connect the glance;
65.5;?;Starc to Rahane, no run fuller down the leg side, goes for the flick but cannot reach there;
65.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run length ball around off, defended on the off side;
65.3;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Rahane was looking to defend, the ball moved away a bit but soft hands help Rahane as it goes between slip and gully, India into lead now;
65.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run fuller on the stumps, pushes it towards extra cover;
65.1;1;Starc to Jadeja, 1 run length ball around off, defends it on the off side and sprints for a single after a bit of hesitation;
64.6;1;Hazlewood to Jadeja, 1 run short and pulled away, Starc is quick at fine leg and keeps it to just one;
64.5;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, hops and defends with a straight bat;
64.4;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball at the stumps, Jadeja is caught at the crease but manages to get bat on it;
64.3;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run banged in mid-way, ducks under it comfortably;
64.2;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run much closer to the stumps, Jadeja is stuck at the crease, another inside edge on to the pads as he looks to defend;
64.1;?;Hazlewood to Jadeja, no run length ball around off, cramping Jadeja who was looking to drop and run, gets an inside edge on to the pads;
63.6;3;Starc to Jadeja, 3 runs short of length outside off, Jadeja transfers his weight and pulls it over midwicket, won't go the boundary but three nonetheless;
63.5;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run length ball, just around off stump, hops and defends;
63.4;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run length outside off, left alone;
63.3;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run rip roaring bouncer, Jadeja caught on the hop, rapped on the glove as he hops back to defend;
63.2;4b;Starc to Jadeja, 4 byes ah, nothing anyone could've done about that. Bounces over a leaping Paine to the boundary. Starc bangs it in, tries to attack Jadeja's ribcage but there's too much bounce on this. Useful runs for India, deficit in single figures;
63.1;?;Starc to Jadeja, no run slips this down leg, Jadeja beaten as he looks to tickle fine;
62.6;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run squeezed off a thick inside edge to midwicket;
62.5;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run late inward movement. Reverse? Rahane defends but is off balance as he meets the ball;
62.4;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run full and much closer to the stumps, solidly defended;
62.3;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run right behind the line as he defends;
62.2;?;Cummins to Rahane, no run banged in short, zippy bouncer, Rahane ducks;
62.1;1;Cummins to Jadeja, 1 run drops it gently into the off side for an easy single;
61.6;?;Starc to Rahane, no run eases this full delivery to point;
61.5;4b;Starc to Rahane, 4 byes beats Paine to the boundary down leg. Has Rahane got something on it? No, byes signalled. Hint of late swing in this time but the radar wasn't quite right. Handy runs for India;
61.4;?;Starc to Rahane, no run invites the drive by bowling full again, Rahane leaves;
61.3;?;Starc to Rahane, no run invites the drive by pitching it up, left alone;
61.2;?;Starc to Rahane, no run slants one full and across, left alone;
61.1;4;Starc to Rahane, FOUR runs this is a lovely little half-century and what a gift to get there. Full and swinging into the pads, Rahane takes it on the full and tickles it to the fine leg boundary. Muted celebration, he knows there's much more to be done;
60.6;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run banged in short, attacking his ribcage, Jadeja somehow manages to avoid this;
60.5;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ducks under this short ball on leg again;
60.4;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run hops back and defends this short of length delivery;
60.3;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run drops his wrists, sways out of this short ball;
60.2;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run ducks under this short ball on leg stump;
60.1;?;Cummins to Jadeja, no run snorter of a short ball, Jadeja is in some trouble as he tries to ride the bounce, gloves this to the cordon. Looked to play it with soft hands;

That catch off Pant was Tim Paine's 150th dismissal in Test cricket
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd Test, Melbourne, Dec 26 - 29 2020, India tour of Australia
195 &
326 &
Player of the match is Ajinkya Rahane, INDIA
India won by 8 wickets
