Data
5.55 pm The umpires have decided to call stumps. The light seems to have deteriorated too much for play to continue it would seem. We will look to compensate for the play that's been lost today with an early start tomorrow and possibly for the remaining days of the Test as well. So do join us tomorrow at 10.00 am when play will begin.
It's been 30.4 overs, Australia have hammered 163 runs and India's bowlers did not look like they could change the tide. As is usual for Adelaide which has the highest average for first and second innings scores since 2000. For further analysis, do tune in to Match Point with Stuart MacGill and Ajit Agarkar.
Steven Smith has continued making a name for himself in Test cricket, and at times batted like he was two different people. A polished strokemaker for much of the innings and then a slog-overs specialist in the latter half. Michael Clarke strode out at the start of the day, back injury and all, and his sudden appearance seemed to have wilted the Indians and their plans. What a bullish hundred he hit. What a statement he has made at the start of a big, big tour.
Rakesh: "Looking at the last 3 Aus vs Ind tests at Adelaide, India have always conceded 500+ scores, with more experienced bowling attacks. Something to take heart from."
119.6;?;Karn to Johnson, no run a shade short which prompts Johnson to go back and cut. Too much spin for him to pull the shot off;
119.5;?;Karn to Johnson, no run moves around the wicket and targets the rough with a good length ball and keeps Johnson to a defensive push;
119.4;?;Karn to Johnson, no run flighted on middle and Johnson comes forward to block;
119.3;?;Karn to Johnson, no run good length ball a shade outside off, defended;
119.2;W;Karn to Clarke, OUT no mistake this time. Clarke goes for a sweep and has found square leg. Adelaide stands up to appreciate their captain. The coach pats him on the head as he walks back, his family is there as well. Looks quite weary as he walks off.;Michael Clarke c Pujara b KV Sharma 128 (244m 163b 18x4 0x6) SR: 78.52;
119.1;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run Ishant has dropped it. Not that this ball deserved a wicket as Karn bowls length on leg stump and is swept quite powerfully. Deep fine leg has misjudged it though and stayed back when he should have come forward. Ball drops short of his dive;
118.6;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
118.5;4;Sharma to Clarke, FOUR runs front-foot pull from Clarke beats midwicket and then rushes away to the boundary after that. Chin scratching time, and has been for quite a bit for Kohli;
118.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run banged in short and Smith has pulled it to deep square leg;
118.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run good length ball slanted at Clarke even as he was backing away. Can't connect with the flick;
118.2;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs does away with the front leg and creams a length delivery to deep midwicket. He's stopped looking pretty now, but his threat is still very sound;
118.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run tries to swing off his feet against a length ball on off stump and inside edges it onto his thigh pad;
117.6;?;Karn to Clarke, no run a touch more bounce and it doesn't really turn as much. Clarke is uncertain about it and blocks with soft hands. Gets an inside edge through his legs;
117.5;?;Karn to Clarke, no run short on leg stump, nudged to square leg;
117.4;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run flighted into the rough and Smith is still able to clobber it to deep fine leg with the sweep;
117.3;2;Karn to Smith, 2 runs if the orthodox sweep doesn't work, try the reverse. Drags a fuller delivery from way outside leg to deep third man;
117.2;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off;
117.1;4;Karn to Clarke, FOUR runs how clean was that. Perfect example of how fast his feet are and then once he was to the pitch of the ball, straight batted it through mdiwicket!;
116.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
116.6;5w;Sharma to Smith, 5 wide saw the batsman backing away down leg, Ishant went further past him and the keeper cannot save him the blushes. Five wides raise the 500 of the Australians as ishant looks at his hand in disbelief;
116.5;1;Sharma to Clarke, 1 run moves outside leg and negotiates a shortish ball off his hips to deep square leg;
116.4;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run short and slid down leg, Clarke does not bother;
116.3;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run mid-on and midwicket chase after a leading edge, Rahane from mid-on dives and tries his hardest to get his hands under it. But just as it had lobbed over Pujara, it drops short of Rahane;
116.2;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run good short ball from Ishant, rises over Clarke's left shoulder and goes on to the keeper;
116.1;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run one bounce to deep midwicket! It was length, it was the kind of ball that early on in a Test might have been blocked but Smith and Australia are chasing a declaration so it has to be slogged away;
115.6;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run good length ball on off stump, steered behind point;
115.5;?;Karn to Smith, no run slower through the air and flighted on the rough, goes for a sweep but can't pull it off from this angle;
115.4;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run goes back and clips a shortish delivery through square leg;
115.3;2;Karn to Clarke, 2 runs lap swept towards fine leg for a single;
115.2;3;Karn to Smith, 3 runs moves away outside leg to try and carve the flighted ball from well outside leg over the covers. Gets a thick outside edge that flies to Kohli's left at slip. Too tough a catch to pull off and Clarke pushes himself to get three;
115.1;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted on leg stump and spinning further away, which makes the sweep a difficult stroke. Misses it;
114.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run full and on the pads, Clarke though prefers to go back and clip to short midwikcet;
114.5;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run short and a shade outside off, Smith pulls it behind square leg and brings up his maiden 150 in Tests;
114.4;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run goes for a short ball on middle and Clarke isn't as fluent as his normal self. He's still tucked up despite moving across outside off and just about deflects it down to fine leg;
114.3;?;Shami to Clarke, no run back of a good length on off stump, and Shami's bowling around to Clarke, defended;
114.2;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run short and wide, slapped to the man square on the off side boundary;
114.1;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run back of a length and outside off, opens the face to run it to deep point;
113.6;?;Karn to Smith, no run reverse this time and it tickles off the glove and could easily have knocked over the off stump;
113.5;?;Karn to Smith, no run good length ball on leg stump and turning away, Smith's sweep is of no use this time;
113.4;?;Karn to Smith, no run tossed up on leg stump and Smith was trying to make room to open up the off side. Finds a yorker on leg and has to dig it out. Very awkwardly. Barely managed to stay standing;
113.3;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted on leg, Smith sweeps powerfully finds square leg;
113.2;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted and drifting on middle and off, Smith looks to hack it to fine leg as he brings down a straight bat on top of the ball and shovel it behind him;
113.1;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run comes down the track to slog over cow corner, odd stroke for Clarke to be playing, but the situation demands it. Inside edge skews to fine leg;
112.6;?;Shami to Smith, no run well bowled. He's trumped Smith's efforts to open up the off side and cart him away. Finds the blockhole and keeps Smith to a defensive push to mid-off;
112.5;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run persists with the short-pitched line of attack and pulls to deep midwicket;
112.4;?;Shami to Clarke, no run goes around to Clarke and delivers a short ball on middle. Clarke blocks it by his feet;
112.3;?;Shami to Clarke, no run banged in short, perhaps a bit too much so which allows Clarke ample time to get under it;
112.2;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run it's been quite profitable for him and he continues weaving that front leg aside and slices a short ball outside off to deep point;
112.1;2;Shami to Smith, 2 runs worked away off his knees and deep fine leg has to run a long way to his left to catch up with it;
111.6;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run swept behind square by Smith as this is flighted on the pads;
111.5;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run tossed up outside off and Clarke has eased it to the sweeper on the off side;
111.4;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run loopy delivery on middle, Smith has nailed the sweep this time. Brought the bat down on top of the ball and middled it to deep square leg;
111.3;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run goes back and across and clips a flatter delivery from off stump to deep midwicket;
111.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run shortish and on the pads, nudged away through midwicket;
111.1;?;Karn to Smith, no run tossed up on leg stump, opts for a sweep but can't quite connect;
110.6;4;Shami to Clarke, FOUR runs short and wide, Clarke was backing away to try and cut and has to eventually reach out. Gets a thick edge through slip and gully. And with that shot another shower arrives;
110.5;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run gets across on off stump and tucks a fuller ball through to deep midwicket;
110.4;?;Shami to Smith, no run wide of the crease and the short ball on off stump has been slid to gully;
110.3;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs he is in supreme form! This was a full delivery seeking the base of middle stump, and Smith has given the bowler a full view of it. As if to tease him, and then unveils a stunning cover drive. Hits the gap and roars to the fence;
110.2;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs shortish and outside off, steered past the diving gully fielder. Dhawan was the culprit who gives away a boundary;
110.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run a touch slower at 131kph, Smith was set up for a crack through cover but had to adjust and find cover;
109.6;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run stays back, rises with the bounce and punches the ball to deep cover;
109.5;?;Karn to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, chopped towards point;
109.4;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run nips down the track and drives to long-off;
109.3;?;Karn to Clarke, no run;
109.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run flighted outside off, eased down the ground with a beautifully straight bat;
109.1;?;Karn to Smith, no run missed stumping by Saha. Beautiful flight from Karn even as the batsman was dancing down the track and with Smith in this mood, wanting to slog everything, he plays against the turn and survives as Saha barely tracked the ball.;
108.6;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run full toss on leg stump, whipped away to deep square leg. This is overdrive and how!;
108.5;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs the umpire better watch out. Aaron might be asking his captain to take him off judging by the danger of these flat-batted missiles Smith is directing down the ground. How does a short ball end up there?;
108.4;2;Aaron to Smith, 2 runs bouncer on leg stump, but Smith is seeing the ball well enough to have loads of time to pull to fine leg. Shami was the man who pulls out a timely boot;
108.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith was pulling away to the leg side as well and tries an upper cut. Fails to connect and punches his bat in disappointment;
108.2;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs goes fuller and Smith has clocked it away to the midwicket boundary. Australia want to stick India's openers back in with the light fading in the evening. Imaging facing Mitch like that?;
108.1;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs swat! Smith was almost forward and carves a bouncer down to the long-on boundary. Umpire says one for the over as the batsman forehands it with sheer power being the only concern;
107.6;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run slower through the air on middle and off, Smith goes back and works it to deep square leg;
107.5;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run;
107.4;?;Karn to Clarke, no run good length ball brings Clarke forward to block;
107.3;?;Karn to Clarke, no run flighted delivery outside off, driven to mid-off;
107.2;?;Karn to Clarke, no run;
107.1;?;Karn to Clarke, no run gets down the pitch, but Karn draws the ball away outside off and the length is shorter as well so Clarke has to block;
106.6;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs belted back down the ground and Aaron was in terrible trouble there! Reflex made him go for a catch as Smith cleared the front leg and unleashed every bit of power he had into the strike. Deflects off the bowler to the boundary. Smith raises a hand in apology immediately. That could have been quite scary!;
106.5;?;Aaron to Smith, no run shortish on middle and leg, Smith taps it towards short midwicket;
106.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run bouncer from over the wicket to Smith, who sways away and tries an upper cut. Can't reach it;
106.3;2;Aaron to Smith, 2 runs drills a full delivery from off stump to deep cover. Cleared that front leg and hammered it away, looks like Australia are prepping for a declaration. And Ishant's cap had fallen on the ball while he was gathering that ball up. Technically, that should be penalties, right?;
106.2;1;Aaron to Clarke, 1 run good bouncer, got it to lift above Clarke's left shoulder and yet the batsman was able to pull it down to deep square leg;
106.1;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run fuller delivery that is slanted across the right-hander, Clarke backs away to slap it through the off side and is beaten;
105.6;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted on off stump, defended as he strode down the pitch;
105.5;4;Karn to Smith, FOUR runs poor ball and Smith dispatches a short and wide delivery away to the point boundary.;
105.4;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run turned away past midwicket as Karn flights the ball well enough, but doesn't take care of his line;
105.3;?;Karn to Clarke, no run eases a flighted delivery to the man at cover;
105.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run leaves the crease and pushes a flighted delivery on the pads to long-on as well;
105.1;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run turns a flighted delivery into a full toss as he advances down and clips Karn, the new bowler, to long-on;
104.6;1;Aaron to Clarke, 1 run clipped away off his thighs and picks up his 28th hundred in Tests. Clarke lifts his helmet and kisses the Australia crest. Warm appreciation from the Adelaide crowd. His average is skyrocketing here;
104.5;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run jumps back on middle and blocks a short ball and yells "No";
104.4;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run width offered and Smith has sliced it away to deep point. Not the ideal line against any batsman, least of all one batting past a century;
104.3;1;Aaron to Clarke, 1 run didn't quite rise up as much as Aaron would have liked and Clarke is able to pull to deep square leg. Actually it was more of a glide considering he barely hit the ball;
104.2;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run top class bouncer again, this at 138 kph, and Clarke has done quite well too. Dropped his wrists and swayed his head away as the ball skirted past his ear;
104.1;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run it's the bouncer first up at 139 kph, Clarke is forced to duck under it as it sails over middle and leg;
103.6;?;Vijay to Smith, no run good length ball which draws Smith forward and block with a slightly open face. The outside edge falls short of slip though;
103.5;?;Vijay to Smith, no run elegant stroke into the covers as Vijay tosses it up outside off;
103.4;?;Vijay to Smith, no run advances down to nudges a fuller delivery to short midwicket;
103.3;?;Vijay to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, Smith bunts it back at the bowler;
103.2;1;Vijay to Clarke, 1 run works away past the diving midwicket fielder as he tries to reach the pitch of the ball;
103.1;1;Vijay to Smith, 1 run nips down the track and Smith works it away to deep square leg. He's been doing that against the specialist spinner, why should he change against the part-timer?;
102.6;4;Karn to Clarke, FOUR runs too easy for Clarke. He'd made this ball happen by the threat he poses with his ability to dance down the pitch. Karn bowls short, the legspin offers enough room and Clarke waits just long enough to beat point in the deep;
102.5;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run short and wide as well, Smith chops it through point;
102.4;3;Karn to Clarke, 3 runs well bowled, Karn! He's brave enough to toss the ball up and Clarke came down the pitch again. Couldn't reach it and the turn fetches his outside edge past the lone slip fielder;
102.3;4;Karn to Clarke, FOUR runs beautiful footwork from Clarke as he advances at Karn and lofts him over his head. Goes past 2000 Test runs against India with a stroke that rather defines him;
102.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run gets down the track, takes the flighted ball on the full and drills to long-on;
102.1;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run skips down the track and Clarke drives to mid-off to bring up the 408th run of Australia's innings. Fitting that Clarke scored it, wasn't it? Standing ovation around Adelaide;
101.6;?;Aaron to Smith, no run short and wide, Smith strokes it into the covers;
101.5;2;Aaron to Smith, 2 runs ton-up for Steven Smith as he tucks a simple delivery off his pads and clips it to deep square leg. Jogs away towards the '408' that's painted on the turf and raises his bat in tribute to Phillip Hughes. Big hug from Clarke, emotional scenes are Adelaide again as the crowd rises up in applause;
101.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run reverts back to a shortish length and Smith blocks to cover. And now the rain is coming down quite hard;
101.3;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs eased through extra cover and Smith is racing towards his ton. Friendly half-volley on off stump which has been duly dispatched with a lovely, straight face. His driving has improved tremendously since he started playing, especially through the off side;
101.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run fullish on off stump, Smith defends;
101.1;?;Aaron to Smith, no run gives Smith ample time to rock on the back foot, line up the short delivery and punch to point;
100.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run good length ball outside off, Clarke bunts it to mid-on;
100.5;?;Shami to Clarke, no run short and wide and barely any pace on it, Shami is lucky that Clarke has picked out point;
100.4;?;Shami to Clarke, no run good length ball outside off, Clarke looks to cut and gets an inside edge that deflects rather dangerously close to off stump;
100.3;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run fuller ball on off stump, Smith works it to the right of mid-on;
100.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run fullish and slanting into the pads, Smith works it to midwicket. One ball on off, the next on leg... and Kohli comes up to have a word;
100.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, defended;
99.6;4;Aaron to Clarke, FOUR runs how well has he done that! Swayed away from the short delivery as if he were prepped to leave it and then uses his wrists to plant an open face on the ball and lift it to the backward point boundary;
99.5;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run not as much width, but with Clarke happy to stay leg side of the ball and the length being short as well, he is able to cut to point;
99.4;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run shortish and outside off, Smith drills it to the left of cover;
99.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run full on off stump, but that strong bottom handed grip comes into play as he flicks wide of mid-on;
99.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run short and outside off, punched to cover;
99.1;4;Aaron to Smith, FOUR runs too full, too far down leg and Aaron has been clipped away to the fine leg boundary. What a gift;
98.6;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Smith looks the definition of the image that you get when you hear the phrase "batter up" - perched on his back foot, bat high over his shoulder and ready to belt the ball - only he doesn't;
98.5;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run shortish and a shade outside off, Clarke was looking to thread it through the off side and gets it off the inside edge;
98.4;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run good length ball on middle, Clarke blocks;
98.3;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run brings Clarke forward and makes him play because this was more middle and off. Inside edged to mid-on;
98.2;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run back of a length and angled in at the batsman, Clarke trusts the bounce and leaves it almost over off stump. Only almost though;
98.1;?;Sharma to Clarke, no run the length is just not quite full enough, Clarke has read it early, realises this poses no threat to his stumps and leaves;
97.6;?;Aaron to Smith, no run very brave leave from Smith as the good length ball darts back in and almost kisses off stump;
97.5;?;Aaron to Smith, no run sublime stroke, and yet he seemed to be walking into the cover drive on the up. As exquisite as the timing was, he fails to pick the gap;
97.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Smith defends from the crease;
97.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run 144kph, was it the extra pace that made the misstep? Smith goes for a flick to a full, leg-side delivery and gets a leading edge to point;
97.2;1;Aaron to Clarke, 1 run too full and his angle pushes the ball down leg, Clarke flicks calmly to deep square leg;
97.1;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run good length ball a shade outside off, defended;
96.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full on off stump, Smith drives to extra cover;
96.5;1;Sharma to Clarke, 1 run goes for a short ball and Clarke swivels on his back foot and pulls. Controls it much better this time as he jogs a single to deep square leg. The grimace is still there though;
96.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run shortish and outside off, Smith pushes it past short cover for an easy single;
96.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run the fuller length in a similar area outside off makes Smith come forward and block;
96.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run just short of a length and a shade outside off, Smith sizes up the line perfectly and leaves again;
96.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith is not keen on fishing;
95.6;?;Karn to Clarke, no run wanders down the track and clips it to silly mid-on, has to hurry back to make his ground. At least as quick as he could. Wonder if he even feels 60% out there...;
95.5;4;Karn to Clarke, FOUR runs short again, on the pads again and Clarke has swatted it away to the deep midwicket boundary. Short-armed jab that raced away;
95.4;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run this one is poor though. Perhaps he was afraid of the batsman coming down and slides a shorter delivery on the pads. Smith stays deep in his crease and clips to deep square leg;
95.3;?;Karn to Smith, no run pulls his length back just a bit and gets a touch of drift, enough to force Smith to be circumspect as he comes down;
95.2;1;Karn to Clarke, 1 run nips down and finds a run to mid-on, even if he was labouring quite badly for it. Did come down the track to help his cause;
95.1;?;Karn to Clarke, no run jumps down the track and hits the length ball back at the bowler;
94.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked;
94.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run just short of a good length and outside off, Smith though has been in long enough to leave that;
94.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, Smith is content to see it through to the keeper;
94.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fuller delivery outside off, invites a drive and Smith obliges. Rahane at short cover does well as well;
94.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, not bothered with;
94.1;1;Sharma to Clarke, 1 run banged in short and he is heard groaning quite badly on the stump mic. Manages to pull it and though to deep square leg. Might warrant a short leg for him. He's in obvious pain. Took a long while to run for that single. Pain apparent on his face on the slow mos;
93.6;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run too full, too straight and Clarke would prefer those with his inability to move his feet too easily. Flicked to deep square leg;
93.5;?;Shami to Clarke, no run back of a length and on off stump, defended;
93.4;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run tucked away off middle stump to deep square leg;
93.3;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run was looking to back away, but Shami follows him and clips between mid-on and midwicket;
93.2;?;Shami to Clarke, no run banged in short and it whistles past Clarke's left shoulder. "That's it, Shami" says the slip cordon;
93.1;4;Shami to Clarke, FOUR runs stand and deliver! That's mostly because he's hampered by his back, and you know what they say about injured batsman. Barely any footwork as he sways his body away from the line of a short ball and lifts it over backward point. Amazing shot.;
92.6;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs stands up tall and punches a shortish delivery to the cover boundary. Magnificent strike, power melding with possibly the text book definition of a back foot drive;
92.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fullish and a shade outside off, Smith pushes to mid-off;
92.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run full and close enough to off stump to make Smith push forward and block;
92.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run trademark length from Ishant as it is shortish and outside off, defended;
92.2;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs finally braves a fuller ball right at off stump and gets to see some pleasing signs. Smith was sort of falling over, wand there was a touch of gap between bat and pad as he was looking to force a drive. Gets an inside edge, which skews away to the deep square leg fence. That part might have been disheartening;
92.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run gets some lift outside off, but Smith has judged it well, shuffled across to protect his off stump and lets it go;
91.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run presents the open face to another widish shortish delivery and finds point;
91.5;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run banged in short and Smith has loaded up on the pull far too early. Gets an inside edge that scuttles past the keeper's left;
91.4;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run full and seeking off stump, Clarke backs away and guides the ball to the right of point. Beautiful timing again, if off a manufactured stroke, and Karn Sharma helps the bowler out by keeping it to a single;
91.3;2;Shami to Clarke, 2 runs sees the short ball early, and he pulls off the front foot. It comes on him a touch too quickly and at an awkward height. Gets a top edge over mid-on and he jogs through for a couple;
91.2;?;Shami to Clarke, no run shortish and a shade outside off, Clarke slices it in front of point. He seems to be quite economical with his footwork, in that he doesn't want to stretch his back too much;
91.1;4;Shami to Clarke, FOUR runs width again, India began like this to David Warner yesterday and have not learned. Clarke, bad back or not, cracks it through point. Hot Spot says it pinged right off the middle;
90.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run probes a fuller length and gets the ball to straighten as it is allowed to go through to the keeper outside the off stump;
90.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and just about wide enough for Smith to decide to shoulder arms very early;
90.4;?;Sharma to Smith, no run good length ball on and around off stump, Smith matches it with a defensive blade;
90.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run pushes his length fuller and a shade outside off, Smith does well not to be tempted;
90.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and closer to off stump, Smith gets across to its line and blocks;
90.1;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs terrible from India's best bowler from yesterday. Lollipop short ball with miles of width and Smith has flayed it away to the point boundary;
89.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run attempted bouncer to end the over and Clarke decides not to play at it. He wanted to though, and then jerked his torso away;
89.5;?;Shami to Clarke, no run teases him in the channel outside off and Clarke has opted for an on-the-up drive as he trusts the Adelaide pitch. Just enough movement with the new ball though beats him;
89.4;?;Shami to Clarke, no run shortish on off stump, defended and walks towards square leg. A little gingerly, actually;
89.3;?;Shami to Clarke, no run smooth drive from the Australia captain as he gets forward to a fuller ball outside off. Stopped by short cover;
89.2;W;Shami to Haddin, OUT there it is, India have ended the day on a high! Haddin was struggling around the off stump and this time the edge carries through to the keeper. Beautiful delivery, and that is what the new ball can do and then placing it in the right areas - on and around off stump with some late seam away;Brad Haddin c ?Saha b Mohammed Shami 0 (7m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
89.1;?;Shami to Haddin, no run fetches the outside edge off a good length delivery just outside off. Kohli dives to his left and keeps Haddin on strike. Gets an earnest pat on the back from Vijay;
88.6;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
88.5;?;Karn to Smith, no run gets some bounce, but Smith has judged the line well and leaves outside off;
88.4;?;Karn to Smith, no run fourth ball over the over, third time he uses his feet to reach out to the good length ball outside off;
88.3;?;Karn to Smith, no run skips down towards a good length ball outside off and blocks;
88.2;?;Karn to Smith, no run looped up just outside off, Smith is forward with a defensive bat;
88.1;?;Karn to Smith, no run tossed up on middle and Smith is down the track immediately with a flick to short midwicket;
87.6;2lb;Shami to Haddin, 2 leg byes goes wide of the crease and Haddin is able to work the angle to his advantage, clipped away to deep fine leg where Aaron gets a further workout. His hamstring will not appreciate that;
87.5;?;Shami to Haddin, no run good length ball on and around off stump, Haddin keeps it out;
87.4;?;Shami to Haddin, no run fullish on off stump and Haddin is forced to play. And so he does, a little gingerly. Hint of away movement there off the pitch;
87.3;W;Shami to Lyon, OUT through him! Shami has made an important break. It was a good length ball targeting middle. Lyon did not move forward enough to counter the ball moving back in and it takes an inside edge, gets the top flap of the pad and hits timber;Nathan Lyon b Mohammed Shami 3 (14m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 21.42;
87.2;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run good length ball on leg stump, Smith nudges it through to deep midwicket.;
87.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run fullish delivery on off stump, Smith gets in line with it and adjusts for the late away movement;
86.6;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run fullish on off stump, Lyon is forward to block. Aaron really is not feeling well out there. Barely any followthrough;
86.5;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run good shortish ball that. It's got good pace behind it as well and thuds into Saha's gloves as the batsman leaves outside off;
86.4;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run attempts a short ball, but it barely rises. And it has enough width for Lyon not to bother with;
86.3;3;Aaron to Smith, 3 runs low full toss on off stump, tapped down the ground and the batsman jog through for a third. India showing signs of weariness;
86.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, blocked;
86.1;?;Aaron to Smith, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Smith is solidly behind it;
85.6;?;Shami to Lyon, no run hits the back leg as he jags a back of a length delivery in off the straight. Lyon was shouldering arms, but it had struck him too high. Was in line with the stumps though;
85.5;?;Shami to Lyon, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
85.4;?;Shami to Lyon, no run there's the outside edge, but it falls short of a diving Saha! Gets the ball to straighten off a length and because it was full enough, the batsman was drawn into a drive. Faintest of edges, but as much as Saha dived forward, he could not reach it;
85.3;?;Shami to Lyon, no run fuller delivery outside off, Lyon lunges forward and shoulders arms;
85.2;?;Shami to Lyon, no run back of a length on off stump, Lyon keeps it out;
85.1;?;Shami to Lyon, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Lyon judges the line well and leaves;
84.6;3;Aaron to Lyon, 3 runs fuller delivery that's been met by a lovely full face of the bat from the nightwatchman. Ishant lumbers after it from mid-off, evidently tired after a very long day in the field for India's bowlers;
84.5;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run short and wide outside off, not bothered with. Aaron's hunched over, testing his hamstring. is he cramping? He wants to continue, it would seem;
84.4;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run bangs it in but Lyon pulls his gloves away and sways;
84.3;?;Aaron to Lyon, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
84.2;W;Aaron to Marsh, OUT taken at gully and Kohli throws the ball high up in the air. Extra bounce gets rid of Marsh. Tight line just outside off to force the batsman to push and the variation that a new cherry provides takes care of the rest. India desperately needed that;Mitchell Marsh c Kohli b Aaron 41 (106m 87b 5x4 0x6) SR: 47.12;
84.1;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run good length ball on middle, Marsh pushes to mid-on;
83.6;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
83.5;?;Shami to Smith, no run fuller delivery, with some appreciable cut back in. Dangerous leave from Smith and it flicks his pad as well. Mild appeal from India, almost a plea. But it would not have hit off stump;
83.4;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs banged in short and it barely rises up to his stomach, Smith pounces on it with a pull that races away to the midwicket boundary;
83.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, with a touch of movement away. Smith watches it through to the keeper;
83.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended down to mid-on;
83.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed down to mid-on;
82.6;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run fullish on off stump, Marsh checks his stroke pushes to mid-off;
82.5;?;Sharma to Marsh, no run fullish on off stump, pushed down the pitch;
82.4;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run shortish on off stump and cramps him up, Smith manages to tuck it away through midwicket;
82.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run shortish on off stump, pushed into the covers;
82.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
82.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed into the covers;
81.6;?;Shami to Marsh, no run fuller delivery on off stump, pushed to mid-off;
81.5;?;Shami to Marsh, no run fuller delivery outside off, left alone by Marsh;
81.4;?;Shami to Marsh, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
81.3;4;Shami to Marsh, FOUR runs short on middle with not enough pace behind it either. It was worth the attempt, but Marsh rocks back and pulls to the square leg boundary;
81.2;?;Shami to Marsh, no run good length ball on off stump, kept out;
81.1;?;Shami to Marsh, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
80.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
80.5;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fullish with a bit of curl back in on off stump, tucked to mid-on;
80.4;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs length on the pads again and it's been clipped to the square leg boundary. Easy runs these for Australia. Are India going to waste their second new ball as well. Smith raises his bat for the 63 not out as well, points to his armband as Adelaide stands up in applause;
80.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run lifter on middle and leg, Smith jumps inside the line of it and leaves.;
80.2;2;Sharma to Smith, 2 runs back of a length and on the thighs as Smith works it away to fine leg again;
80.1;4;Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs full and slid down leg and the first one of the new ball is sent packing to the fine leg boundary;
79.6;?;Shami to Marsh, no run good length ball outside off, shoulders arms;
79.5;?;Shami to Marsh, no run good length ball on off stump, pushed down to mid-on;
79.4;?;Shami to Marsh, no run good length ball on middle and off, pushed back down to mid-on;
79.3;2;Shami to Marsh, 2 runs good length ball on leg stump, clipped away to deep square leg;
79.2;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run shortish on off stump, tucked away past square leg;
79.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run full and slid way too far down leg, guess he hasn't warmed-up properly;
78.6;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run goes back and blocks to a good length ball outside off;
78.5;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run goes back and flicks to mid-on, and Rohit seems to get it on the finger tips;
78.4;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run goes back and punches to mid-on;
78.3;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run flighted outside off, pushed into the covers;
78.2;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run goes back to a fuller ball and pushes to mid-on;
78.1;?;Vijay to Marsh, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
77.6;?;Karn to Smith, no run;
77.5;?;Karn to Smith, no run nips down the track and pushes down to mid-off;
77.4;?;Karn to Smith, no run clipped to midwicket;
77.3;?;Karn to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, kept out;
77.2;1;Karn to Marsh, 1 run flighted on middle, Marsh pushes it back and hits the non-striker on the way through to the long-on fielder;
77.1;?;Karn to Marsh, no run tossed up on off stump, Marsh nips down the track to push down to mid-off;
76.6;?;Vijay to Smith, no run tossed up on middle and leg, Smith whips it away to midwicket where Karn throws himself and stops the single;
76.5;?;Vijay to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
76.4;1;Vijay to Marsh, 1 run tossed up on middle, pushed back down to long-on;
76.3;1;Vijay to Smith, 1 run;
76.2;?;Vijay to Smith, no run strays down leg, and clipped away past square leg;
76.1;?;Vijay to Smith, no run jumps down the track and works it away to midwicket;

Raj: "If it reverse a bit, why not bring Shami Back? He is out of the attack for a long duration now." Agarkar says, "No real reason why the new ball should not be taken. The quicks shouldn't be tired. the harder ball is the best chance. Even when the ball is reverseing, it's too soft and the batsman can adjust"
 Innings Start
11.35 am Australia have earned a 73-run lead after an hour and a half's worth of good work this morning. Nathan Lyon was going to be key with the Adelaide pitch roughing up. He's claimed three of the five wickets that fell today and has looked immensely impressive. India's bowlers will need to show they've settled down from the first-innings. Their batsmen haven't done too badly and will hope it wasn't all for naught
Scott : "Great fightback by the Australians this morning. Possibility of a result either way now. 45 minutes ago it looked like a dead game."
Sanat: "Quadruple Nelson does the magic!!"
Manoj Ravi: "Thoroughly enjoyed Shami's innings there. Good old fashioned tail ender cameo "
Jonathan: "Australia will have to bat like its a ODI if they want to get a result by the end of day 5."
116.4;W;Siddle to Shami, OUT taken at first slip! Great work by Watson there. It was a good length ball outside off and Shami, as has been his gameplan today, slogs. Gets a bottom edge that deflects to the cordon. Watson dives low to his left and pouches it;Mohammed Shami c Watson b Siddle 34 (32m 24b 3x4 1x6) SR: 141.66;
116.3;?;Siddle to Shami, no run full and outside off, Shami loads up for another slog without any footwork and misses extravagantly;
116.2;6;Siddle to Shami, SIX runs short delivery on off stump and Shami has slammed it miles over midwicket. He's no longer afraid of Siddle's pace, not when it sits up like that. Mitchell Marsh was on the boundary. But it lobbed him;
116.1;?;Siddle to Shami, no run fuller delivery on leg stump, Shami allows a clean line of sight at the stumps and denies Siddle with a straight bat;
115.6;2;Lyon to Aaron, 2 runs whacked down the ground after the tailender jumps down the ground. Mid-off manages to catch up with it and that's three runs;
115.5;1;Lyon to Shami, 1 run shortish and turning down leg as Shami belts it to deep square leg;
115.4;2;Lyon to Shami, 2 runs down the track again and he lofts Lyon inside out over the covers;
115.3;1;Lyon to Aaron, 1 run nips down the track and lifts the ball over Lyon's head;
115.2;1;Lyon to Shami, 1 run runs at him again and swings off his hips. Runs down to deep midwicket;
115.1;4;Lyon to Shami, FOUR runs runs down at Lyon and Shami has managed to nail this! He didn't quite get to the pitch, but I don't think that's a priority for Shami right now. He had enough room and so he capitalised;
114.6;?;Siddle to Aaron, no run fuller ball on off stump, Aaron steps forward and defends quite solidly;
114.5;3;Siddle to Shami, 3 runs over the keeper! It was the short ball and Shami has loaded up for the pull a little late though. Manages to place it at no-man's land around fine leg;
114.4;?;Siddle to Shami, no run back of a length on leg stump, Shami jumps across to flick the ball and only inside edges onto pad;
114.3;?;Siddle to Shami, no run length ball outside off, clears front leg like Steven Smith but he can't connect with the ball like Steven Smith;
114.2;?;Siddle to Shami, no run searing yorker on leg stump, keeps it out quite well.;
114.1;2;Siddle to Shami, 2 runs fuller delivery on off stump, Shami goes for a loft over mid-on and barely times it. The ball balloons off the closed face and Clarke makes a terrific one-handed attempt. Runs, dives to his left but it just about evades him;
113.6;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run flighted outside off, Aaron looks to drive towards mid-off and is kept quiet by the turn;
113.5;W;Lyon to Sharma, OUT bounce! Ishant has been done in! That's five for Lyon, and it's a beauty as well. Lovely tossed up off spinner that the batsman cannot reach on the front foot, leaps up to take the glove and land in short leg's hands;Ishant Sharma c Smith b Lyon 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
113.4;?;Lyon to Sharma, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
113.3;W;Lyon to Saha, OUT he's gone! Lyon keeps troubling everyone. But did it hit the bat? It was a gorgeous offspinner that brought the right-hander forward to block. The turn beats his inside edge, hits the pad and umpire Gould must think it kissed the glove on the way to first slip. I didn't see anything though...;Wriddhiman Saha c Watson b Lyon 25 (87m 68b 2x4 0x6) SR: 36.76;
113.2;?;Lyon to Saha, no run waits on the length ball and works it from off stump to short fine leg;
113.1;?;Lyon to Saha, no run good length ball on off stump, nudges to short leg;
112.6;?;Siddle to Shami, no run fuller ball on middle, gets in line and blocks into the off side;
112.5;2;Siddle to Shami, 2 runs short ball on middle, Shami has got down on one knee and tries to duck and leaves the periscope. And it rebounds off it past short leg;
112.4;?;Siddle to Shami, no run good length ball angled in on leg stump, Shami is not very keen to get in line with it and blocks with the open face;
112.3;1;Siddle to Saha, 1 run clipped behind square leg and Saha gets across to the other end. Shami has three to survive;
112.2;?;Siddle to Saha, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to cover. He's looked very good today, Saha;
112.1;?;Siddle to Saha, no run fullish on off stump, pushed back at mid-off. Solid straight face;
111.6;?;Lyon to Shami, no run flighted outside off, defended;
111.5;4;Lyon to Shami, FOUR runs dropped and six, is it? It was a huuuuge mis-hit. Shami has decided he cannot survive just defending and has launched the ball into the deep midwicket region. Siddle is the man there, backtracking with the reverse cup but it bursts through, goes off the brim of the cap and into the boundary on the bounce;
111.4;?;Lyon to Shami, no run looped up outside off, nudged into the covers;
111.3;?;Lyon to Shami, no run flighted outside off, lunges forward and blocks;
111.2;2;Lyon to Shami, 2 runs runs down the track and swings all across the line against a length ball. Would have been stumped by miles had the inside edge not connected, and it wasn't too far away from the short midwicket fielder either;
111.1;?;Lyon to Shami, no run tossed up outside off and Shami reaches out to block. Tailender against the turning ball;
110.6;?;Siddle to Saha, no run defended into the off side;
110.5;?;Siddle to Saha, no run full and outside off, Saha drills it to cover and it would have gone skipping to the boundary had it not been for Mitchell Marsh;
110.4;3;Siddle to Shami, 3 runs fullish on middle and Shami just about manages to get an outside edge. He prefers to stay leg side of the ball again;
110.3;4;Siddle to Shami, FOUR runs cracked behind point as he stays beside the line of a shortish delivery and his hands are quick enough to produce a rather eye-catching boundary. Makes Siddle smile broadly.;
110.2;W;Siddle to Karn, OUT bowled im! Kisses his black armband after landing a really full delivery that catches Karn on the crease and forces him to play across. The closed face misses, the ball crashes into middle;Karn Sharma b Siddle 4 (13m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
110.1;?;Siddle to Karn, no run he's shouldered arms to a straight ball! Siddle launches into an appeal and it looked very very close as well. Perhaps the ball might have just snaked down the off stump. And it pitched outside leg Hit the top flap of the pad and Erasmus is right;
109.6;1;Lyon to Karn, 1 run closer to off, he gets bat on it, a thick outside edge, wide of cover for a single;
109.5;?;Lyon to Karn, no run beaten outside off again;
109.4;?;Lyon to Karn, no run flighted outside off and Karn goes for a whippy drive through the covers and is beaten again. Beautiful bowling from Lyon, looping it up, luring the drive and deceiving him;
109.3;?;Lyon to Karn, no run huge appeal from the bowler as he sees the ball leaps past the outside edge. Haddin did not go up, so that was a giveaway. Bat hitting pad was the noise;
109.2;1;Lyon to Saha, 1 run jumps back to a shortish ball and slices it behind point. There was another run on offer, but Karn wasn't ready for it;
109.1;3;Lyon to Karn, 3 runs looped up on leg stump and Karn has nudged it past mid-on's right to pick up three runs to get off the mark in Test cricket;
108.6;?;Siddle to Saha, no run fuller delivery cutting back on off stump, defended;
108.5;?;Siddle to Saha, no run back of a length and outside off, Saha defends;
108.4;?;Siddle to Saha, no run good length ball outside off almost lures Saha into playing before that voice in his head yells "No!" and he listens;
108.3;2;Siddle to Saha, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Saha decides to reach out for it and guide the ball away behind point and India go past 400;
108.2;?;Siddle to Saha, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, turned away to short midwicket;
108.1;?;Siddle to Saha, no run good length ball outside off, Saha shoulders arms;
107.6;?;Lyon to Karn, no run tossed up on off stump, defended;
107.5;W;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, OUT he's caught it! What a soft dismissal! It was a loopy delivery outside off and Rohit has come down the track to try and nudge it away. But all he's managed is return the ball back into the bowler's hands. Lyon had to dive to his right off his followthrough and just about holds on. Australia badly wanted that;Rohit Sharma c & b Lyon 43 (142m 89b 5x4 0x6) SR: 48.31;
107.4;4;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs jumps down the track and lofts Lyon over mid-on. Sparkling footwork from Rohit as he reaches the pitch and then swings his hands through the line. Very good stroke;
107.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up outside off to bring Rohit forward and block. Lovely line and length from Lyon;
107.2;1;Lyon to Saha, 1 run a bit short and his footwork is quick enough to push him back, get beside the ball and punch through point;
107.1;?;Lyon to Saha, no run goes back to a good length ball and turns it away past short leg's left;
106.6;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run cuts back in quite sharply off a good length and Rohit defends. Just about;
106.5;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, Rohit prefers to block off the front foot;
106.4;3;Siddle to Saha, 3 runs gorgeous! It was a touch too full and the curl on only helps Saha as he taps the ball down the ground and times it away for three runs. Making a case for his own Game Plan video;
106.3;?;Siddle to Saha, no run back of a length on off stump, Saha defends and almost had to adjust. He's been playing balls at over 140kph, and this was 132 kph;
106.2;?;Siddle to Saha, no run opts for a short ball and Saha's spotted it early. Sinks to his knees, drops his wrists and he needed to do so because the ball doesn't bounce too much. Beautiful technique again;
106.1;?;Siddle to Saha, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended to short midwicket;
105.6;1;Lyon to Saha, 1 run a touch short but he is spinning the ball enough to make Saha wait and then play with a straighter bat into the covers;
105.5;?;Lyon to Saha, no run looped up outside off, defended capably;
105.4;2;Lyon to Saha, 2 runs a bit more bounce than Saha expected as he rocked back to try and cut from the stumps, but he adjusts, softens his hands and runs it down to third man;
105.3;?;Lyon to Saha, no run tossed up on a length, Saha goes back and works it to short fine leg;
105.2;?;Lyon to Saha, no run a touch short and way outside off, but the rip in makes the ball threaten middle stump and Saha punches to cover;
105.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run swept first ball to deep square leg. Picked it off a length, he should be careful in case there is some extra bounce;
104.6;?;Johnson to Saha, no run teases him outside off with the fuller length, Saha is wary of the threat and lets it go to the keeper;
104.5;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back of a length on leg, Saha tucks it to mid-on;
104.4;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back of a length and outside off, left for Haddin;
104.3;4;Johnson to Saha, FOUR runs beautiful stroke from Saha. He's looked sharp on the front foot this morning and this was overpitched outside off. Driven sweetly through cover;
104.2;?;Johnson to Saha, no run full and outside off, Saha taps it to mid-off;
104.1;4;Johnson to Saha, FOUR runs juicy full toss outside off, Saha throws his bat at it and picks up the first boundary of the morning through extra cover. Almost seemed surprised by the run-scoring opportunity, but managed to capitalise;
103.6;1;Harris to Saha, 1 run back of a length and tucking him up on middle and leg, Saha is a little worried by the bounce as he tucks it away behind square leg;
103.5;?;Harris to Saha, no run another bouncer outside off, Saha sways away;
103.4;?;Harris to Saha, no run full on off stump, defended stoutly off the front foot;
103.3;1;Harris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run banged in short and Rohit has to drag it from outside off with his hook, off the front foot as well. Not in control of the stroke and it was played purely on instinct. Top bowling;
103.2;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller delivery outside off, Rohit drives to mid-off;
103.1;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run ducks back in off the pitch and Rohit manages an inside edge onto his thigh. Ryno creating some nerves;
102.6;?;Johnson to Saha, no run makes him jump off his toes to negotiate this shortish delivery on off stump at 141 kph. The accuracy this morning has been something special;
102.5;?;Johnson to Saha, no run 141kph fullish on off stump, Saha defends quite solidly;
102.4;?;Johnson to Saha, no run fullish and skidding onto off stump, Saha presents a full face to it;
102.3;?;Johnson to Saha, no run seeks the yorker on off stump, at 139 kph, Saha bunts it down to mid-off;
102.2;?;Johnson to Saha, no run stays beside the shortish ball and punches it into the covers;
102.1;?;Johnson to Saha, no run pushes Saha back with a 142 kph short ball on off stump that gets a lot of clapping from Clarke and the Australia fielders. Defended;
101.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run brings down the angled face on a fuller ball seeking off stump and drives to cover;
101.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on fourth stump, Rohit defends;
101.4;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run full on middle, Rohit nudges to short midwicket;
101.3;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball at 143kph outside off, Rohit leaves wisely;
101.2;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump and that's when Rohit should come forward and push down the ground, as he does;
101.1;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball outside off brings Rohit across to block, the sound of bat hitting pad tempts an appeal. Should be tighter there;
100.6;?;Johnson to Saha, no run another short ball pushed across Saha, doesn't lure him into playing this time either;
100.5;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back of a length and only a shade outside off, Saha trusts the angle from the left-armer and the bounce on this pitch and leaves;
100.4;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish on off stump, Rohit stands up tall to drop the ball into the off side with soft hands and races off to the other end;
100.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run loooose! Johnson teases out the poke from Rohit outside his off stump, but cannot get the outside edge. Are they feeding India's batsmen with drivable balls so that they'd err when the good length comes down?;
100.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball outside off, Rohit will not bother with it;
100.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run strays into the overpitched area with his length and Rohit drives to cover;
99.6;?;Harris to Saha, no run fuller delivery outside off brings Saha forward to block;
99.5;?;Harris to Saha, no run back of a length and outside off, Saha's judgment is top class. Covers his stumps and leaves it outside his eyeline;
99.4;1;Harris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run punched to mid-off and Rohit makes it across to the other end. Australia are exploring a lovely, fuller length again;
99.3;1;Harris to Saha, 1 run fullish with a hint of tail in and Saha lunges forward and times a drive between cover and mid-off for a single;
99.2;?;Harris to Saha, no run good length ball seeking the nick off to slip, Saha won't oblige;
99.1;?;Harris to Saha, no run gets a strong front foot stride and plays a cover drive off a fuller ball outside off;
98.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run teasing line outside off but Rohit won't be tempted;
98.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run bouncer, but it was directed down leg stump and Rohit has an easy leave;
98.4;3;Johnson to Saha, 3 runs hint of movement away and it lures Saha's outside edge off a drive that was intended into the covers. Beats Warner in the gully and they snare three before second slip catches up with it;
98.3;?;Johnson to Saha, no run 140kph, just back of a length on middle, Saha is solidly behind it;
98.2;?;Johnson to Saha, no run full on off stump, Saha blocks it into the covers. But gee, that bat takes a beating when the Johnson-powered ball strikes it;
98.1;?;Johnson to Saha, no run fuller delivery armed with the left-armer's angle across, Saha does not bother with it;
97.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run the sound that excites the Aussies was bat hitting pad as Ryano straightens a fuller delivery on fifth stump and beats Rohit again. Haddin didn't appeal though;
97.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run holds its line this time! Lovely set up from Ryano, and he'd have been pleased with Rohit poking with an open face without moving his front foot across. Only thing missing for the bowler was the outside edge;
97.4;2;Harris to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs that tail in began off a straighter line this time and Rohit is able to clip it behind square leg. Well played;
97.3;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run jams a yorker on off stump, and it's threat is enhanced with some inward movement as well. Rohit plays late and digs it out;
97.2;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run some inswing on offer for Harris, as there was last evening as well. Rohit leans forward and drives with an open face into the covers;
97.1;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run perfect line with just enough cut back in at Rohit and he is in a spot of bother while trying to tuck the ball to midwicket;
96.6;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back over the wicket, Saha pushes it to cover and the umpires call time;
96.5;?;Johnson to Saha, no run banged in short and at the body - quite an acute angle, actually -, Saha veers away and realises he also has to pull his bottom hand off the bat. Brilliant leave;
96.4;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back of a length and outside off, let through to the keeper;
96.3;?;Johnson to Saha, no run sees the short ball early and Saha arches himself back and away from the line of the ball. Love that he always keeps his eyes on the ball and doesn't turn his back on the bouncer;
96.2;?;Johnson to Saha, no run 141kph, good length ball on the stumps, Saha defends gingerly;
96.1;?;Johnson to Saha, no run yorker outside off, Saha digs it out;
95.6;1;Lyon to Saha, 1 run four men around the bat, and one of them was in business. Saha was itching to get off the mark as he leans forward and clips the flighted ball past short leg. It went uppishly as well;
95.5;?;Lyon to Saha, no run presses forward to block outside off and the turn takes the inside edge down the pitch;
95.4;?;Lyon to Saha, no run goes back as he sees the length shorter and taps it to leg gully;
95.3;?;Lyon to Saha, no run tossed up outside off and smothers the spin;
95.2;?;Lyon to Saha, no run flighted outside off, Saha lunges forward to block;
95.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stands up tall and punches a shortish delivery from outside off down to mid-on;
94.6;?;Johnson to Saha, no run right up there on off stump, Saha is careful as he drives to mid-off;
94.5;?;Johnson to Saha, no run back of a length on middle, Saha is firmly on the back foot and nudges it away;
94.4;?;Johnson to Saha, no run another short ball on middle and off, drops his wrists and lets it go through to the keeper;
94.3;?;Johnson to Saha, no run another shortish ball on and around off stump and Saha has sunk to his knees and sways away quite extravagantly;
94.2;?;Johnson to Saha, no run welcomes him with a bouncer that hits Saha on the gloves even as he was trying to sway away from the line. Johnson looks to be back. Did not give the batsman anything to work with and Saha did well to pull the bottom hand off and ensure it falls by his feet;
94.1;W;Johnson to Kohli, OUT down the throat of deep fine leg and Johnson has picked the big wicket! It's the bouncer again, it's on middle, it came at the batsman too early and the top edge swirls to Ryan Harris who rushes in and dives forward to take it. The front-foot check looks scary, but Johnson has a couple of millimeters behind the line;Virat Kohli c Harris b Johnson 115 (267m 184b 12x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
93.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted on off stump, Kohli drives to long-on and wants two. Not there.;
93.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length ball just outside off, defended;
93.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flatter delivery on off stump, defended;
93.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run stays a touch low this time, but with the ball turning a bit too far down leg, Kohli is able to clip it behind square leg;
93.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off and Rohit works it down to mid-on;
93.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flatter delivery on middle and leg, Rohit sweeps a little dangerously and is lucky for it to fall short of short fine leg;
92.6;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run attempts a bouncer and Rohit hops back and pulls to deep square leg. It was uppish, but there was no one in the vicinity to take advantage;
92.5;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run banged in short, but Kohli swivels on the back foot and pulls quite well to deep square leg;
92.4;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run full and wide, Kohli reaches out and drives to cover;
92.3;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run pushed across Kohli at 139 kph, Kohli shoulders arms again;
92.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball on off stump, defended to mid-off;
92.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball outside off, gets forward and leaves;
91.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run was there an inside edge? Rohit looks for the sweep again, but this one kicks a bit more and loops over the keeper. Slips tries to reach it, but fails;
91.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run pushed down the ground to long-on;
91.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a flatter ball on off stump and clips to square leg;
91.3;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball outside off, Rohit gets down on one knee and sweeps powerfully to deep square leg;
91.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run looped up outside off and he lunges forward to pad up and weathers a particularly strong appeal. There was some sharp turn and Rohit was pushing forward as far as he could as well. Might have been high and HawkEye says it would have been clipping. Very close call for Rohit;
91.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run comes down the track, and yet he can't reach the pitch. Lyon, as he has been doing all day, gets some turn and bounce and hits the bat rather high and veered away past the right of the cut strip;
90.6;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, Kohli gets across to block it;
90.5;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run fuller delivery outside off, Kohli drives at the bowler;
90.4;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run shortish and outside off, Kohli blocks down the pitch;
90.3;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run goes short on off stump, but Rohit has enough time to pull and keep it down to deep square leg;
90.2;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish and outside off, Rohit drives with a straight bat into the off side;
90.1;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, Rohit nudges to short midwicket;
89.6;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run well played, lined up the flighted ball outside off and realised he has enough room to sweep and keep it along the ground to deep square leg;
89.5;4;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs jumps down the track, turns a flighted ball into a full toss and lifts it over the top of the bowler. Wonderfully batting;
89.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up outside off and Rohit lunges forward to block again. This time he gets an inside edge;
89.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run huuuuge appeal as Rohit hides his bat behind pad. But umpire Gould shakes his head. Had a big stride and perhaps the turn might have taken it down leg. And there was a puff of dust as well. Oh, HawkEye says it would bounce over the top of middle;
89.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, Kohli rolls his wrists on the ball to pick up a single to mid-on;
89.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off, Kohli attempts to turn the ball past short leg but he is unable to get to the pitch of the ball. A bit of turn makes it go off the inside edge to short fine leg;
88.6;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run comes forward to a fuller delivery outside off and blocks.;
88.5;2;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs good length ball outside off, Rohit opens the face of the bat and steers it behind point;
88.4;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish and outside off, Rohit runs it to point;
88.3;3;Siddle to Kohli, 3 runs full on off stump, Kohli waits on it and then rolls his wrists at the perfect moment to send the ball racing past Michael Clarke at mid-on;
88.2;1;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of a length and outside off, Rohit pushes to the left of cover and sets off;
88.1;?;Siddle to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, defended;
87.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tries to whip a loopy ball from off stump to square leg, but short leg is in the middle;
87.5;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gets down the track and taps a flighted ball down to mid-on;
87.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run he manages to get appreciable turn off the new ball as well, Rohit waits for it and clips it to fine leg;
87.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up on middle, Rohit nudges it towards short leg;
87.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run strays down leg this time and Kohli is quick to go back and whip the ball past short fine leg;
87.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run starts off with a flatter ball on off stump which Kohli works to square leg;
86.6;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on leg stump, Rohit looks to close the face and gets a little outside edge;
86.5;4;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs length ball lambasted over midwicket. How easily did he do that, picked up the gimme ball early and has collected a boundary that was offered to him on a platter;
86.4;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball outside off, not bothered with;
86.3;4;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs curls in late, but it's a half volley. Rohit pounces on it with a flick that screams away to the square leg boundary;
86.2;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish and outside off, Rohit punches it to cover;
86.1;3;Marsh to Kohli, 3 runs quality stroke from Kohli again as he brings down a straight face on a fuller ball and sees it race away past the bowler. All he wants to do is time the ball;
85.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on middle, Rohit plays the angle as he looks towards midwicket and gets a leading edge. But he ensures his hands held the bat softly and the ball bounces before reaching the bowler;
85.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run stands up behind a shortish ball outside off and pushes to cover;
85.4;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Rohit plays late and steers it to point;
85.3;1lb;Harris to Kohli, 1 leg bye full and slanted at the pads, and hits it with Kohli looking to flick. Secures a single before square leg can catch up with it;
85.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run short of a length and outside off, kept out;
85.1;?;Harris to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, left well alone;
84.6;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run oopsy, there's the lazy drive on the up and Marsh is able to jag the ball away off a good length to beat him. Rohit was walking into the shot as well.;
84.5;?;Marsh to Rohit Sharma, no run shortish on off stump, worked to midwicket;
84.4;1;Marsh to Kohli, 1 run shortish on off stump, worked to the right of mid-on and races across to the other end again;
84.3;2;Marsh to Kohli, 2 runs worked away past mid-on and the placement is fine enough to take a couple of runs;
84.2;4;Marsh to Kohli, FOUR runs beautiful stroke and that's the century for Kohli! Points to his helmet and yells out "Come on!" and raises his bat up at the sky. It was a gimme ball, full and on the pads and clipped away to the midwicket boundary;
84.1;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run good length ball in the off stump channel, defended;
83.6;2;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs leans into a checked drive and his gift of timing allows him to collect a couple of runs through the covers. Too full and wide from Johnson;
83.5;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run 142kph, another short ball, this one better directed and the pace is up as well. Kohli has to leap off the turf and tuck it through square leg;
83.4;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run bouncer at 135 kph, Kohli was set up for the pull like Clarke often is and then decides not to go through with the threat;
83.3;2;Johnson to Kohli, 2 runs shortish on the hips of Kohli and he nudges it to deep fine leg, sees Harris down there and immediately realises there is two on offer;
83.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run shortish and slid across the right-hander who guides it to gully;
83.1;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs smashed to the midwicket boundary, off the front foot! How is that against a 142 kph short ball. Although apart from the pace, it had nothing. Sat up to be slammed;
82.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish on off stump, Rohit carefully pushes to mid-on;
82.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run banged in short and Rohit has lots of time to duck under it;
82.4;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off stump, Rohit drives off the bottom of the bat to mid-off;
82.3;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run good length ball on middle, Kohli flicks it to deep fine leg;
82.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run full on off stump, Kohli closes the face again and the ball skews away into the covers. Straighter bat needed;
82.1;?;Harris to Kohli, no run back of a length on off stump, Kohli desperately wants to counterattack against the new ball. Goes for a flick and gets a bit of an edge into the off side;
81.6;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run on the pads and Kohli is able to work it behind square leg and retain strike;
81.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball which is tighter on off stump, defended;
81.4;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs this time off the back foot and that's the second boundary off the over. Kohli did say India would handle Johnson and he is leading the way. Back of a length delivery has been punched off the middle of the bat through the covers. Lack of sideways movement from Johnson means Kohli can hit through the line without any worry;
81.3;2;Johnson to Kohli, 2 runs width on offer and Kohli has slapped it through the covers. Not quite enough room for him to play that shot, which is why he mistimes it;
81.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run shortish on the body and Kohli works it away off his hips to square leg;
81.1;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs how lovely must that feel. First ball he faces off the new cherry and he sends it packing to the cover boundary. Johnson bowls fuller and across the right-hander and it is met with a solid front-foot drill;
80.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run there it is, that's why Australia took the new ball and gave it to Harris. Hits a good length just outside off to lure Rohit into a front foot block and then jags the ball away past the outside edge;
80.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller delivery on off stump, drives at mid-off;
80.4;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run strays on the pads and Rohit clips him to square leg. Looks intent not to push with hard hands, does Rohit. But he's not yet been tested in the off stump channel;
80.3;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fuller delivery a shade outside off and Rohit gets an outside edge which drops short of the cordon;
80.2;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run left well alone again as Harris gets the ball to move away from outside off;
80.1;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run swing straight away, and though it's quite full Harris has slanted it a bit too far across to interest Rohit;
79.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tucked away to short midwicket and that might be drinks, I think;
79.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off, Kohli pushes forward to block into the covers;
79.4;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up outside off and brings Rohit to drive with an angled face for a single in front of point;
79.3;4;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs swept from well outside off and he's found the gap between fine leg and square leg. He does time the ball quite well, so I guess that's what happened because he barely hit it;
79.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run goes back and clips a flatter ball past short leg;
79.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off to draw Kohli forward, gets the inside edge but his low hands keeps the ball down;
78.6;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and seaming back in, Rohit blocks from the crease with visible gap between bat and pad. Inside edges it;
78.5;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run too full and curling in, Kohli waits on it and clips to deep fine leg to bring up India's three-hundred;
78.4;?;Watson to Kohli, no run opens the face against a shortish ball outside off and runs it down towards point. Uncertainty between the two new partners, who are often prone to run-outs, means they take the safer route and decide against the single;
78.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run fullish on off stump, Kohli has tapped it back at the bowler again. That's what you have to do on a pitch like this, play with a straight bat;
78.2;?;Watson to Kohli, no run full and straight, flicked away to midwicket;
78.1;?;Watson to Kohli, no run that's the second time he's broken the stumps at the non-strikers'. Lovely timing again as he leaned forward to a fuller ball and presented a gorgeous straight face;
77.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flatter and quicker on middle, Rohit is back to block;
77.5;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run tossed up on off stump, Rohit closes his face a bit too early and gets an outside edge. But he was playing with soft hands;
77.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run nips forward to a flighted ball outside off, defended;
77.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run worked through square leg to the man in the deep;
77.2;3;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs rare full toss from Lyon and Rohit has pushes it through extra cover and collects three runs. Good work between the wickets;
77.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, swatted away to long-on;
76.6;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length on off stump, Rohit taps to short midwicket;
76.5;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Rohit guides it to gully;
76.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run leans into a push to mid-off as Watson bowls full and outside off;
76.3;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run full on leg stump, Rohit has casually clipped it to square leg;
76.2;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball outside off, comes forward to block;
76.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, Rohit pokes with an open face and gets an outside edge to first slip. Soft hands though keeps the ball down;
75.6;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run swept, one of the few we have seen from the Indians today as Rohit takes a flighted ball on off stump and sends it to deep square leg;
75.5;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run presses forward to block a flighted delivery outside off;
75.4;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off and blocked into the off side;
75.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off and Rohit is forward with a block;
75.2;W;Lyon to Rahane, OUT unplayable! That leaped up off a good length and Rahane, having gone back to block, is thoroughly stunned. he does not know where the ball went after taking his glove. and finally realises he is caught by slip running to his left. What a time to strike, the new ball is right around the corner;Ajinkya Rahane c Watson b Lyon 62 (111m 76b 10x4 0x6) SR: 81.57;
75.1;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run appeal for a catch at short leg, but there wasn't any bat involved. Acrobatic effort from Warner there as he leaps high to his left and clings on;
74.6;?;Smith to Kohli, no run goes back to a fullish delivery but is able to punch to the ball to short leg;
74.5;1;Smith to Rahane, 1 run a bit short and a bit wide, Rahane backs away and cuts to the sweeper;
74.4;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run flighted and angled in on the pads, Kohli works it wide of mid-on;
74.3;1;Smith to Rahane, 1 run loads of flight and it dips to become a yorker, Rahane works it away through midwicket;
74.2;?;Smith to Rahane, no run length ball angled in on middle and turning away. Rahane blocks well;
74.1;2;Smith to Rahane, 2 runs flighted on the pads, not where he'd want to land it as Rahane clips towards fine leg;
73.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run length and outside off, Kohli goes back and clips to short leg;
73.5;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run flighted on middle and Rahane rolls his wrists on top of the ball and pushes to mid-on;
73.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run turn from outside off, but Rahane has jumped back and accounted for it with a punch into the covers;
73.3;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run presses forward and keeps bat and pad together, and his hands are low as well to defend the flighted ball outside off;
73.2;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run flighted on off stump, Rahane is forward to block;
73.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run stays back to a flatter ball on leg stump and worked away to deep square leg;
72.6;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run short and wide, without much turn. Kohli chops it away to the sweeper;
72.5;1;Smith to Rahane, 1 run shortish and outside off, punched into the covers;
72.4;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run worked away through midwicket;
72.3;1;Smith to Rahane, 1 run beautiful flight from Smith and he corrects his line. This is on off stump, and Rahane is able to drive inside out through the covers;
72.2;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run looped up on leg stump, Kohli taps it towards mid-on;
72.1;?;Smith to Kohli, no run tossed up on middle and Kohli keeps it out;
71.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run goes back to a length ball on off stump and blocks.;
71.5;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs whipped down the ground. The dominant bottom hand comes into play for Kohli as he lines up a flighted ball and thumps it past mid-on;
71.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run a bit short and Kohli has swatted it away, but hits short leg. Warner is the man under the lid;
71.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run almost gets too close to the ball with his shimmy and drills it back at Lyon;
71.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a length ball and works it past short leg;
71.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run gets down the track to a flighted ball on off stump and blocks;
70.6;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, Kohli works it to deep midwicket;
70.5;3;Smith to Rahane, 3 runs short and wide now, so Rahane has backed away and slapped it through extra cover. Chris Rogers has a lot of distance to cover to his left, pulls out a desperate dive and seems to have flicked the ball back. Has he? Yep! Top work;
70.4;?;Smith to Rahane, no run he's hit his length now. Beautiful flight on the ball as it drops on middle and Rahane comes forward to block;
70.3;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run flighted on off stump and Kohli stays leg side of the ball to drive inside out through the covers;
70.2;?;Smith to Kohli, no run full toss second ball and Kohli has driven it straight at short cover;
70.1;4;Smith to Kohli, FOUR runs long hop to start off with and Kohli has slapped it to the left of mid-on. Smith would know that stroke quite well, the flat-batted thump;
69.6;2;Lyon to Rahane, 2 runs shot! Good stride forward to get to the pitch of the ball and caressed the ball past mid-off's right. He looks very pleasing when he's relies on his timing;
69.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off and Kohli leans forward to work the ball with the turn to wide mid-on. All the batsmen have run between the wickets strikingly well;
69.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off and Kohli was set up to lash it down the ground. Lyon's outstretched hand intervenes though;
69.3;1;Lyon to Rahane, 1 run goes back and rides the bounce on a shortish delivery through point and gets the single he needs for his fifty. And it's been an eventful one;
69.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted on off stump, nudged to mid-on;
69.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run lovely bowling. He tosses the ball up into the rough outside off and draws Kohli into pushing with his hands outside off;
68.6;?;Siddle to Rahane, no run gets up with a short ball and taps it past gully and searches for the single that would bring him another Test fifty, but Kohli is not too keen. Think there was a single there, really;
68.5;?;Siddle to Rahane, no run dug in short and outside off, Rahane sways away;
68.4;4;Siddle to Rahane, FOUR runs what a lovely punch! It was a 118 kph delivery which was short and wide as well. Rahane stood up tall behind it and powered it away with his bottom hand.;
68.4;1w;Siddle to Rahane, 1 wide banged in way too short and Rahane barely even had to duck. Umpire Erasmus says that was too high;
68.3;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run stands up tall behind a shortish delivery outside off and punched down to mid-on;
68.2;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run keeps digging it short and Kohli swivels on the back foot to pull to square leg;
68.1;1;Siddle to Rahane, 1 run shortish and outside off, Rahane guides the ball off the back foot to deep square leg;
67.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tapped to short leg again as he goes back to a flatter delivery outside off;
67.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run stays back and clips a good length ball towards short leg;
67.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length ball skidding in off the pitch. Kohli plants an open face down on it and guides it past slip;
67.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flat and snaking down leg, Kohli looks to pull it away but it isn't as short as he expected. Finds short fine leg;
67.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a good lengt hball and taps it to short leg;
67.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted on off stump and Kohli is forward to smother it;
66.6;?;Siddle to Rahane, no run pulled to the man who seems to be at a leg gully position for the short-pitched bowling;
66.5;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run good bouncer on middle and Kohli is in some discomfort as he tries to pull. Ends up fending it away behind square leg;
66.4;1;Siddle to Rahane, 1 run banged in and outside off, Rahane pulls off the front foot to deep square leg;
66.3;?;Siddle to Rahane, no run third short ball on the trot, but its been slid down leg and Rahane shoulders arms;
66.2;4;Siddle to Rahane, FOUR runs in the air and Lyon charges in from the square leg boundary and throws himself forward in hopes of catching the top edge, but it drops short of him and runs away to the boundary;
66.1;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run shortish and outside off, pulled and kept down to deep square leg. He was on the front foot as well. Looks like Kohli's not troubled by the pace anymore;
65.6;?;Harris to Rahane, no run lands the yorker on off stump and it's dug out;
65.5;4;Harris to Rahane, FOUR runs short and wide, Rahane was waiting for it. Camped on the back foot and crashed through point. Lyon was the man diving to his right, slaps the turf in frustration;
65.4;2;Harris to Rahane, 2 runs invites the drive through the off side and Rahane's timing is alive and kicking. Johnson goes for a slide and parries the ball away to gift a couple;
65.3;?;Harris to Rahane, no run fullish on off stump, Rahane uses his wrists and turns it to square leg to bring up the fifty partnership. Third of the innings, I guess;
65.2;4;Harris to Rahane, FOUR runs looks to hit a yorker on off stump, Rahane tried to jam his bat down. Gets a bit of a bottom edge, bounces and then leapfrogs the keeper! Bizarre!;
65.1;?;Harris to Rahane, no run fullish on and around off stump, Rahane is forward with a defensive bat;
64.6;1;Siddle to Rahane, 1 run goes for the short ball and Rahane is happy to pull and keep it down to fine leg;
64.5;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run fullish on off stump, Kohli is able to work the ball away with the angle to deep fine leg;
64.4;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run back of a good length and outside off, Kohli plants his front leg across and leaves;
64.3;1;Siddle to Rahane, 1 run a bit too straight and Rahane gets outside the line and clips the ball behind square leg;
64.2;?;Siddle to Rahane, no run presses forward to a length ball outside off and blocks;
64.1;4;Siddle to Rahane, FOUR runs driven smartly through the covers and his timing is stunning. Took the good length ball on the up and plays through the line;

James Knowles: "I went along to the WACA for an hour last night and saw Shaun Marsh hit 5 boundaries off a Dan Christian over. He looked in good touch. Would people be happy for him to be given another go if Pup can't make Brisbane? Who else?"
 Innings Start
6.00 pm Australia's lead sits at 363, and you can add a few more to that since it will be a fifth day pitch and they seem to have a sharper attack. India though have some classy batsmen who will be backing themselves to last however long they need to. Join the debate with Stuart MacGill and Ajit Agarkar on Match Point. There were a few spicy incidents, tempers were flaring, bowlers were tiring, batsmen were ruling. It was compelling cricket and the end should be just as much, or maybe more so. Join us again tomorrow at 10.00 am to see how things pan out.
Tanay Paliwal: "Don't know if India deserves to win this match with such bowling effort. I think draw would be the best result based on how both teams have played. Australia should win this, if at all, purely based on how amazingly they have batted and how beautifully Lyon has bowled. The best result for India is a draw after a just ok bowling performance."
Alan: "The over rate is a disgrace" Yep, seven overs have been lost. They needed to bowl 98 today but could not
Pankaj: "Alex..quite an interesting tactic. Just realized that Cricinfo can also be a good source of learning off the field cricketing tactics" We're your one-stop-shop for everything cricket!
68.6;1;Shami to Haddin, 1 run shortish on off stump, worked to long leg and that's time;
68.5;2;Shami to Haddin, 2 runs shortish and outside off, Haddin slices it to deep third man;
68.4;4;Shami to Haddin, FOUR runs clipped past the diving Saha and the bottom edge is enough to get the better of a full, reverse swinging ball on leg;
68.3;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run shortish delivery, clipped away to long leg;
68.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run short ball, belted down the ground and hits the stumps. Haddin had raced down the pitch thinking it had long passed the umpire. Suddenly has to stop and race back. Shami grabs the ball and tries to rip the stumps off the perch, but it doesn't come off! Has a smile at the end of it all;
68.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
67.6;?;Sharma to Haddin, no run walks at the bowler and blocks a shortish delivery on off stump;
67.5;?;Sharma to Haddin, no run back of a length and outside off, Haddin tries to slice the ball to third man but misses again;
67.4;?;Sharma to Haddin, no run good length ball a shade outside off, Haddin tries to slog it to deep midwicket but is beaten and gets a thigh pad through to the keeper;
67.3;?;Sharma to Haddin, no run length ball slid down leg, Hadding tries to lift it over fine leg but is struck on the pads;
67.2;1;Sharma to Smith, 1 run shortish on leg stump, Smith makes room and slaps it behind point. "Come back, come back, come back" is the cry, but there can't be two here;
67.1;1;Sharma to Haddin, 1 run length on middle and leg, swung away to deep midwicket;
66.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run loads of flight and width outside off, because he had spotted Smith coming down and making room. Succeeds in getting an inside edge and keeping him quiet;
66.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Haddin, 1 run short and wide, Haddin has cracked it to the sweeper;
66.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Haddin, no run goes back to try and tap a shortish delivery past slip, isn't able to;
66.3;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run stays back despite there is a lot of flight and cuts the ball to deep point. That's fifty for Smith;
66.2;2;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 2 runs nips down and taps the ball down to long-on and he's stolen a couple of runs;
66.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run flighted outside off, Smith goes for a reverse sweep and it bounced before reaching the keeper's gloves. Magnificent reflexes from Saha;
65.6;?;Karn to Haddin, no run misses a full toss outside off because he was looking to slog it over midwicket;
65.5;4;Karn to Haddin, FOUR runs short and wide, cut away to the deep point boundary. Why would you bowl that to the new batsman?;
65.4;?;Karn to Haddin, no run appeal for stumping as Karn manages a big legspinner to beat Haddin. He was inching out of the crease and went at the ball even if he hadn't reached the pitch. There is loads of turn off this pitch and his back foot seems on the line, before he pushes it back by the time Saha broke the stumps;
65.3;3;Karn to Smith, 3 runs beats point with the reverse sweep, but Vijay does well to hunt it down. It was length on off stump and was belted away. Beautifully quick hands from Smith;
65.2;1;Karn to Haddin, 1 run clipped off the back foot to deep square leg. Too quick and too flat again;
65.1;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run gets down the track and stays beside the ball, which is a touch flat and outside off. Sliced to deep point;
64.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Haddin, no run shortish outside off, Haddin works it to short midwicket;
64.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run good length ball to which Smith dances down and chips to long-on;
64.4;W;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, OUT caught in the deep! He had run down the track, got down on his knee and slugged the ball hoping to beat long-on but holes out to the man. Adelaide sends him back with loads of claps.;Mitchell Marsh c Vijay b RG Sharma 40 (21m 26b 4x4 3x6) SR: 153.84;
64.3;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run poor, poor ball miles down the leg side and Smith manages to sweep it to short fine leg;
64.2;2;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 2 runs goes back and taps a shortish ball to third man and there's another two;
64.1;2;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 2 runs nope says Smith who runs down the track and lifts a flighted delivery from leg stump over point;
63.6;6;Karn to Marsh, SIX runs pounded over the man at long-off. What a striker! Gets down on one knee and shoveled the ball down the ground. Pure, breathtaking power;
63.5;2;Karn to Marsh, 2 runs short and wide this time and marsh has cracked it to deep point for a couple, which means Marsh is back on strike and the applause in Adelaide loves it;
63.4;6;Karn to Marsh, SIX runs Adelaide is humming and Marsh is the reason. Uses his feet to hammer the ball over the long-on boundary, well over. It's in the second tier again and there's a fan who catches it!;
63.3;?;Karn to Marsh, no run gets down the ground to a shortish delivery as Karn goes over the wicket finally. Defended;
63.2;4;Karn to Marsh, FOUR runs tops it with an inside out cover drive. Marsh, take a bow! Came down the track, made room while doing so and lifted the ball with such grace;
63.1;6;Karn to Marsh, SIX runs amazing shot! Saw the loop on the ball and decided it was going to have to go. Ran to the pitch of the ball with great intent and he deposits the ball into the second tier behind midwicket;
62.6;2;Aaron to Smith, 2 runs shot, and great running as well. Smith moved outside off against a searing quick, inswinging delivery on middle and has clipped it away effortlessly to deep fine leg. What wrists he must have;
62.5;1;Aaron to Marsh, 1 run full and tailing in on off stump, Marsh drills it down to long-on;
62.4;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run;
62.3;?;Aaron to Marsh, no run goes for a bouncer a shade outside off at 141 kph, Marsh sways away from it;
62.2;4;Aaron to Marsh, FOUR runs full on off stump, Marsh has carted it down to the long-on boundary. Picked it up and deposited it with pure authority over the fast bowler's head;
62.1;2;Aaron to Marsh, 2 runs back of a length and Marsh trusts his power by pulling off the front foot. It hits his bat a bit too high though and the ball wanders away to deep midwicket;
61.6;1;Karn to Marsh, 1 run stays back to a length ball and picked it away to square leg and Marsh collides with Karn at the other end;
61.5;4;Karn to Marsh, FOUR runs beautiful! Hit against the turn, but there was no real threat to the stroke because Marsh has jumped down the track to the pitch and then rolls his wrists on it;
61.4;?;Karn to Marsh, no run nudged to midwicket;
61.3;?;Karn to Marsh, no run tries to go down the track, but Karn has pulled his length back and forces Marsh to block and be careful about being bowled around the legs as well;
61.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run looped up on off stump and Smith has slid the full toss off the open face to third man;
61.1;4;Karn to Smith, FOUR runs reverse pull from Smith and it careens away to the point boundary. Short ball, takes ages to come him. So much that he holds the shot and then times it perfectly;
60.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
60.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, no run bounce and turn from outside off as Marsh goes back to block with an open face. Inside edge runs down to short fine leg;
60.4;4;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, FOUR runs shot! Got to the pitch of an offspinner outside off and drummed it to the long-on boundary;
60.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, no run stays back this time to a shortish delivery on off stump, and blocks;
60.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Marsh, no run gets down to a length ball on middle and blocks to mid-on;
60.1;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run bursts through Rohit's hands as Smith races down the pitch and hammers the ball towards long-off;
59.6;?;Karn to Marsh, no run flighted on leg stump, Marsh gets down to push the ball back at the bowler. Karn fielders and hurls a throw back. The batsman has reached safety and all he does is hit Saha on the shoulder. India feeling a whole lot of pinch;
59.5;?;Karn to Marsh, no run tossed up on the pads, defended;
59.4;?;Karn to Marsh, no run gets down the track, but can't reach the pitch. The ball kicks off the rough and seems to lob off the pad to silly point. Appeal struck down;
59.3;?;Karn to Marsh, no run tossed up on leg stump, Marsh runs it down to point;
59.2;?;Karn to Marsh, no run flighted on leg stump, defended;
59.1;W;Karn to Warner, OUT bowled off the switch hit and Karn picks up Warner again! It was a bit too full and the drift slid the ball under the bat, through his legs and onto his stumps. End of a top class innings from one of Australia's best batsmen right now;David Warner b KV Sharma 102 (271m 166b 11x4 1x6) SR: 61.44;
58.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, goes for a sweep and misses out. Not the best length to do that;
58.5;4;Rohit Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs runs down the track and hammers the ball over the covers. Australia are just having some fun right now;
58.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
58.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, cut away towards point;
58.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run;
58.1;1lb;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 leg bye flighted down leg because Smith was jumping down the track, manages to flick it away;
57.6;?;Karn to Smith, no run good length ball, flicked away to midwicket;
57.5;1;Karn to Warner, 1 run backs away and cuts a legspinner off leg stump to point;
57.4;?;Karn to Warner, no run flighted outside off, driven to long-off;
57.3;?;Karn to Warner, no run flighted outside off, and he gets an inside edge onto his thighs;
57.2;1;Karn to Smith, 1 run loads up for a reverse sweep and misses out.;
57.1;?;Karn to Smith, no run flighted outside off, he comes down and pushes to mid-off;
56.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted on leg stump, swept to short fine leg;
56.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run goes back and clips to midwicket;
56.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run good length defended down the pitch;
56.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run;
56.2;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run;
56.1;1;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, swept away to deep square leg;
55.6;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball clipped away to midwicket;
55.5;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs full and outside off, Smith has unleashed a gorgeous cover drive that has beaten the infield;
55.4;?;Shami to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, tucked away to midwicket;
55.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run back of a length on off stump, defended as he gets across top it;
55.2;?;Shami to Smith, no run full on off stump, clipped to short midwicket;
55.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
54.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run switched around as a right-hander and he's adjusted to the good length ball outside off, for the right-handed Warner, and slices to third man;
54.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 1 run;
54.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run flighted outside off and Smith jumps down the pitch to pad up. Appeal from Rohit, rubbished;
54.3;4;Rohit Sharma to Smith, FOUR runs flighted outside off, drilled into the covers;
54.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run flighted outside off, Smith comes down and flicks down the pitch;
54.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, not bothered with;
53.6;?;Shami to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed into the covers;
53.5;4;Shami to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Warner pulls it to the midwicket boundary and leaps up in his trademark celebration. Looks up at the heavens and yells as Adelaide celebrates with him;
53.4;?;Shami to Warner, no run fuller delivery angled across Warner, and the over the wicket like helps Shami beat him;
53.3;?;Shami to Warner, no run shortish and outside off, Warner short-arm jabs it to midwicket;
53.2;1;Shami to Smith, 1 run full on leg stump, tucked away to short midwicket;
53.1;?;Shami to Smith, no run fuller delivery on off stump, with some reverse swing. Defended;
52.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on leg stump, defended;
52.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run;
52.4;3;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 3 runs shortish and outside off, punched away to deep point;
52.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run flighted outside off, as he jumps down the track and pads up again;
52.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run flighted outside off, padded up;
52.1;1;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 run flighted on leg stump, turned away to square leg;
51.6;?;Sharma to Smith, no run;
51.5;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run shortish and outside off, defended;
51.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run shortish and outside off, defended;
51.4;1nb;Sharma to Warner, (no ball) back of a length and outside off, defended. And it's another no-ball;
51.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
51.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball and outside off;
51.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run full on middle, defended;
50.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run jumps down the track and pads up outside off;
50.5;2;Rohit Sharma to Smith, 2 runs flighted on off stump and he goes in for a sweep, maybe he got a little glove on it. Beats the keeper, who had no chance;
50.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run;
50.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run whipped away to short midwicket;
50.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run gets down the track to a good length ball and blocks down the pitch;
50.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Smith, no run chops a good length ball to the right of slip;
49.6;?;Sharma to Warner, no run fuller delivery outside off, Warner does not bother with it;
49.5;4;Sharma to Warner, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Warner has clobbered it over the bowler and it thuds into the long-off boundary. Second hundred of the Test beckons;
49.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run fuller delivery outside off, defended into the covers;
49.4;2nb;Sharma to Smith, (no ball) 1 run back of a length on off stump, but Ishant has overstepped. Slid behind point for a single;
49.3;?;Sharma to Smith, no run gets a straight bat down on a full ball reversing in on off stump;
49.2;?;Sharma to Smith, no run solidly behind a fuller ball that slants in at Steven Smith's off stump;
49.1;?;Sharma to Smith, no run fuller delivery outside off brings Smith forward to block;
48.6;?;Aaron to Warner, no run 143 kph, lovely bowling from Aaron as he bowls at middle stump and forces Warner to get across and block;
48.5;1;Aaron to Smith, 1 run 144kph, clips a length ball off his pads to deep square leg;
48.4;?;Aaron to Smith, no run shortish and outside off, Smith jumps across in line and blocks;
48.3;?;Aaron to Smith, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
48.2;?;Aaron to Smith, no run fullish on off stump at 140 kph, defended;
48.1;?;Aaron to Smith, no run goes for a slower bouncer, I think, and Smith had set up for his pull way too early. Beats him, good height on it as well;
47.6;?;Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, Warner steps forward confidently and blocks;
47.5;?;Sharma to Warner, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed into the covers;
47.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run pushes him back on the back foot and blocks into the covers;
47.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run gets behind a shortish delivery on off stump and defends;
47.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run back of a good length and outside off, with Ishant bowling around, left alone;
47.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
46.6;4;Shami to Smith, FOUR runs strays on the pads and the swing in doesn't help him as Smith glances it to the long leg boundary. Somehow he always looks busy at the crease;
46.5;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball on off stump, clipped to short midwicket;
46.4;?;Shami to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
46.3;?;Shami to Smith, no run reverse swing in off a fuller length on leg stump, clipped to one of two short midwickets. There's a short square leg as well;
46.2;2;Shami to Smith, 2 runs full and on the pads of Steven Smith, the new batsman, clipped away to long leg;
46.1;1;Shami to Warner, 1 run dropped at gully, but this was travelling. Vijay did well to even get a hand to that. Warner had width and he flays it outside off, hit the middle and had to stick as the fielder leaped up with his right hand outstretched;
45.6;W;Aaron to Clarke, OUT edged through to the keeper! This time the no-ball helps Aaron. It was short, it was wide, it was asking to be cut away but Clarke's only managed to feather it through to Saha.;Michael Clarke c ?Saha b Aaron 7 (34m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 35;
45.5;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run full and slanted at the pads, whipped away to deep square leg;
45.5;3nb;Aaron to Warner, (no ball) 2 runs a shade short and Warner has plonked an open face on top of the bounce and runs it behind point. Ishant has to chase after it and keeps it to a couple. Overstepped again.;
45.4;2;Aaron to Warner, 2 runs 141kph, back of a length and angled in at Warner's hips, glanced down to long leg;
45.3;?;Aaron to Warner, no run looks to flick a full inswinger through midwicket but ends up with a leading edge into the covers. How can you play a 146 kph delivery too early?;
45.2;?;Aaron to Warner, no run full and curling in on off stump, pushed down to mid-off;
45.1;?;Aaron to Warner, no run goes around the wicket and serves up a 139 kph short ball that Warner sways away from. Better technique since he had his eyes on the ball at all times;
44.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run runs a shortish ball off the open face into the covers;
44.5;?;Shami to Clarke, no run goes for a bouncer on leg stump, Clarke bends under it;
44.4;?;Shami to Clarke, no run full on leg stump, Clarke whips it to short midwicket, who attempts the flick the ball back at the stumps on the non-strikers' and catch Warner short but hits Warner instead. He's not too pleased;
44.3;?;Shami to Clarke, no run full face of the bat presented to a shortish ball on off stump;
44.2;?;Shami to Clarke, no run good length ball on middle, defended;
44.1;?;Shami to Clarke, no run good length ball slid down leg, can't flick it;
43.6;?;Aaron to Warner, no run leans forward to a fuller ball outside off and drives to extra cover;
43.5;?;Aaron to Warner, no run good length ball on middle, Warner keeps it out;
43.4;1;Aaron to Clarke, 1 run loops off the leading edge and clears the bowler. Clarke was into his front-foot flick too early against a shortish ball on the thighs;
43.3;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run bowls a bouncer on middle and leg, Clarke has to duck under it. Or at least half duck. The direction has been good so far from Aaron;
43.2;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run runs in while hiding the ball and delivers it full on leg stump, Warner whips it to deep square leg;
43.1;?;Aaron to Warner, no run shortish on middle, Warner is solidly behind the 144 kph delivery;
42.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
42.5;3;Shami to Warner, 3 runs glanced down to long leg and Aaron has to chase after it from the square boundary. Warner uses the reverse swing in his favour;
42.4;?;Shami to Warner, no run full and slanted in on middle, Warner clips it to short midwicket;
42.3;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run back of a length on off stump, Clarke picks it away to deep midwicket;
42.2;1;Shami to Warner, 1 run slid down the pads from around the wicket and it's been tucked past square leg;
42.1;?;Shami to Warner, no run right up there on off stump, India are doing everything they can to tempt reverse swing. Australia are also playing with a straight bat and countering it well;
41.6;?;Aaron to Clarke, no run good length ball on off stump at 149 kph, Clarke steps forward to block;
41.5;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run goes short and pulls to deep square leg;
41.4;?;Aaron to Warner, no run 146 kph, gets this fuller ball to nip back in at Warner and cramps him up. Warner manages to punch it down to mid-on. Lovely line with the kind of pace and swing he's generating;
41.3;4;Aaron to Warner, FOUR runs gorgeous stroke, he's played with a straighter bat and threads the gap between cover and mid-off. Better stride forward that time;
41.2;?;Aaron to Warner, no run 147 kph, full and wide outside off, Warner doesn't bother with much footwork but his timing is still solid. Drives to cover;
41.1;1b;Aaron to Clarke, 1 bye full toss and the reverse swing takes it well down leg. Saha has no chance to catch up with it;
40.6;1;Shami to Clarke, 1 run fullish and cutting back in on off stump, Clarke works it away to deep midwicket;
40.5;4;Shami to Clarke, FOUR runs fuller and wide outside off, Clarke's front foot moves across and he answers with a straight blade that powers it through the covers. Picked the swing early and played with it;
40.4;?;Shami to Clarke, no run dug in short from Shami and the direction is pretty good as well. Forces Clarke to bend that bad back of his to evade the ball;
40.3;?;Shami to Clarke, no run full on off stump, clipped away to midwicket;
40.2;?;Shami to Clarke, no run good length ball at 137 kph and reversing in on off stump, pushed into the covers;
40.1;?;Shami to Clarke, no run fuller ball on off stump, Clarke drives back at the bowler;
39.6;4;Aaron to Warner, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Warner leans into a top cover drive. Hit on the up and the timing is predictably good;
39.5;?;Aaron to Warner, no run full and bit wide of off stump, Warner is stuck in the crease as he drives into the covers;
39.4;?;Aaron to Warner, no run fuller ball outside off, driven into the covers;
39.3;?;Aaron to Warner, no run full and outside off, Warner has punched it to mid-off. Crisp strike;
39.2;?;Aaron to Warner, no run banged in short and Warner opts for a pull, seems a touch cramped. Big appeal from the bowler, a bigger one from Kohli who was pointing at the keeper animatedly. Has his hands on his head as the appeal is denied. If that did hit anything, it could only be glove;
39.1;?;Aaron to Warner, no run 139 kph, full and a shade wide of off stump, Warner bunts it down the pitch;
38.6;?;Shami to Clarke, no run lots of curl in at 138 kph, Clarke stays put in the crease and nudges to short midwicket. Shami rockin the reverse!;
38.5;W;Shami to Watson, OUT toppled him! Shami uses reverse swing to exploit the huge gap between bat and pad as Watson drives on the up. Beautiful bowling that as he hit that in-between length and lures the false shot;Shane Watson b Mohammed Shami 33 (119m 86b 4x4 1x6) SR: 38.37;
38.4;?;Shami to Watson, no run reverses the ball in off a fuller delivery, Watson defends;
38.3;?;Shami to Watson, no run fullish and tailing in on leg, Watson plays around his pad and works it to midwicket;
38.2;1;Shami to Warner, 1 run shortish and slid across the left-hander and Warner is made to play away from his body. Pushed into the covers;
38.1;?;Shami to Warner, no run appeal first ball, but it is a bad one. Pitched outside leg on a good length and Warner is unable to pick the ball off his pads;
37.6;?;Aaron to Watson, no run fuller ball curling back in at him quite late, Watson manages to get his bat down in time and inside edge it onto his pads;
37.5;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run lands a yorker on off stump at 146 kph, Warner slices it behind point;
37.4;?;Aaron to Warner, no run fuller delivery on middle at 147 kph, Warner's straight bat answers;
37.3;1;Aaron to Watson, 1 run 145kph, this is a full toss on the pads which Watson clips to deep square leg;
37.2;?;Aaron to Watson, no run fuller ball at 147 kph, but it goes well wide of off stump. Watson decides to chase after it and is lucky to be beaten;
37.1;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run full on off stump, pushed into the covers quite calmly;
36.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run flighted outside off, and a bit of turn helps lure Watson's inside edge;
36.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run covers the line of a shortish delivery outside off and blocks;
36.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run shortish and turning in on off stump, Watson defends;
36.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run gets down the track, and too close to the length ball outside off and jams his bat down on it;
36.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run good length ball to which Watson goes back and blocks;
36.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run flighted outside off, defended as Watson gets that big stride forward;
35.6;1;Aaron to Watson, 1 run 148 kph reversing full toss is clipped with the swing to midwicket. Aaron is promising something here;
35.5;?;Aaron to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and off, defended;
35.4;?;Aaron to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
35.3;?;Aaron to Watson, no run full and reversing in quite sharply to peg Watson on the boot. Top class delivery from Aaron. But it was sliding down leg. Another top decision from the umpire. Gould it was;
35.2;4;Aaron to Watson, FOUR runs fullish on middle and leg, Watson has clipped it away strongly to deep midwicket. What timing from Watson and he's managed to beat a packed leg side field;
35.2;5w;Aaron to Watson, 5 wide slid down the leg side and it is too much for the diving Saha. Easy runs being gifted away by India now;
35.1;4lb;Aaron to Watson, 4 leg byes he's hit on the elbow as Watson was ducking and the ball runs off to the fine leg boundary. 147 kph bouncer and that would have stung;
34.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run judges the line well and leaves the length ball outside off;
34.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
34.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
34.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run fighted outside off, driven to mid-off;
34.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
34.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball outside off, defended;
33.6;?;Aaron to Watson, no run;
33.5;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run pushed through on leg stump, turned to short midwicket;
33.4;?;Aaron to Warner, no run 148kph, short and down the leg side, pulls and misses;
33.3;?;Aaron to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, left well alone;
33.3;1nb;Aaron to Warner, (no ball) good wicket here. It was straight, it was full and Warner has swiped across the line. They are checking the no-ball and he's worried. Aaron is worried. It is a no-ball and Warner runs back onto the field. Aaron celebrated wildly and Warner gives it back;
33.2;1lb;Aaron to Watson, 1 leg bye strays down leg and turned away behind square leg;
33.1;?;Aaron to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and leg, tucked to midwicket;
32.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run;
32.5;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted outside off, left alone as he judges the line well;
32.4;1;Rohit Sharma to Watson, 1 run good length ball on off stump, defended;
32.3;1;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 run flighted outside off, Watson runs at him and drives to long-off;
32.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted on middle, defended;
32.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted on leg stump, turned away to midwicket;
31.6;?;Aaron to Watson, no run good length ball, kept out;
31.5;?;Aaron to Watson, no run full and curls back in. Reverse happening big time now. Watson plonks that front foot forward and gets an inside edge;
31.4;?;Aaron to Watson, no run huge appeal and it looked quite good too. It was a length ball that jagged back in at Watson and he is beaten for pace. Hits him on the knee roll, might just have gone over the stumps;
31.3;?;Aaron to Watson, no run slid down leg and he misses flick;
31.2;?;Aaron to Watson, no run back of a length on middle, Watson jumped back and blocks;
31.1;1;Aaron to Warner, 1 run good length ball on middle and leg, clipped away to long leg;
30.6;?;Rohit Sharma to Watson, no run tucked away to square leg;
30.5;1;Rohit Sharma to Warner, 1 run;
30.4;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run nudged away to mid-on;
30.3;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted outside off, defended;
30.2;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run short and wide, cracked away to cover;
30.1;?;Rohit Sharma to Warner, no run flighted on off stump, defended. And Rohit's finally here;
29.6;?;Sharma to Watson, no run back of a length and outside off, gets a leading edge but it goes past gully;
29.6;1nb;Sharma to Watson, (no ball) back of a length on off stump, defended;
29.5;?;Sharma to Watson, no run moves on to 63 and the crowd goes up to applaud;
29.4;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run full on off stump, pushed back at mid-on;
29.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run angled across left-hander and it's pushed to cover;
29.2;?;Sharma to Warner, no run shortish on off stump, Warner tries to turn it away to the leg side. Gets the leading edge past Ishant;
29.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed into the covers;
28.6;6;Karn to Watson, SIX runs short on middle, sat up to be pummeled over deep midwicket;
28.5;?;Karn to Watson, no run defneded down the pitch;
28.4;?;Karn to Watson, no run gets down the track and pushes back at the bowler;
28.3;?;Karn to Watson, no run flighted outside off, defended on off stump;
28.2;?;Karn to Watson, no run flighted outside off, defended;
28.1;1;Karn to Warner, 1 run full toss outside off, slugged away to deep square leg;
27.6;?;Sharma to Watson, no run;
27.5;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
27.4;?;Sharma to Watson, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed down the ground;
27.4;1nb;Sharma to Watson, (no ball) back of a length and outside off, pushed to cover. Overstepped;
27.3;?;Sharma to Watson, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed to mid-off;
27.2;?;Sharma to Watson, no run beaten outside off as Ishant gets the ball to seam away. And its threat is enhanced with Ishant's natural angle in;
27.1;?;Sharma to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, tucked away to short midwicket;
26.6;?;Karn to Warner, no run lots of turn off the rough, turned away to square leg;
26.5;2;Karn to Warner, 2 runs pulled to deep square leg;
26.4;?;Karn to Warner, no run good length ball outside off, turned to point;
26.3;?;Karn to Warner, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
26.2;4;Karn to Warner, FOUR runs length ball outside off, Warner has lunged at it and swept powerfully to deep square leg. he's batting on a different pitch, says Agarkar. Feels so confident;
26.1;?;Karn to Warner, no run flightede onto the rough on off stump, pushed to mid-off;
25.6;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run good length ball on leg stump, worked away behind square leg;
25.5;2;Sharma to Warner, 2 runs fuller ball outside off, driven into the covers;
25.4;?;Sharma to Warner, no run pushes down the ground to mid-on;
25.3;?;Sharma to Warner, no run has that pitched outside leg? Good length ball on middle and leg and skids into Warner. Too quick for him and he's lucky to survive;
25.3;1nb;Sharma to Warner, (no ball) tucks him on off stump, gets an inside edge to midwicket;
25.2;2;Sharma to Warner, 2 runs goes short on middle and leg, nudged away to deep midwicket;
25.1;?;Sharma to Warner, no run good length ball on middle and leg, Warner clips to short midwicket;
24.6;?;Vijay to Watson, no run good length ball outside off, Watson pads up and that will be drinks;
24.5;1;Vijay to Warner, 1 run flighted on off stump, driven to mid-off to bring up a fifty. What a year he's having. Hasn't looked like he's playing any shot out of the ordinary, but look at the strike rate;
24.4;?;Vijay to Warner, no run tossed up on off stump, Warner finds Kohli at short cover;
24.3;1;Vijay to Watson, 1 run this one keeps low now. Fourth day pitch, hello. Watson manages to clip it to square leg;
24.2;?;Vijay to Watson, no run turn and bounce and Watson is struck just below his stomach as he was trying to cover the line of a length ball and block off the back foot;
24.1;3;Vijay to Warner, 3 runs short and wide outside off, Warner has rocked back and slapped it well in front of point. Actually it went through the covers, and beat Rahane's dive;
23.6;?;Karn to Watson, no run backs away to a flatter delivery and thumps it to short cover;
23.5;?;Karn to Watson, no run flighted on off stump, defended;
23.4;?;Karn to Watson, no run good line from Karn as he probes around off stump and is hoping for one to turn a but more or going on with the arm. Neither happens though and Watson keeps it out well;
23.3;?;Karn to Watson, no run presses forward to defend a flighted ball on off stump;
23.2;?;Karn to Watson, no run gets down the track to defend a flighted ball outside off;
23.1;1;Karn to Warner, 1 run slow and flighted on off stump, Warner manages to lap sweep it to long leg;
22.6;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller ball that straightens outside off, Watson seems to be interested before pulling out from the shot;
22.5;?;Sharma to Watson, no run good length ball angled in on off stump, carefully defended off the front foot;
22.4;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, better line for this angle and Ishant has been running in while hiding the ball as well. Watson has pressed forward to block and inside edges it;
22.3;?;Sharma to Watson, no run full and slanted in on middle, Watson reaches forward and clips to one of two short midwickets.;
22.2;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller and Watson isn't able to get his bat around in time. Hits his pad, but it would have slanted well down leg;
22.1;?;Sharma to Watson, no run angles the good length ball in on middle, Watson defends off the back foot;
21.6;?;Karn to Warner, no run worked away to midwicket;
21.5;?;Karn to Warner, no run blocks a tossed up delivery on off stump;
21.4;?;Karn to Warner, no run tossed up outside off and Warner was set up for the sweep, realises it was dipping on him and might be dangerous if it bounces. Decides to play with a straight bat and is beaten by the turn, he's hit on the front pad as well, but outside off;
21.3;?;Karn to Warner, no run good length ball on off, turned to short midwicket;
21.2;?;Karn to Warner, no run looped up on off stump, Warner is on the front foot and waits and then tucks it past short leg;
21.1;?;Karn to Warner, no run flighted outside off and he is hit on the pads while trying to sweep. Mild appeal quashed immediately;
20.6;?;Sharma to Watson, no run inside edge and Watson whirls around to check on his stumps. They're safe. It was back of a length and a shade outside off, and Ishant's angle in fools Watson as he goes for a glide to third man. Or almost does.;
20.5;?;Sharma to Watson, no run good length ball on middle and off, Watson manages to put his bat in front of pad;
20.4;4;Sharma to Watson, FOUR runs clipped off middle and Watson has timed this beautifully. It was too full to worry the batsman. He needs to pull his length back, because that inward movement is happening;
20.3;?;Sharma to Watson, no run good length ball on off stump, defended. That's that dangerous line to Watson when he starts playing around that front pad;
20.2;4;Sharma to Watson, FOUR runs full and sliding down. Watson has planted his front leg across and manages to bring the bat down with a closed face and glance it quite fine. Saha can't get there, would have been a terrific save if he had. It was that far away from him;
20.1;?;Sharma to Watson, no run goes wide the crease and the back of a length delivery on off stump as been defended;
20.1;2nb;Sharma to Warner, (no ball) goes short and Warner opts for a pull. Is surprised by the ball bouncing not quite as much as he'd thought and has to crouch and adjust. Apparently Ishant has overstepped;
19.6;4;Karn to Watson, FOUR runs that's a beautiful stroke. Watson has used his feet to come down the pitch and has clipped the good length ball through straight midwicket. Amazing timing;
19.5;?;Karn to Watson, no run tossed up outside off, defended carefully;
19.4;?;Karn to Watson, no run gets down the track to a flighted ball on off stump. Karn is now over the wicket;
19.3;?;Karn to Watson, no run goes back and blocks a good length ball outside off;
19.2;1;Karn to Warner, 1 run looped up outside off, Warner sweeps behind square leg;
19.1;?;Karn to Warner, no run flighted on off stump, defended into the covers. Warner's gone past 1000 runs this year;
18.6;?;Vijay to Watson, no run length on middle, clipped to short midwicket;
18.5;?;Vijay to Watson, no run flighted outside off and he gets a bit of turn to beat Watson's inside edge and hit him on the thigh pad;
18.4;1;Vijay to Warner, 1 run pushed in on middle and Warner clips it to long-on;
18.3;?;Vijay to Warner, no run good length ball outside off, Warner pushes out to it and gets a bit of an outside edge through poiit;
18.2;6;Vijay to Warner, SIX runs flighted outside off and it's been been whacked over midwicket. Mightily well timed;
18.1;1;Vijay to Watson, 1 run goes over the wicket and Watson turns a flighted ball into a full toss by stepping out. The punch is too powerful for Vijay to field and it pops out;
17.6;?;Karn to Warner, no run good length ball on middle, defended;
17.5;4;Karn to Warner, FOUR runs reverse sweep and he's nailed it. It was a low full toss as well and point is comfortably beaten. How good is he with that shot!;
17.4;?;Karn to Warner, no run looped up outside off to bring Warner to reach outside off, pushed into the covers;
17.3;4;Karn to Warner, FOUR runs what a blow! Warner has rushed forward to the pitch of the pall, took it off the rough and bludgeoned it down the ground. The ball actually swung on it's way to the boundary. Would have gone to long-on, but veered away to hit the sightscreen;
17.2;1;Karn to Watson, 1 run lots of loop on leg stump and it invites Watson to come down the track, rather nervously, and pushes down to mid-on;
17.1;?;Karn to Watson, no run flighted on leg stump, defended to short midwicket;
16.6;?;Vijay to Warner, no run tossed up way outside off to tempt Warner, and he is. Flashing blade is beaten and Vijay scratches his head;
16.5;?;Vijay to Warner, no run pushed through on off stump and Warner keeps it out;
16.4;?;Vijay to Warner, no run short and wide, Warner is unable to pick the gap in the covers;
16.3;4;Vijay to Warner, FOUR runs hammered down the ground! That's a Warner special as he moves forward aggressively and lofts Vijay over his head. Beautiful stroke, and his footwork ensured he was beside the ball to make room for his hands;
16.2;?;Vijay to Warner, no run flighted on middle, kept out solidly;
16.1;1;Vijay to Watson, 1 run length ball picked away off his legs to deep square leg;
15.6;?;Karn to Warner, no run tossed up outside off to lure Warner forward, but he can't get to the pitch. Hits the rough and turns in sharply to strike Warner on the pads. Impact was outside off;
15.5;4;Karn to Warner, FOUR runs short and wide, and Warner obliges it with a searing back-foot cut. Through the covers and it has more than enough to race away;
15.4;?;Karn to Warner, no run pushed through and it hits the rough on a good length. Rips in at Warner, who tries to flick. Goes off his pads to fine leg;
15.3;2;Karn to Warner, 2 runs backs away and punches a shortish delivery through the covers. Good footwork and hard hands from Warner and he is able to find the gap as well;
15.2;1;Karn to Watson, 1 run gets down and almost too close to the flighted delivery and Watson drives to mid-off;
15.1;1;Karn to Warner, 1 run low full toss that's been swept away quite easily, but there is protection in the deep;
14.6;1;Sharma to Warner, 1 run moves around the wicket and delivers a fuller ball that is pushed to the right of mid-off;
14.5;1;Sharma to Watson, 1 run punched back at the bowler, and Ishant is not able to get his hands up in time. Picks up a single to mid-off;
14.4;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended;
14.3;?;Sharma to Watson, no run crisp drive to mid-off as Watson presses forward to a good length ball outside off;
14.2;?;Sharma to Watson, no run fuller ball on off stump, defended off the front foot;
14.1;?;Sharma to Watson, no run plays inside the line of a good length ball outside off. He was accounting for the angle Ishant produces, but not for the ball straightening outside off;

Ishant replacing Karn, after a wicket in the last over
 Innings Start
I doubt I need to say anything further about this Test. It was a the rollercoaster we all hoped it would be and it beat every outlandish one anyone might have had. A great Test. A great start to the series and it is bound to only get better. Join us at the Gabba next Wednesday to see how things pan out. There will be a whole boatload of post-match stuff coming at you from Sid Monga, Dan Brettig, Jarrod Kimber and a special appearance from Rahul Dravid on #politeenquiries. Thank you for your company and your comments, you've been as brilliant as ever. This is Alagappan Muthu, knocking off being part of an Adelaide miracle from my bucket list
Fantastic win, some unbelievable performances. That's as good as second innings hundred as I've seen. Lyon, Smith, Haddin as captain were unbelievable says MIchael Clarke. The boys deserve a lot of credit to keep trying to win the game. The were willing to lose to win. I thought if India were good enough to make 360, credit to them. But credit to our boys, and our bowlers. Had a scan, results are not fantastic Going to struggle to take any more part in the series. Probably better of not talking about it, the workd is probably sick of seeing me crying on telly. But we did Phillip proud
Virat Kohli comes up and rubs his eyes a touch. Says it was a great game of cricket, proud of the boys, the kind of character they showed in tough situations it was a really good effort. Pretty pleased with the way we played, but Australia did better. Told the guys last night that whatever target it was we were going to chase it. I believed in my ability, Lyon bowled the ball in the right areas. If me and Vijay added about 40 runs there, the game would have been different. You see one opening and the team capitalises, and that's what Autsralia did. I was trying ot hit it much more in front of square. But it was one of those mistakes I'll look back and say I could have done better, Backing myself through the Test and no regrets. Have to play with passion and commitment and I;d like to congratulate the whole Australia team and actually participating here after all that happened in the last 10 days
Nathan Lyon is the Man of the Match Thanks the crowd, says it was tough old day and says it was fantastic for their support. Credit goes to the groundsman, produced a great Test wicket. Last summer's atmosphere was brilliant. [Umpire Erasmus]We;re going really well, he's a good umpire, tough decisions out there and I just had to keep asking question and lucky enough some came in my way. It was Test cricket, always twists and turns and we just had to hang in there. [Kohli and Vijay] They're unbelievable, they're superstars, credit goes to them but I'm sticking with Australia. Certainly I believed, it just happened. I'll keep on believing
5.40 pm What a Test. Another humdinger at Adelaide, but it was Australia who dug deep. They usually do, they barely fail to. They had eight wickets to take in 37 overs and one session to do so and they've done so in well under that mark. How well has Nathan Lyon been for them. He had a lot of rough to exploit and he hit them almost unfailingly, his length was that inbetween one that didn't quite allow the batsman to come all the way forward and from there on his extra bounce has served him well. Twelve wickets to set up the Test! Hats off to them.
But spare a thought for the Indians and Virat Kohli who walks out to shake hands with the opposition. His batting was imperious. His judgment of length was spectacular. He's being consoled by his team-mates, he deserved a victory today but Australia's bowlers never gave up and that's why they deserved it more. By the way, Match Point is live. So do tune in to that as well
Michael Clarke is back on the field, shaking hands and hugging his team-mates. Comes up to shake hands with Kohli, as does Shane Warne. One of the best innings by an Indian batsman, possibly any batsman
buggy: "A fitting match for the memory of Hughes. From the bouncer that hit Kohli and his fightback after being hit and the result of Australia winning a very closely fought test. Amazing!!"
Sudhir Bakhru: "India's previous England and Australia test series were disappointing because there was no fight. This was an awesome fight. I'd rather watch India lose trying to win the game than play for a tame draw. Good job Captain Kohli! "
Hemal: "Am I the only one crying??? "
Devesh: "@Hemal: You are not alone. There a lot here on this part of the world (USA) at 2:15am. Thank you, Virat!!!!"
John: "A nice symmetry. Australia lost 12 wickets in the match, and Lyon took 12 wickets in the match. MOM Nathan Lyon, surely"
87.1;W;Lyon to Sharma, OUT stumped! Lyon has done it for Australia! Ishant has run down the track, but is beaten by the turn and is stumped down the leg side. Australia huddle up by the '408' at the ground and warm hugs are shared between them. Lyon taps the turf by the number in earnest;Ishant Sharma st ?Haddin b Lyon 0 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
86.6;?;Johnson to Karn, no run full and a shade outside off, Karn was looking to whip the ball. Poor choice of shot and is thoroughly beaten;
86.5;?;Johnson to Karn, no run Adelaide claps hard as Johnson runs in, back of a length around the off stump, Karn looks to block but is beaten and a huge "oh" goes around the ground;
86.4;?;Johnson to Karn, no run 141kph, good length ball outside off, left alone at the last instant;
86.3;?;Johnson to Karn, no run length and outside off, barely moves his feet to the 148 kph delivery. Flashes and misses;
86.2;1lb;Johnson to Sharma, 1 leg bye inside edge onto pad and it runs down to fine leg. Johnson keeps bowling full and nipping it back in at the right-hander at 144 kph;
86.1;W;Johnson to Aaron, OUT 140kph, perfect ball first up and he's plumb in front! It was full, it curled in and Aaron is stuck in the crease and struck on the back pad. Off goes Aaron, Mitch has a huge smile on his face as he gambols around with his team-mates;Varun Aaron lbw b Johnson 1 (9m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
85.6;1;Lyon to Aaron, 1 run gets down the track and shovels the good length ball to the left of mid-off;
85.5;?;Lyon to Aaron, no run gets forward, but to a good length ball, and defends. Pulls his bottom hand off the bat like it shocked him;
85.4;1;Lyon to Karn, 1 run strays on the pads and Karn has nudged it to deep midwicket;
85.3;2;Lyon to Karn, 2 runs gets the gap in front of point and Karn takes a couple of runs off a shortish ball outside off;
85.2;?;Lyon to Karn, no run flighted on off stump, defended again;
85.1;?;Lyon to Karn, no run good length ball on middle stump, Karn blocks well;
84.6;1;Harris to Karn, 1 run full on leg stump, clipped away to long leg;
84.5;?;Harris to Karn, no run good length ball outside off, refuses to play;
84.4;?;Harris to Karn, no run goes short on off stump, Karn blocks it well;
84.3;?;Harris to Karn, no run fuller delivery from around the wicket, Karn looks to drive but gets an inside edge onto the pad;
84.2;W;Harris to Shami, OUT full on off stump, Shami looks to hammer it down the ground and he's been caught at mid-off. What a poor choice of shot. Terrible dismissal as he falls into the trap. Harris bowls full to entice the drive and out it comes and the ball spoons to Johnson;Mohammed Shami c Johnson b Harris 5 (13m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
84.1;?;Harris to Shami, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
83.6;?;Lyon to Karn, no run hits the rough outside off and Karn leaves knowing it will turn past his stumps;
83.5;?;Lyon to Karn, no run flatter and quicker on off stump, Karn looks to come forward and block but underestimates the turn again. This is beautiful bowling from Lyon;
83.4;?;Lyon to Karn, no run good length ball on off stump, Karn leaves again;
83.3;?;Lyon to Karn, no run good length ball on off stump, Karn this time hides his bat behind his bat and lets it turn away into Haddin's gloves;
83.2;?;Lyon to Karn, no run a little closer on off stump and it lures Karn to push forward to block. Beaten again as Lyon continues to probe. So much bounce;
83.1;?;Lyon to Karn, no run tossed up a shade outside off, Karn looks to block and sees the ball rip past his outside edge. Too good from Lyon;
82.6;4;Harris to Shami, FOUR runs sliced past gully and it goes to the third man boundary. Shami seems to know only one way to bat. Warner was the man there as he leaps, but fails to hold on;
82.5;?;Harris to Shami, no run hangs his bat outside off and Harris has fooled him with some late swing away from the bat;
82.4;?;Harris to Shami, no run beaten outside off. Fuller delivery at 137 kph and he gets it to straighten outside off. Can't blame a tailender for missing that;
82.3;?;Harris to Shami, no run full and swinging in, tucked to midwicket;
82.2;?;Harris to Shami, no run slices a shortish ball off the back foot to point;
82.1;?;Harris to Shami, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
81.6;1;Lyon to Shami, 1 run stays back to a length ball and slices it into the covers, uncertainty between the wickets for the two new batsmen, but they take the single in the end;
81.5;?;Lyon to Shami, no run goes back to a shortish ball on off stump and punches it to mid-off;
81.4;W;Lyon to Kohli, OUT caught at deep midwicket! Kohli's gone! Australia mob Marsh on the boundary and Kohli is hunched over his bat at the crease for several seconds before he drags himself off. What an innings it has been. One of the best counterpunches that's been seen in a long time, but it ends off a miscue. It was short, it was asking to be hit and Kohli went for a pull to clear the boundary but found the man there. Adelaide gives him a standing ovation and he deserves every clap!;Virat Kohli c Marsh b Lyon 141 (279m 175b 16x4 1x6) SR: 80.57;
81.3;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs swept and drilled with that bottom hand between long leg and deep square leg. It was full enough, it had room and Kohli nailed it;
81.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run gets down the track and blocks a flighted ball a shade outside off;
81.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length ball on off stump, Kohli goes back to block under his eyes;
80.6;?;Siddle to Karn, no run full on middle and leg, Karn was rooted to his crease but his hands came down in time to work the ball towards mid-on;
80.5;?;Siddle to Karn, no run shortish and on middle, Karn clips to midwicket;
80.4;1lb;Siddle to Kohli, 1 leg bye full on leg stump, looks for a nudge into the leg side and gets an inside edge onto pad as Siddle reverses the ball in;
80.3;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run inside edge onto the back foot and it runs away into the covers. Looked to slap a back of a length delivery into the covers;
80.2;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run full on off stump, Kohli works it to mid-on;
80.1;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run good length ball on off stump, defended to mid-off;
79.6;W;Lyon to Saha, OUT one shot too many! and Lyon has broken through for his second five-wicket haul of the Test! His first ten-for! Runs at the bowler again and swings all around the good length off spinner which sneaks through bat and pad and timber!;Wriddhiman Saha b Lyon 13 (10m 10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 130;
79.5;?;Lyon to Saha, no run tossed up outside off, Saha lunges forward to block;
79.4;4;Lyon to Saha, FOUR runs looped up outside off and Saha has pummeled it to the square leg boundary. What a top sweep shot. Got low, rolled his hands over the top of the ball and placed it behind square leg. You little beauty!;
79.3;6;Lyon to Saha, SIX runs runs down the track and he's whacked Lyon over long-off! Whoa! They're going for this. This has turned into a one-day game for India. Reached the pitch and unleashed a full swing.;
79.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted on off stump, Kohli looks to close the face too early and for once that midwicket dab fails him. Gets a leading edge, but there is no one close in at cover;
79.1;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs flighted outside off, Kohli has slapped a cover drive through the off side field. Surprising he managed to reach that and then time the ball so powerfully against the turn;
78.6;?;Siddle to Saha, no run full and curling in on off stump, Sahaa has pushed it to mid-on. Siddle's reversing the ball quite well, but Saha's replying just as hard;
78.5;3;Siddle to Kohli, 3 runs full and outside off, Kohli has drilled it between cover and mid-off. Lovely timing on that, but Johnson has managed to catch up with it;
78.4;1;Siddle to Saha, 1 run full and outside off, pushed past cover for the single this time;
78.3;?;Siddle to Saha, no run punched down to mid-on, and it might have been dangerous for Kohli there. Warner was the man at mid-on who fields a firm push off Saha and there was uncertainty between the two batsmen regarding the single. Kohli makes it back though;
78.2;?;Siddle to Saha, no run fuller ball that curls in late, Saha is able to play with a straight bat and push to mid-off;
78.1;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run full on middle and leg, Kohli clips it away to deep midwicket. He's batting on a different plane;
77.6;2;Lyon to Saha, 2 runs flighted into the rough and Saha drives out of it and against the turn. Strong, brave shot.;
77.5;?;Lyon to Saha, no run looped up outside off, Saha defends towards point;
77.4;W;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, OUT caught at leg slip! Went straight off the glove and Warner had to leap up and stick his left hand over his head to hold on! Lovely bowling from Lyon as he loops the ball above Rohit's eyeline to draw him forward, got it to dip into the rough and the turn and bounce did the rest;Rohit Sharma c Warner b Lyon 6 (37m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
77.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tucked past short midwicket and he keeps getting that gap, despite Australia placing a man for just that shot;
77.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run lunges forward to blocks a flighted delivery outside off;
77.1;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run swept from way outside off, but there is protection at the deep square leg boundary. The length was fuller this time, so that's a better shot option, I guess;
76.6;2;Johnson to Kohli, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Kohli laces it through the covers and ambles a couple. Calls for something from the dressing room, I think;
76.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run full on leg stump, Kohli nudges to short midwicket;
76.5;1w;Johnson to Kohli, 1 wide oopsy! The old Johnson has made a brief appearance. Think he couldn't go of the ball like the way he would like. He wanted to hang on to the ball as his foot gets stuck on the bowling crease and stop from delivering. Couldn't and the bouncer slides miles down the leg side;
76.4;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs bang! Kohli is not letting this go. Another bouncer, at 128 kph though and he has lots of time to rock back and pummel the ball perfectly square;
76.3;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs short and angled in at Kohli, that was a very good bouncer aimed at the body. But Kohli has waited for it and glided it between the slips and gully. His highest score in Tests now;
76.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run slower short ball outside off, slid off the open face to gully;
76.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run starts around the wicket and bowls fuller and outside off, Kohli punches it into the covers but Marsh runs and dives to his right to keep it to nothing;
75.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off, Rohit was lunging forward and hid his bat behind pad. Lyon roars an appeal, but it is turned down;
75.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tucked to long leg off a length ball on middle;
75.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run bounce from outside off from a good length ball, Kohli is wary of it as he softens the grip on his hands and runs it down to slip;
75.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a length ball and clips it to short leg;
75.2;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs whipped past mid-on, Vijay has been picking that gap and now Kohli follows through. Whippy drive past short midwicket and it races away. His bottom-hand strength is amazing;
75.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run looped up outside off, Kohli uses his wrists to blunt it to short midwicket;
74.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run batting outside his crease and leaves a back of a length delivery outside off;
74.5;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs moves around the wicket, full toss outside off, Rohit accepts the offering and sends it to the cover boundary. That should ease his nerves a bit. Gets a pat on his chest from the captain;
74.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off stump, Rohit manages to keep it out and slide it to point;
74.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run good length ball pushed across the right-hander who leaves the ball;
74.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run banged in short and he goes for a pull off the front foot, but it's a top bouncer from Mitch. Too high for him to connect;
74.1;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, turned away to long leg;
73.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run lunges forward and pushes the tossed up ball outside off into the covers for a single and keep strike;
73.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run nails a yorker on off stump and almost had Kohli! He was going for a sweep, had to adjust his stroke and just about jams his bat down;
73.4;1;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted outside off and kicks off the rough, Rohit goes for the sweep again and gets a top edge that lands into the vacant midwcket region.;
73.3;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run impact outside off and that ruins the appeal, but it was the wrong shot to attempt. Goes for a sweep to a length ball and can't connect;
73.2;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off, Rohit nudges down the track to push to Lyon's right;
73.1;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted on off stump, hits short and leg Haddin was trying to get the rebound. Rogers jumps back up and walks around to get the blood flowing. Hit square on the hips and Haddin wasn't too far from grabbing it again;
72.6;4;Harris to Kohli, FOUR runs overpitched outside off, Kohli has threaded the gap through the off side. Hit past short cover's right and well to mid-off's left. Serenely played;
72.5;?;Harris to Kohli, no run;
72.4;?;Harris to Kohli, no run fuller delivery on off stump, defended stoutly;
72.3;?;Harris to Kohli, no run good length ball that straightens a touch outside off, Kohli is well aware of it's threat and leaves;
72.2;2;Harris to Kohli, 2 runs fuller delivery outside off, and Kohli leans into a sparkling drive that beats the cover fielder.;
72.1;2;Harris to Kohli, 2 runs length ball on middle and leg, Kohli whips it to deep square leg and picks up a couple;
71.6;?;Lyon to Rohit Sharma, no run short and wide enough outside off to cut the ball but Rohit has premeditated the sweep and misses. Struck on the pads, but well outside the line. Might be drinks;
71.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, nudged past short leg;
71.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to block a good length ball on off stump. Beautiful fielding from Rogers;
71.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a good length ball that spits up off the pitch, Kohli was looking to tuck it away and then keeps his bat and gloves away. Leg byes to short fine leg;
71.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run looped up outside off, Kohli goes for a whip and finds short leg off the inside edge;
71.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a length ball and turns it behind square leg;
70.6;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run this is the inswinger, curling in and searching for the blockhole. Rohit is almost off balance as he tries to keep it out. Someone comes up and puts a hand around Harris' shoulder. He's bowled such a good over. This Test has swung right back in the balance and the tension is higher than when the players were all going at each other yesterday!;
70.5;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run beaten outside off again, Rohit is not sure of his off stump and Ryno is exploiting it with the ball angled in and getting it to straighten at the last minute. Poor fast bowler;
70.4;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run back of a length and outside off, Rohit is lured into poking away from his body. Beaten as the ball straightens;
70.3;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off stump, defended carefully;
70.2;?;Harris to Rohit Sharma, no run fullish and reversing in at Rohit who is forward to block.;
70.1;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run fuller ball on off stump, pushes to mid-on and looks for a tight single. It's too tight, needs a dive from Kohli as Warner rushed in to try a direct hit at the non-strikers';
69.6;W;Lyon to Rahane, OUT inside edge to short leg says the umpire, Lyono is turning things around! Beautiful off spin bowling as he flights the ball outside off, hits the rough and Rahane was stretching out to try and block. But oopsy, it's only lobbed off the pad. No bat involved!;Ajinkya Rahane c Rogers b Lyon 0 (4m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
69.5;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run flatter and fullish on middle, Rahane turns it to Rogers at short leg. Lovely lengths to the new batsman, not letting him go back;
69.4;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run nips forward and nudges the flighted delivery on off stump into the two close-in fielders on the leg side;
69.3;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run flighted into the rough outside off, Rahane drives back at the bowler and there's a humongous puff of dust coming out;
69.2;?;Lyon to Rahane, no run gets down the track and is struck on the front pad as he tries to block. Underestimated the turn, but will survive the leg before shout;
69.1;W;Lyon to Vijay, OUT out on 99! Lyon has struck! Vijay does not want to walk, he had jumped back to try and flick the ball away for his hundred. He missed the ball, he's right in front of all three stumps. Nervous nineties does him in. Kohli goes across to his partner and taps him on the head. It's been a terrific innings from Vijay. One of the openers had to come good and he did. First lbw of the match, by the way;Murali Vijay lbw b Lyon 99 (308m 234b 10x4 2x6) SR: 42.3;
68.6;1b;Harris to Vijay, 1 bye slid down leg and clips the pads and runs away past Haddin;
68.5;4b;Harris to Vijay, 4 byes fuller ball that curls in so late - reverse working for Australia but not doing enough - Vijay leaves and has his off stump still intact. But just by a few feathers. Ryno can't believe it;
68.4;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run First Indian no. 4 to hit two tons in a Test. Second man in history to score two tons in the same Test after Greg Chappell on captaincy debut! pulls off his helmet, kisses his crest on the shirt. Emphatic celebrations from Kohli, fitting this emphatic innings. He pushes to the left of mid-off and races off. His running has been amazing as well and look at that strike rate - 74!;
68.3;?;Harris to Kohli, no run fullish on off stump, slid into the covers with an open face;
68.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run full on off stump, pushed to mid-off;
68.1;2;Harris to Kohli, 2 runs fuller ball outside off, Kohli leans forward to strike it through the covers and tick on to 99!;
67.6;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run good length ball just outside off, Vijay jumps across on off stump and shoulders arms! Loads of rip from the rough and barely misses off stump;
67.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted outside off and he goes for a sweep, hit on the pads and the Aussies go up in appeal. Hit well outside off though;
67.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted outside off, Vijay lunges forward to block;
67.3;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run catch is the cry, but it falls short of short fine leg! Plays a sweep off a length and gets a top edge. Warner was down there, but had no chance;
67.2;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs moves on to 99 with a gorgeous flicking the ball with the turn. Lyon knows how hard it was to place that and claps. Or does he think he's already got his hundred. Didn't quite get it all, but his footwork just about got him to the pitch and he went through to it;
67.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run judges the length early, goes back and clips a good length ball to long leg. Bowling over the wicket;
66.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run full and on the pads as Ryno goes around the wicket, nudged to short midwicket;
66.5;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run;
66.4;2;Harris to Kohli, 2 runs it was in the air and it goes past short midwicket and fell short of him on his right. Rough for Steven Smith. Fuller ball sets Kohli up for his trademark flick;
66.3;?;Harris to Kohli, no run full on off stump, Kohli slices it to gully;
66.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, carefully left alone. He keeps checking the bottom of the bat, that's covered up with tape. Goes over to the square leg umpire to snip a bit of it off;
66.1;?;Harris to Kohli, no run full and wide outside off, Kohli has nailed a fluent cover drive straight at the fielder;
65.6;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted on off stump, that's the line and length he needs to concentrate on as Vijay presses forward to block;
65.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run gets down the track and he bowls a good length ball to keep Vijay to a block. Did well there, Lyono;
65.4;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run tucked behind Rogers at short leg. Lyon's lengths have disappointed in this innings;
65.3;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run goes back and clips the ball through short leg's legs. It was in the air, but Vijay has hit it off the middle;
65.2;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run swatted to short cover, loads of flight outside off and he was looking to hammer the cover boundary. Fielder does well to parry it and keep it to a single;
65.1;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs goes over the wicket now and Kohli has half-pulled and half-swept it to long leg. Loses his bat while trying to pick up a couple;
64.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, refuses to play;
64.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run goes around the wicket to a good length ball on middle and off, defended;
64.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run short and wide outside off, not bothered with;
64.3;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run good length ball on middle, worked away to deep midwicket. Easily done as Ryno displays a perfect double tea-pot;
64.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run full and a shade outside off, punched down to mid-on off the front foot;
64.1;?;Harris to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, shoulders arms;
63.6;6;Lyon to Vijay, SIX runs bang! He's cleared long-on again! It was tossed up on middle and and Vijay enjoys the air given to this ball, allows him to dance down and unleash a full swing of the arms;
63.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, Kohli works it away past short midwicket. Lovely use of the wrists again;
63.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted on off stump, Kohli keeps it down with his wrists;
63.3;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run picked away off middle stump as he goes back and collects a single to a length ball;
63.2;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run shorish on leg stump and Vijay his happy to wear it on the body;
63.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run sweeps from around the wicket, manages to keep it down and it bounces over Warner at leg gully;
62.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed into the covers;
62.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, Vijay covers his stumps and leaves;
62.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fullish on off stump, defended;
62.3;?;Harris to Vijay, no run pushes his body weight forward and drives to mid-on. Ryno bowling full and tempting reverse swing;
62.2;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, Vijay does not bother with it;
62.1;?;Harris to Vijay, no run full and a shade outside off, defended;
61.6;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run runs down the track and whips the ball uppishly to deep midwicket;
61.5;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run pushed down to long-on;
61.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted on middle and he's hit Kohli on the pads in front of middle as he plays the sweep. Huge appeal from Lyon. Erasmus says it would have been high. But EagleEye says impact in line and it was hitting middle! That's another one against the Aussies...;
61.3;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs flighted on leg stump, Kohli looks to play a lap sweep but looks quite awkward doing it. There's a touch of extra bounce it and goes off the leading forearm;
61.2;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run goes back and tucks the ball with the turn to deep midwicket;
61.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run goes back to a length ball and turns it to long leg;
60.6;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, Vijay is almost tempted but pulls his bat back in time and off they go to tea!;
60.5;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run moves around the wicket to a short ball way outside off, shoulders arms;
60.4;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run full on middle, defended down the pitch;
60.3;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, lots of pace on this - 143 kph. Beats Vijay's poke because of that;
60.2;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run slid down the leg side and Kohli has nudged the length ball, at a paltry 125 kph, to deep square leg. Slower ball goes wrong;
60.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run fuller ball outside off, left well alone off the front foot;
59.6;?;Smith to Vijay, no run pushes down the pitch as he is faced with a loopy delivery on leg stump;
59.5;?;Smith to Vijay, no run flighted on middle and leg, Vijay presses forward to block;
59.4;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run goes back to a length ball and taps the ball to deep midwicket;
59.3;?;Smith to Kohli, no run flighted middle, he opens himself up and drives inside out to mid-off. That's his shot;
59.2;4;Smith to Kohli, FOUR runs waits on the ball, looks for the turn so that he can use it to tap the short ball behind point. Perfect footwork to move back, and away to the leg side to give him that room he needed;
59.1;?;Smith to Kohli, no run short and wide outside off, Kohli looks to pull it to the rafters but mistimes towards short midwicket;
58.6;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run 144kph, good length ball probing outside off, Vijay was looking to defend, then decided to leave and the ball runs off the bat to second slip;
58.5;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run finds a yorker on off stump, Vijay taps it to gully;
58.4;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run full and wide outside off, left well alone;
58.3;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run moves around the wicket, back of a length and outside off, blocked;
58.2;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run dropped at short cover, but can that even be called a drop? It was a reflex chance, and it was coming so hard at him. Mitch Marsh was in at short cover and if he had caught that, it would have gone down as the game changing moment. Leaped up to his left, got a hand to it and it dribbled away. Vijay had hammered the leather off that. Credit that he was even brave enough to go for it;
58.1;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run 140kph, goes short on middle and leg, Vijay has enough time to duck under it;
57.6;?;Smith to Kohli, no run good length ball outside off, left well alone;
57.5;3;Smith to Vijay, 3 runs tossed up on leg stump and Vijay has paddled it quite fine for three. Might have been a full toss as well;
57.4;4;Smith to Vijay, FOUR runs full toss on middle, Vijay leans forward this time and drills it to the wide long-on boundary again. India racing towards their 200, and that target keeps getting lower and lower;
57.3;?;Smith to Vijay, no run looped up outside off, Vijay pushes to mid-off. No single there, Kohli;
57.2;?;Smith to Vijay, no run goes back and blocks a good length ball on leg stump. Some turn for Smith. Can't be underestimated;
57.1;4;Smith to Vijay, FOUR runs full toss on middle, hammered to the wide long-on boundary. Vijay just stood and delivered. Didn't need to do much more than power the ball into the gap;
56.6;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run lured into play a drive away from the body and gets a bit of an outside edge towards point. Manages to keep it down though. Beware the sucker ball, at 143 kph no less!;
56.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, shoulders arms;
56.4;1;Johnson to Vijay, 1 run full and on the pads, Vijay has flicked the 143 kph delivery quite smartly to the right of mid-on where Warner saves a few runs;
56.3;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run banged in short as he goes back over the wicket, but it wanders down leg and the batsman ducks as well;
56.2;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run shortish and outside off, Vijay pulls his bat inside the line and leaves;
56.1;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run the angle makes Vijay play, and the shortish delivery straightens outside off to beat him;
55.6;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run full, and a touch slower outside off, Kohli has to check his stroke and push to mid-on. That's a pretty decent plan when both players are batting so intensely;
55.5;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run full on middle, clipped to short midwicket;
55.4;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run good length ball reversing in at him, defended to silly mid-on;
55.3;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run back of a length and slid down leg, Kohli looks to flick and weathers an appeal for caught behind. Kohli wears a broad smile as Erasmus says it was off the thigh pad. And yes, it was;
55.2;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run shortish on off stump, defended;
55.1;4;Siddle to Kohli, FOUR runs fuller delivery outside off, Kohli leans across and caresses it through the covers. Gorgeous timing, and he opened the face just at the right time;
54.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run bravely left by Vijay! It was a good length ball that was reversing back in. Could have kissed off stump, but the angle was just a tad too much across him. Wonder if he had a wry smile, isn't that the most important detail in a leave like that?;
54.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run shortish and slid outside off, Vijay will not be tempted;
54.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run goes around the wicket and pushes a very full delivery across Vijay, shoulders arms wisely;
54.3;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run straying down leg and Kohli's quite strong there, turns it away to deep square leg for a single.;
54.2;?;Harris to Kohli, no run 141kph, shortish and wide of off stump, doesn't need to play;
54.1;2;Harris to Kohli, 2 runs beautifully done. Leans forward and drills a fuller delivery down the ground. Takes a while for mid-on to catch up with it;
53.6;4lb;Siddle to Vijay, 4 leg byes cuts in at him off a fuller length quite sharply, Vijay is unable to get his bat around in line to it. But it deflects off the pads to the fine leg boundary;
53.5;?;Siddle to Vijay, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, Vijay blocks;
53.4;?;Siddle to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, left alone;
53.3;?;Siddle to Vijay, no run full and moving away on off stump, Vijay is comfortably behind it;
53.2;1;Siddle to Kohli, 1 run tucked away to long leg as Kohli waits on the back foot to work the angle in at him;
53.1;?;Siddle to Kohli, no run full and sliding down leg, Kohli looks to flick the ball and misses;
52.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fuller delivery on middle and leg, defended carefully;
52.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, Vijay leaves it well. Some shape away for Harris again;
52.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run full and wide outside off, Vijay fishes at it without any footwork and is lucky not to nick off. Shakes his head and practices a leave.;
52.3;?;Harris to Vijay, no run good length ball on middle, defended stoutly by Vijay;
52.2;?;Harris to Vijay, no run full and a shade outside off, Vijay blocks it. Did that reverse away?;
52.1;1;Harris to Kohli, 1 run full on middle and leg, Kohli works it away to deep midwicket;
51.6;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run pulled away to deep midwicket as Lyon bowls short and outside off;
51.5;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run goes for another hoick over the leg side. Skews off the inside edge as Lyon reads the batsman and bowls flatter. Single to deep midwicket, but could have been a lot more dangerous;
51.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run thumps the ball back at Lyon after running down to the pitch of it. Didn't collect it cleanly, but still feigns to throw;
51.3;2;Lyon to Vijay, 2 runs length ball outside off, Vijay laps it fine;
51.2;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs down the track and he's beaten mid-on. Seemed a bit subdued after lunch, weathered a few appeals and now he's played a good, calculated shot;
51.1;1lb;Lyon to Kohli, 1 leg bye flighted outside off, Kohli looks to sweep and gets struck on the helmet. Bounces off the grille to short fine leg;
50.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run good length ball outside off, Vijay is not bothered with it. A bit of a curl away from Harris as well;
50.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run good length ball outside off, shoulders arms;
50.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run banged in short and outside off, Vijay was set up for a pull but then decides against it;
50.3;?;Harris to Vijay, no run good length ball on off stump, Vijay protects it;
50.2;?;Harris to Vijay, no run full and curling in quite late, Vijay though is able to push down to mid-on;
50.1;?;Harris to Vijay, no run length ball outside off, punched into the covers off the front foot, which doesn't quite go across as much as it should;
49.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a good length ball outside off, tucked to square leg;
49.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off, swept away to square leg. Neatly controlled;
49.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run short ball on off stump, Kohli whip-pulls it to square leg;
49.3;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs what a reply! This was short and wide and Kohli has cracked it behind point as it deserved. Lyon's accuracy has not been quite right, and he know it. Disappointed;
49.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off and Kohli goes back to try and block, but the ball leaps up at him. Surprises him and takes the top splice of the bat and drops into the off side. No silly point;
49.1;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs goes back and tucks a good length ball to long leg and races across for the second run. Kohli means business today!;
48.6;?;Harris to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, shoulders arms;
48.5;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fuller ball inviting the drive outside off, Vijay drives a shade away from the body and into the covers. Puff of dust on the first bounce off the pitch as the ball goes to the fielder;
48.4;?;Harris to Vijay, no run hides the ball as he runs in and delivers a fuller ball that veers in late at Vijay to take his inside edge as he blocks;
48.3;?;Harris to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, slid to point off the open face;
48.2;?;Harris to Vijay, no run fuller delivery cuts back in from outside off, Vijay shoulders arms bravely. Well judged despite the reverse swing;
48.1;?;Harris to Vijay, no run good length ball that cuts back in at Vijay, who waits for the movement and then blocks with a straight bat;
47.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length ball turning in from outside off, tucked to square leg and that's drinks;
47.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run slower through the air and outside off, Kohli nudges to short midwicket;
47.4;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs flighted outside off, Kohli spurns the rough and the turn on this pitch with a gloriously whippy cover drive to bring up the century stand. Shot. of. the. day;
47.3;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs carted it over the leg side infield! It's pretty well populated there with midwickets and square legs and fine legs, but he sends it soaring over all of them with a powerful slog sweep. And even that has a whip to it!;
47.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off to which Kohli presses forward and blocks into the covers;
47.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off, Kohli presses forward and turns to short midwicket;
46.6;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run reverse swing in at Vijay, and he manages to get an inside edge while trying to flick. The late movement makes him mistime his shot;
46.5;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run slid down leg as the fuller ball swings a bit more than Marsh wants it to;
46.4;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, Vijay stands up behind it and blocks;
46.3;2;Marsh to Vijay, 2 runs clipped past midwicket as Vijay keeps to the back foot and flicks;
46.2;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, dribbles away to Haddin on the bounce as Vijay refuses to play;
46.1;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run fuller delivery outside off, Vijay shoulders arms;
45.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back, opens himself up and tucks the ball to one of two short midwickets;
45.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off stump, pushed back at the bowler;
45.4;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to block a good length ball that turns in out of the rough;
45.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up outside off, Kohli whips it back at the bowler;
45.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
45.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run bounce from outside off, but Kohli was quickly back and drops his wrists to keep it from travelling to short leg;
44.6;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run full on off stump and Vijay pushes to mid-off;
44.5;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run fuller ball outside off, let through and it barely carries to Haddin;
44.4;1;Marsh to Kohli, 1 run strays on the pads and Kohli has nudged it to long leg;
44.3;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run short and outside off, pulled early and to mid-on;
44.2;4;Marsh to Kohli, FOUR runs full and outside off, Kohli has squirted it to third man. Lyon is the man chasing after it and it was trickling down to the boundary but the fielder seems to have touched the skirting while flicking the ball back. That's Kohli's fifty. He really needs to convert for his team;
44.1;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, pushed towards point. Australia's chatter has increased out there now. Trying to gee themselves up;
43.6;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted outside off, Vijay sweeps to short fine leg;
43.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run another appeal struck down for Lyon and he is exasperated! Padded up outside off and this had a lot of turn on it too..Marais Erasmus shakes his head. Would it have gone down? It was close though, really close. Eagle Eye says it was umpire's call on clipping leg stump;
43.4;4;Lyon to Vijay, FOUR runs short and wide, Vijay has cracked it behind point and enjoys another boundary. Lyon's not quite flighting the ball and controlling his length as well as he did in the first innings;
43.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run goes back and taps a good length ball to the right of midwicket. Clarke gets to it and goes down! It's the right hammy! He pulled out of the throw, he's limping around in the field. The physio comes out, Clarke is seriously struggling out there. Gets a pat from Shane Watson as he walks off with Alex Kountouris;
43.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run flighted outside off, Kohli lunges forward and blocks outside the line. The turn makes the ball hit him on the pad;
43.1;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run sweeps a length ball from outside off and Vijay has sent the ball to deep square leg;
42.6;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run good length ball that holds its line outside off, Kohli is forward to block and is beaten. Terrific bowling, and the threat of reverse swing looms again;
42.5;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run short and wide outside off, Kohli prefers to leave it well alone;
42.4;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run back of a length and outside off, Kohli does not bother with it;
42.3;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run full and a shade outside off, Kohli pushes to Johnson at mid-off;
42.2;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run shortish and outside off, Kohli whirls his wrists on his spot and cuts the ball into the covers. Dive from the fielder saves a four, I think;
42.1;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run fuller delivery outside off and seaming away, Kohli shoulders arms;
41.6;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run pushes forward to block the flighted ball outside off;
41.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run that's it. Flights it outside off to get thr ough going his way. Hits his stomach as the ball leaps up, turns past his bat with him playing outside the line. Vijay smiles;
41.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run gets down the track, but it is flatter and he can only block;
41.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run reaches forward and turns a flighted delivery from outside off to mid-on. if a bit uppishly;
41.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run moves back to a length ball and pushes to midwicket. "Yes, Lyon. Yes, Lyon" he says;
41.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes back to a good length ball and turns it behind square leg;
40.6;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run back of a length and outside off, Vijay taps to cover;
40.5;?;Marsh to Vijay, no run good length ball on off stump, defended;
40.4;1;Marsh to Kohli, 1 run presses forward with a good length ball and punches to point. Quick single taken as the fielder nails Vijay's bat with the throw.;
40.3;?;Marsh to Kohli, no run fuller delivery outside off, pushed forward and blocks into the covers;
40.2;2;Marsh to Kohli, 2 runs full and tailing in to keep those two short midwickets in play, but Kohli's flick has picked the gap;
40.1;1;Marsh to Vijay, 1 run good length ball on leg stump, turned away to deep square leg;
39.6;2;Lyon to Kohli, 2 runs a bit more bounce and Kohli rides it as he goes back to a good length ball and turns it behind square leg;
39.5;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run another zooter outside off and Kohli manages an inside edge onto pad after jumping back outside off stump;
39.4;4;Lyon to Kohli, FOUR runs powerfully swept away to the square leg boundary. Nailed it again, for a player who rarely plays that shot, he looks quite competent with it because he picks the length;
39.3;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run goes forward and outside off, whips the ball at short leg;
39.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run impact was outside off! That stayed so low, the quintessential zooter that excites Lyon to no end! There was no way Kohli could have touched that, while going for a flick. Lucky for him he had gone back and across and saves himself;
39.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up outside off, nudged past short midwicket as Marsh parries the ball;
38.6;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run fuller ball on off stump, defended;
38.5;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run straightens outside off and Vijay plays for the angle and is beaten. Back of a length and outside off, would had thudded into the middle of his bat had it not changed direction;
38.4;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run goes wide of the crease to deliver this 143 kph bouncer that forces Vijay to duck under it;
38.3;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run full on off stump, pushed to mid-off;
38.2;4;Johnson to Vijay, FOUR runs full and wide, Vijay has lifted it over point and there's no one behind him. Johnson continues around the wicket, by the way;
38.1;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run fuller delivery outside off, pushed to short cover who parries to mid-off, who had gone to cover to back up and has to reverse his direction;
37.6;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted outside off and turns in at him, Vijay pads up and it flicks the top half of the front pad. Would never have turned enough for the leg before appeal;
37.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run goes for a sweep, but its one of those ones he has misjudged;
37.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run tossed up outside off, defended;
37.3;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run flighted outside off, Kohli hits it uppishly past midwicket. So very very close;
37.2;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run good length ball on off stump, Kohli goes back to clip but there is too much bounce. Gets hit on the inside edge and it is caught between his legs. Haddin rushes forward to try and catch the ball as it falls down and then tries to flick the ball onto the stumps too. All too comedic as Kohli stares just at Haddin encroaching his space;
37.1;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run tossed up outside off, Kohli whips the ball to mid-on;
36.6;4;Johnson to Vijay, FOUR runs outside edge as he squares Vijay up on middle and off. Squeaks away past gully. It was back of a length and Vijay was pinned to his crease. Then the ball straightens and puts him in trouble, but soft hands again;
36.5;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run good length ball outside off, pushed into the covers;
36.4;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run shortish on middle and leg, Kohli nudges to deep midwicket;
36.3;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run shortish and slid across him, Kohli was almost ready to pull but then pulls out of it;
36.2;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run the stare is back! the stare is back, people. Bowls a bouncer that Kohli leaves very well. Sinks to his knees and keeps his eyes on the ball all the way. That was 146 clicks;
36.1;1;Johnson to Vijay, 1 run full and on the pads, tucked away through midwicket to bring up his second fifty of the Test. Finally realises it, looks a bit bemused at the applause and then raises his bat;
35.6;?;Lyon to Kohli, no run looped up just outside off and he defends well;
35.5;6;Lyon to Kohli, SIX runs it's short and Kohli has thumped the ball to the midwicket boundary! Huuuuge hit! Went so deep in the crease so quickly and he made no bones about keeping the ball down;
35.4;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run gets forward to the pitch and clips the flighted ball from off stump, and whips it through midwicket;
35.3;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run stays back and has to negotiate a bit of low bounce. Gets his bat down in time to make an outside edge;
35.2;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run hits the rough and hits Vijay in the ribs! He was pushing forward to a good length ball that ripped in at him. Haddin is caught on the stump mic saying, "That thing hurts";
35.1;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run length ball outside off, Vijay runs to meet it with a block. Lobs off the pad and over short leg;
34.6;2;Johnson to Kohli, 2 runs on the pads and Kohli has clipped it between midwicket and mid-on. Good, strong hands from Kohli after he moved onto off stump to play that;
34.5;1;Johnson to Vijay, 1 run leans into a tight drive down to mid-off, the length was asking for it and Vijay is careful to check his stroke;
34.4;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run 143kph, fuller ball outside off, Vijay will not chase after it;
34.3;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run and there it is, fuller and angled across. Vijay shoulders arms;
34.2;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run 138kph, another top class bouncer on middle and Vijay displays good technique as he drops his wrists and jerks his torso away;
34.1;?;Johnson to Vijay, no run 136 kph bouncer that Vijay sways away from. Dug in too short and allowed him enough time to sight it;
33.6;1;Lyon to Vijay, 1 run looped up outside off, and Vijay has swept it strongly to deep square leg. Phew, what a session!;
33.5;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run goes back and punches a shortish ball into the off side;
33.4;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run flighted on off stump, Vijay jumps out and looks to block. But the ball turns past it, takes the pad and goes to short leg. One of those needless appeals this time;
33.3;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run pads up outside off, and off goes Lyon. Lovely appeal, hands spread, down on one-knee. But this might just have bounced over leg stump;
33.2;?;Lyon to Vijay, no run goes for a sweep from way outside off, he can do that and not get out lbw. But he has to be wary of the extra bounce and gloving to slip or short leg;
33.1;1;Lyon to Kohli, 1 run goes back and clips a length ball past short leg and leg slip;
32.6;1;Smith to Kohli, 1 run short and outside off, sat up for Kohli to hammer the ball to deep midwicket. He should have cashed in a bit more there;
32.5;?;Smith to Kohli, no run flighted on middle, Kohli is to the pitch and drives back at the bowler;
32.4;?;Smith to Kohli, no run goes back to a reasonably fuller ball but manages to block. Hands on head from Smith;
32.3;1;Smith to Vijay, 1 run strays on the pads and there isn't much turn off a flatter length, Vijay likes that as he whips to deep square leg;
32.2;?;Smith to Vijay, no run a touch short on off stump, Vijay goes back and punches to mid-off;
32.1;?;Smith to Vijay, no run tossed up on leg stump, lovely line from the wristspinner. Defended;

Gareth: "This baffles me a little. Marsh is meant to be an allrounder, and a good exponent of reverse-swing. Why isn't he bowling?" And he'll have to wait. Here's Steven Smith. Slip and short leg in
Shri: "As India gets to 100, can't help but think that throughout this game, India has lost one more wicket than they should have (100/1 at lunch was good, 100/2 is Australia's session). I think this is going to prove one wicket too many in the end."
 Innings Start