Data
8.40pm Hello folks, that was entertaining.
Steve: "Conway's and Guptill's innings were fantastic, but wow is Maxwell something else when he gets going... simple insane! *NZer by the way*"
Zainulabeddin: "Maxi scored 62 out of 70 in boundaries...." Sami Zaman: "Excellent from Jamieson, the first time I am able to praise him in this series. To give only 8 runs in the last over when the team total is over 200, just might be the deciding factor in this match if things get close." David: "Not Stoinis's most destructive innings ever! Australia would probably have been better served sending out a Jhye Richardson or someone this late in the innings. The big man often takes a little while to get going." Huzaifa Ali: "Maxwell's wicket I think was too little too late.. although they prevented final 2 overs damage but he scored runs in that one Neesham over. Rest all will be extra runs piled on." Rhys Duncan: "Jamieson was very unlucky not to pick up a wicket "
8:31pm Only 14 off the last two overs, but this is a score Australia would have been looking for anyway. And it took a Maxwell masterclass to haul them in this direction. Some of the cleanest hitting after Finch had found his gears and raced to 69, a fifty that's been a long time coming. It wasn't easy going in the first half, particularly with Sodhi's lines outside off. Finch and Maxwell hacked around with some luck at first, as did Josh Philippe, but they made it count when the hitting deliveries came. A nice total to try and stay alive in the series. We're back shortly for the chase with Gnasher in commentary.
19.6;1;Jamieson to Stoinis, 1 run yorker outside off, backs away and can only jam it out into the off side;
19.5;4;Jamieson to Stoinis, FOUR runs carved past short third. Short of a length outside off, gets leg side of that and opens his wrists up to get it between keeper and fielder;
19.4;1;Jamieson to Marsh, 1 run full outisde off, chopped into the covers;
19.3;1;Jamieson to Stoinis, 1 run tough chance dropped at sweeper. Stoinis looks to lash this length ball over extra cover and ends up slicing it high in the end. Conway runs in and dives forward, but can't get his fingers under that;
19.2;?;Jamieson to Stoinis, no run beaten. Good length and wide outside off, shuffles and is in line to crash that over cover. But that jags away late;
19.1;1;Jamieson to Marsh, 1 run wide yorker outside off, jammed to extra cover's right;
18.6;1;Boult to Marsh, 1 run pumped down the ground but only one. It's full and in the slot. Gets the full face on it but long-off is pretty striaght;
18.5;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run short of a length outisde off, shuffles across and pats to point;
18.4;3;Boult to Marsh, 3 runs full at middle stump, shuffles and has a big swish at it. Gets a thick inside edge past short fine. Sodhi's rather slow running after that and they pinch a third that Boult is not happy with;
18.3;?;Boult to Marsh, no run length outside off, looks to drive through cover with the angle. That straightens and takes the inside edge which falls in front of Seifert;
18.2;?;Boult to Marsh, no run short of a length at off stump, looks to drop that into the covers and can't get it off the pitch;
18.1;1;Boult to Stoinis, 1 run short of a length and just outside off, chopped to point at off stump;
13.6;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs bisects the square fielders again. Poor from Boult. Short and wide outside off, he waits on that and cuts it along the floor;
13.5;1;Boult to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length and cramped on the legs. Dabbed into the leg side;
13.4;1;Boult to Finch, 1 run slower ball at a length just outside off, dropped into the covers with soft hands;
13.3;?;Boult to Finch, no run yorker just outside off, jammed back down the pitch;
13.2;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs pummeled to the square leg boundary this time! Another short one and he's seen this early to pull it away with force;
13.1;4;Boult to Finch, FOUR runs sliced between short third man and point. Finch well in the zone now. This is short and angled across middle stump. Arches to create room and places this into the gap;
12.6;4;Neesham to Maxwell, FOUR runs "oh nooooo," shouts Neesham. He's slid this into Maxwell's pads, short of a length and it's an easy tickle down to fine leg;
12.5;?;Neesham to Maxwell, no run forces him to withdraw. Banged in short and wide outisde off. He shuffles for the pull but that one's gripped and climbed as well;
12.4;?;Neesham to Maxwell, no run beaten again. Another slower ball at a length. Maxwell's down the pitch this time to clear the off side and is through it early;
12.3;?;Neesham to Maxwell, no run misses everything. Maxwell through his slog too early. Looks like an offcutter from Neesham that grips and climbs over off stump from a good length;
12.2;2;Neesham to Maxwell, 2 runs short of a length and rising at off stump. Backs away and looks to slap that over cover. It ends up in front of long-on off the toe-end;
12.1;1;Neesham to Finch, 1 run full and just outside off, shuffles and drives along the floor to long-off;
17.6;W;Southee to Maxwell, OUT good catch diving forward by Seifert. Full and in at the stumps. Backs into the leg side to try and reverse ramp over short third. Inside edge onto pad, lobs up for the keeper who does well to get under that with a lunge. What an innings from Maxwell. Got his last 40 runs in 11 balls;Glenn Maxwell c ?Seifert b Southee 70 (37m 31b 8x4 5x6) SR: 225.8;
17.5;?;Southee to Maxwell, no run yorker following him down leg side, looks to whip it into the leg side - whips it into his ankle instead;
17.4;6;Southee to Maxwell, SIX runs slogged over deep midwicket. In the slot outside off, he gets his weight into the back foot and almost falls into the line of this one before swinging his hands clean through it;
17.3;2;Southee to Maxwell, 2 runs yorker at middle and leg, splits the legs and squeezes this off the thick inside edge to deep square leg's right;
17.2;4;Southee to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower short one outside off, waits on it and cuts it over point. Boundaries off his last seven balls now. Southee going with the same plan as last over and Maxwell is waiting on that;
17.1;1;Southee to Stoinis, 1 run short of a length and into off stump, backs away and chops to third man;
16.6;6;Neesham to Maxwell, SIX runs carted over midwicket! 28 off the over! Short outside off, lines him up and swats it over midwicket. No one on the fence there because they've had to protect the off side. Neesham finishes having conceded 60!;
16.5;4;Neesham to Maxwell, FOUR runs oh glorious. The range of this man. Unreal. Brings up fifty off 25 balls. It's a length ball outside off. Not driving length, but he gets on his knees and uses his wrists to carve this past point. Sprints away to the boundary;
16.4;4;Neesham to Maxwell, FOUR runs low full toss at leg stump, backs into the leg side and just chips this over the bowler's head. 18 off the first four balls of this over;
16.3;4;Neesham to Maxwell, FOUR runs good length outside off, clears the front leg and drills it between bowler and mid-off;
16.2;6;Neesham to Maxwell, SIX runs whewww that is flying away! Over square leg and shatters the backrest on a seat. Slower ball and short outisde off. Walks into the line and then...that bat-speed. Incredible;
16.1;4;Neesham to Maxwell, FOUR runs short and wide and gratefully slashed past point;
11.6;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run tossed up full and wide outside off, mistimed drive to long-off;
11.5;2;Sodhi to Finch, 2 runs short outside off, cut to sweeper's left;
11.4;6;Sodhi to Finch, SIX runs oh gloriously swatted over the off side! Looks like a switch hit, because he's changed into a left hander for this. Stance and all. It's short of a length and he uses the turn to pull that over cover to bring up a much needed fifty;
11.4;2nb;Sodhi to Maxwell, (no ball) 1 run high full toss outside off. Looks like he was trying to push that through quicker and it slipped. It is high enough to be a no- ball. A mistimed swat to long-on from Maxwell;
11.3;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover;
11.2;1b;Sodhi to Maxwell, 1 bye beaten on the reverse sweep. Shuffles into Sodhi's wide line, can't get bat on the big swing;
11.1;1;Sodhi to Finch, 1 run short of a length and turning away from off, cut to sweeper cover;
10.6;1;Jamieson to Finch, 1 run length and into the stumps, extends the arms and whips this with the angle to long leg;
10.5;2;Jamieson to Finch, 2 runs just short of mid-on. Looks to whip this over the leg side from wide outside off. It's an awkward bounce for Boult and they pick up two;
10.4;1;Jamieson to Maxwell, 1 run short and just outside off, cut into the turf to wide third man;
10.3;?;Jamieson to Maxwell, no run good length and cramped at middle and leg. Looks to jump to create room but can only pat that out to extra cover;
10.2;1;Jamieson to Finch, 1 run short and just outside off, chopped to a wide third man;
10.1;1;Jamieson to Maxwell, 1 run good length and into middle stump, stays leg side of that and opens the face to run it to third man's right;

Camper: "Chapman is probably the player I'm most looking forward to seeing. I watched him in the Super Smash and wondered why he hasn't played for NZ more. He's such a classy player and has good temperament. Very similar to Conway I'd say."
 Innings Start
10.18pm And that is all from our live coverage tonight. We'll see you soon for the fourth T20I.
Aaron Finch: Nice when you contribute to a win. I suppose that partnership with Maxi allowed us to go deeper. When you get wickets in the powerplay and having the rate at 10 and a half and 11 already, they had to take risks, you squeeze them and that was the difference tonight. Everyone is bloody excited to see Riley. We knew that we weren't too far off in the last game, we were pretty close in the first. We're a young team but that's not an excuse, we come here to win. To be 2-1 is...okay, we're still alive.
Kane Williamson: I thought Australia played outstandingly well. the momentum they got with the bat, we ended up defending a lot of the time. When you get 210 it's always a pretty healthy total. At the same time it was a very good surface. We managed a reasonable start but we lost wickets, which doesn't help. Obviously had to take a few extra risks which didn't go our way either. [Preparation for next game] It's probably no training, just try to make some subtle adjustments. I guess playing on the same surface for three games there's something to look at as well.
Ashton Agar is the Player of the Match.
10.08pm This is comprehensive from Australia. Bat and ball - they've blown New Zealand away tonight. Wasn't the worst of starts in chase, at least in terms of their run rate. But they lost wickets regularly in that opening half, and then Agar came in and ripped their innings apart in one single over. The wickets of Conway, Neesham and Phillips in the 13th over; the pumphouse of that New Zealand middle-order. There would be no recovery after that and he didn't stop there either - three more to cap off sublime bowling figures. Riley Meredith had a fantastic debut tonight as well, constantly clocking over 145kph, occasionally clearing 150kph as well. Two wickets for him, one of them being Kane Williamson. Australia win by 64 runs and this series is alive.
17.1;W;Kane Richardson to Sodhi, OUT and that is that. Richardson takes it pitch side off his own bowling. Good length ball at the stumps, Sodhi clears the front leg and gives it a big heave. It's a skier and taken comfortably around hort midwicket;Ish Sodhi c & b KW Richardson 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
16.6;W;Agar to Jamieson, OUT oh this looks good for a six-for. Umpire's given lbw, Jamieson reviews. It's a straighter one at off and middle. Jamieson steps across to try and ramp it fine. He's caught on the knee flap of his front leg, in front of middle stump. No bat or glove on it. Wickets will be umpire's call. That is six wickets for Agar. Incredible spell!;Kyle Jamieson lbw b Agar 11 (12m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 122.22;
16.5;4;Agar to Jamieson, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, backs away and slaps it over extra cover with a flat bat;
16.4;1;Agar to Sodhi, 1 run good length at off stump, jabbed into the covers off the back foot;
16.3;1;Agar to Jamieson, 1 run good length on middle stump, forced down to long-on with a big swing;
16.2;W;Agar to Chapman, OUT a five-for from Agar! And completed by a very good take from Zampa. Length ball outside off, top edge on the slog sweep hangs to Zampa's right at short third. Swerves away from him and after running sideways to his right, he's forced to then dive forward and to his right. Manages to take it inches off the ground;Mark Chapman c Zampa b Agar 18 (17m 10b 1x4 1x6) SR: 180;
16.1;6;Agar to Chapman, SIX runs sent a long way over deep midwicket! Clean slog sweep that. Length outside off, gets nice and low and uses the turn to send that on its way;
15.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Chapman, 1 run yorker at off stump, jams it to deep midwicket's right;
15.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Chapman, 2 runs full slower ball at middle stump. Backs away to open up the off side, but this is mistimed and ends up at long-on;
15.4;4;Jhye Richardson to Chapman, FOUR runs oh nicely put away. Length ball at middle stump, stands tall and just half a punch to get it past the bowler's face;
15.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, 1 run full at middle stump, mistimed drive to long-on;
15.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, no run yorker at middle stump, jammed down the pitch;
15.1;4;Jhye Richardson to Jamieson, FOUR runs dropped at long-on. Length ball at middle stump, offers the full face and lofts it. The pace takes it to Finch at the boundary, but he loses his bearings after getting under it to his left;
14.6;1;Agar to Jamieson, 1 run good length at off stump, punched off the front foot to long-off;
14.5;?;Agar to Jamieson, no run short of a length at off stump, patted into the covers off the back foot;
14.4;?;Agar to Jamieson, no run arm ball at a length on middle stump, deep in the crease to pat that into the leg side;
14.3;1;Agar to Chapman, 1 run full and fast outside off, thick inside edge on the attempted slog sweep;
14.2;2;Agar to Chapman, 2 runs short of deep square! Meredith tentative running in for this but it swerves away. Chapman got a top edge on his attempted pull;
14.1;W;Agar to Southee, OUT must be great to be Agar. Lobs this loopy length ball outisde off, Southee's feet are down leg side, his bat swishing well outside off. Ends up chipping it to Maxwell at long-off;Tim Southee c Maxwell b Agar 5 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;

James: "Remember that comment at the start that stated Agar should be dropped? Ahhh hindsight is a magical thing..."
 Innings Start
Australia
New Zealand
3rd T20I (N), Wellington, Mar 3 2021, Australia tour of New Zealand
208/4
144
Player of the match is Ashton Agar, AUS
Australia won by 64 runs
