Data
So Bangladesh have managed 104 for 6 in their 22 overs. They tried to go after the bowling from the word go and lost wickets in the process. Glenn McGrath led the way in his metronomic style while the spinners chipped in well later on. All six wickets were taken by the faster bowlers, though, Australia should not have much of a problem overhauling this. Join us in sometime for the reply.
21.6;1;Bracken to Mushfiqur, 1 run Finishes with a slower one. Single to cover to end the innings.;
21.5;1;Bracken to Mortaza, 1 run backed away, full again and the inside edge trickles to Gilchrist's left.;
21.4;4;Bracken to Mortaza, FOUR runs Full ball, angling on leg. Mashrafe backs away and goes for the mighty loft. Thick inside edge races past Gilchrist. Fine leg is up so that has Four written all over it;
21.3;1;Bracken to Mushfiqur, 1 run backs away and punches it away behind point;
21.2;?;Bracken to Mushfiqur, no run Slower ball outside off, Rahim can't make contact as he tries to cut;
21.1;W;Bracken to Habibul Bashar, OUT Another slower ball does the trick. Bracken rolls his fingers over that one and drops it slightly short outside off. Basher pulls it feebly but can't beat Ricky Ponting at short midwicket. Easily done.;Habibul Bashar c Ponting b Bracken 24 (48m 43b 0x4 0x6) SR: 55.81;
21.1;1w;Bracken to Habibul Bashar, 1 wide Around the wicket, full but too wide down leg. Basher tries to work it away but it's too far away;
20.6;?;Symonds to Mortaza, no run backs away, full and fast outside off, swings and misses. Gilchrist laps it up low;
20.5;1;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, 1 run worked away on the leg side;
20.4;1;Symonds to Mortaza, 1 run punched down the long-on;
20.3;6;Symonds to Mortaza, SIX runs Loft. Straight and full, in the slot. Mashrafe lines it up and whistles it way over the bowler for a six. That's brought the crowd to their feet. Clean strike;
20.2;1;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, 1 run backed away, Symonds drops it short and hoicks it for a single to midwicket;
20.1;1;Symonds to Mortaza, 1 run Another full toss. Is this some plan? It must be. Mashrafe can't get hold of it and the thick edge flies to extra cover. Doesn't carry and they take a single;
19.6;1;McGrath to Mortaza, 1 run full ball again. Can't do much with that. Mashrafe drills it to long-off for a single.;
19.5;1;McGrath to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Straight and full. Punched away from the crease, wide of mid-on for a single;
19.4;?;McGrath to Habibul Bashar, no run back of a length, Basher down the ground trying for the loft but misses.;
19.3;?;McGrath to Habibul Bashar, no run yorker this time, homing in on off. Basher digs it out back to the bolwer. Short, slower, yorker. That's variety for you.;
19.2;1;McGrath to Mortaza, 1 run slow this time, outside off. Mashrafe goes for the mighty hoick but an inside edge runs away behind square for a single;
19.1;4;McGrath to Mortaza, FOUR runs Short ball and straight but Mortaza thwacks it. He backs away to the leg side and is followed by Mcgrath but Mortaza pulls it forcefull to the vacant midwicket region for a four. Fine shot;
18.6;1;Bracken to Mortaza, 1 run Slower delivery again, angling into his pads, cracked away to the leg side for a single. Run-a-ball over that;
18.5;1;Bracken to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Basher down the ground and meets the ball on the full. ball flies off the thick edge to cover for a single;
18.4;1;Bracken to Mortaza, 1 run Full ball on middle, Mashrafe backs away and thumps it to wide long-off for a single. Can't get the elevation because it's so full;
18.3;1;Bracken to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Slow ball, angling into middle. Basher tries to go across the line but is deceived by the change of pace and gets an inside edge, onto his pads and gets a single;
18.2;1;Bracken to Mortaza, 1 run Full and angling into leg stump, flicked away for a single to square leg;
18.1;1;Bracken to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Another full toss. Probably the outfield still slightly soggy, preventing the bowlers from gripping it. Maybe, it's a plan. Driven down the ground for a single;
11.6;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run driven to cover for a single;
11.5;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run short and wide, forced away to deep point;
11.4;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run waits for the ball, opens the face of the bat and runs it to short third man;
11.3;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run comes down the track and drives to long-on;
11.2;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run pushed to long-on;
11.1;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run Flighted and straight, Saqib sweeps it away well to deep square leg;
10.6;?;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, no run pushed down the ground;
10.5;2;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, 2 runs Short and cut away to point for a single;
10.4;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run straight and back of a length, cut off the back foot but straight to cover;
10.3;1;Watson to Shakib, 1 run short ball, pulled away to deep backward square leg for a single;
10.2;?;Watson to Shakib, no run pushed to midwicket;
10.1;1;Watson to Habibul Bashar, 1 run good length delivery on the middle and off stump line, driven down to long-on and they stroll across for a single;
17.6;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Driven to extra cover as they complete a quick single;
17.5;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run Basher down the ground and drives back to the bowler;
17.4;2;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 2 runs wrong one from Hogg. Swept but can only manage the top edge to fine leg. Complete a handy couple;
17.3;1;Hogg to Mortaza, 1 run Driven forcefully down the ground. That was a quick, full ball. McGrath mis-fields but he recovers quickly to keep them down to one.;
17.2;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run down the ground, lofted to extra cover for a single;
17.1;1;Hogg to Mortaza, 1 run Another full toss. This time a high one. Mashrafe pulls it away to deep square for a single. None of the full tosses have been given the treatment they deserved;
16.6;?;Tait to Habibul Bashar, no run Good swing that time. Full and outside off. Basher makes room but can't make contact. Bangladesh's batsmen trying to make too much room. Missing regularly. Last four overs have produced just 13 runs.;
16.6;1w;Tait to Habibul Bashar, 1 wide That's the Tait we saw in the first spell. Way down the leg side and giving Gilchrist a big challenge.;
16.5;1;Tait to Mortaza, 1 run clipped away a full one to midwicket for a single.;
16.4;?;Tait to Mortaza, no run Slightly wide but full. Mashrafe makes room and goes for the swat. Too fast for him, though. He's not going to be hanging around.;
16.3;?;Tait to Mortaza, no run Full, almost yorker length. Digs it out towards midwicket and takes of for a single. Sent back by his non-striker. Ponting swoops down and goes for the direct hit. Had it hit, it would have been all over. Luckily for him, Ponting misses.;
16.2;W;Tait to Shakib, OUT Nailed 'em. Wide and full of off stump, 90mph. Saqib goes for the drive but can only get a thick edge. Easy take by Gilchrist behind the stumps. Not Tait's best delivery today but as it happens, produces a wicket. He's come back well in the second spell.;Shakib Al Hasan c ?Gilchrist b Tait 25 (50m 36b 0x4 1x6) SR: 69.44;
16.1;?;Tait to Shakib, no run Full and straight again. You miss, I hit, he seems to be saying. Saqib makes room and slashes it to cover, can't beat the field.;
9.6;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run tapped to short cover and scamper a quick single. Symonds is prowling there but he can't cut off the run;
9.5;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run quicker one, dropped slightly short and outside off, Basher goes for the pull but straight to short midwicket;
9.4;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run Ugly looking sweep but they mange a single in front of square;
9.3;?;Hogg to Shakib, no run beaten this time. Throws it out wide, inviting the cut. Bounces too much for him.;
9.2;?;Hogg to Shakib, no run driven off the back foot, straight to cover;
9.1;?;Hogg to Shakib, no run Full ball on middle, sweeps straight to the fielder at backward square leg;
8.6;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run defended off the front foot, thick inside edge that almost went back onto the stumps. Habibul didn't have much clue about that;
8.5;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run Full and swinging in. Basher tries to flick it but it's a bit too quick. Gets an inside edge and goes on to deflect off the pads. Watson gets excited with an appeal but that seemed to hit the bat;
8.4;2;Watson to Habibul Bashar, 2 runs Full and slightly slow. 71mph Driven confidently between the cover fielders for a brace;
8.3;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run full ball on off, tapped to the off side. Good start from Watson;
8.2;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run wide of the stumps this time, Basher goes for a tame cut but can't make contact.;
8.1;?;Watson to Habibul Bashar, no run Full length on off, Habibul Basher defends it to cover.;
15.6;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run down the track and driven back to the bowler;
15.5;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run;
15.4;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run Second full toss of the over, Saqib sweeps it away for a single;
15.3;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run;
15.2;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run dropped. Dipping full toss and Basher down the ground and tries to loft it over the fielder. Can't get the timing and hits it straight back. Hogg goes for the return catch but muffs it after getting his hand to it. Not the easiest of catches but Hogg is usually good off his own bowling;
15.1;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run Saw him charging down the track and held it back. Saqib was forced to tap it to the off side and complete a single;
14.6;1;Tait to Shakib, 1 run Right in the blockhole this time. Saqib gives himself room but only digs it out and drives down the ground to long-off for a single. Good return for Tait;
14.5;?;Tait to Shakib, no run This is a good length and line. Gettiing pacier by the ball. Driven to cover by Saqib but can't pierce the field.;
14.4;1;Tait to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Similar delivery, Basher goes across the line but again gets an inside edge that deviates off the pads to third man. Single again;
14.3;1;Tait to Shakib, 1 run Gives himself room and slaps it to cover. Tait keeping it full and straight. He's getting a hint of swing as well. Better start to his second spell than his first;
14.2;1;Tait to Habibul Bashar, 1 run Slowly cranking it up. Full again and starting outside off and swinging in. Basher goes for the drive but an inside edge richochets off his pads and trickles to the off side. They scamper a quick single;
14.1;?;Tait to Habibul Bashar, no run Starts off with a 145kph. Full and straight. Driven down the ground by Basher, back to the bowler;
13.6;?;Hogg to Shakib, no run Gives it a bit of air, Saqib down the track and drives but straight back to the bowler. The two Australian spinners are doing a good job here;
13.5;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run dropped dlightly short and Basher rocks back and cuts it away to deep point;
13.4;?;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, no run;
13.3;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run Full toss, that didn't come out well but Saqib can't get the timing right. Sweeps it straight to deep square for a single. It was predemidated and he didn't expect the full toss;
13.2;1;Hogg to Habibul Bashar, 1 run full and outside off, punched to mid-off;
13.1;1;Hogg to Shakib, 1 run lofted over cover for a single;
12.6;?;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, no run punched down to mid-on, Hodge again cuts it off;
12.5;?;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, no run;
12.5;1w;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, 1 wide Quick and fired down leg side, Basher almost overbalances and Gilchrist collects it well and snaps off the bails. Fine work there. Appeal goes up for a stumping but the umpire is calling a wide. No need for the third umpire;
12.4;1;Symonds to Shakib, 1 run Bit quicker, straight too, Saqibul pushes it to mid-on for another single;
12.3;1;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, 1 run punched to mid-on. Easily done;
12.2;?;Symonds to Habibul Bashar, no run full and straight, spin in tandem now. Flicked to midwicket, Hodge moves across and cuts it off very well;
12.1;1;Symonds to Shakib, 1 run punched down to mid-on;
7.6;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run Full and slow again, nice testing delivery. Saqibul pushes tamely to the cover.;
7.5;W;McGrath to Ashraful, OUT Goodbye Mr Ashraful. Slow delivery from the master. Good length on off and tempting, very tempting. Ashraful makes room again and tries to clear mid-on but is deceived by the pace. Ball soars high in the air, Ponting back-peddles and takes a well-judged catch. McGrath's spell reads 3.5-0-9-3. Bread and butter for Pidge;Mohammad Ashraful c Ponting b McGrath 6 (11m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
7.4;?;McGrath to Ashraful, no run full ball, almost yorker length and Ashraful digs it out. Down the ground to mid-on;
7.3;?;McGrath to Ashraful, no run Tries the paddle again but that's too wide of off and too full to go for that. He changes his shot in the last minute and taps it to the off side.;
7.2;4;McGrath to Ashraful, FOUR runs Backs away and flays. Good length ball outside off and Ashraful nonchalantly thwacks it over the off-side ring for a four. Good afternoon, Mr McGrath;
7.1;?;McGrath to Ashraful, no run Back of a length, defended off the back foot. Man stationed in the deep for the pull;
6.6;2;Tait to Shakib, 2 runs Short ball, goes for the pull. Ball gets high on him, hits the top part of his bat and drops well wide of Hogg at mid-on. The second run was a tight one but Hogg was wayward with his throw;
6.5;?;Tait to Shakib, no run Wide of off, Saqib gets the room to swish and he goes for it but can't make contact. Tait is racy here. He's bowling at around 150kph, and not mph as I had mentioned earlier. Now that would be unreal.;
6.4;?;Tait to Shakib, no run Quick again, back of a length and outside off, punched off the back foot to cover;
6.3;2;Tait to Shakib, 2 runs Seven fielders on the off and Tait bowls it full on leg. Saqib only needs to clip it off his pads for an easy two. That was slightly behind square;
6.2;1;Tait to Ashraful, 1 run Full and outside off, well played by Ashraful, driven wide of mid-off for a quick single.;
6.2;1w;Tait to Ashraful, 1 wide Tait down leg again. He's not got his direction right. Speedy though. Ashraful swings but can't make contact;
6.1;?;Tait to Ashraful, no run Straight and full and Ashraful meets it with the full face of the bat. For the first time in his innings. Driven crisply to mid-on. No run, though.;
6.1;1w;Tait to Ashraful, 1 wide Full and angling down leg. Ashraful again tries the sweep-paddle-scoop shot. He's come in with a plan but it's proving a bit risky at the moment.;
5.6;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run Defended on the back foot towards short midwicket;
5.5;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run driven straight to cover. Saqibul seems to be playing this sensibly but that's exactly what we said about Aftab and Shahriar.;
5.4;1;McGrath to Ashraful, 1 run How cute was that? Good length outside off, Ashraful moves across the off stump, takes a walk almost, and tries to cutely scoop it to fine leg. No timing, no placement. It goes way in the air, before landing just short of a forward running backward square leg. Reckless? You bet;
5.3;W;McGrath to Aftab, OUT Catch! You beauty! Back of a length on off, Aftab down the track and tries to drive over mid-off but can't get the timing. Just like Tamim. It appears to have the elevation to beat mid-off but, Oh, look who's there. Nathan Bracken times his jump perfectly and latches on to the ball while in mid-air. You specy! McGrath becomes the highest wicket-taker in World Cups. Take a bow, again.;Aftab Ahmed c Bracken b McGrath 11 (14m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 157.14;
5.2;1;McGrath to Shakib, 1 run Straighter and drifting down leg, Saqibul flicks it for a single behind square leg;
5.1;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run Back of a length and straight. Defended confidently back to the bowler.;
4.6;1;Tait to Shakib, 1 run Full and wide, has a go at it. They are going for them now, they have to. Races to third man for a single;
4.5;?;Tait to Shakib, no run Short ball. 152mph. Better directed this time. Saqibul on the back foot and gets behind the line. Drops it close to his body. Good technique there.;
4.4;6;Tait to Shakib, SIX runs Saqibul joins the party. Short and wide outside off, Nafees swings hard, real hard. It flies off the thickish edge and steeples to the third man fence. Bounces on the rope. Maximum;
4.3;3;Tait to Aftab, 3 runs Again, this time full and straight. Aftab swishes it over the infield. The outfield is desperately slow and they can only get three. That deserved more. It's not slogging but all correct cricket.;
4.2;4;Tait to Aftab, FOUR runs Take that as a response. Back of a length and again drifting into leg, Aftab whips it in style and it races away behind square for a four. Now that's what I call a retort.;
4.1;?;Tait to Aftab, no run Toe crusher this time. Swinging in from middle and into the block-hole for Aftab. He loses his balance after being hit on his feet. That was a scorcher;
4.1;1w;Tait to Aftab, 1 wide Poor start. 146mph but full and swinging outside leg. Wide called. But he can pose a real threat with his pace;
3.6;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run back of a length and on the money. No Halley's comet, after all. Driven off the back foot to cover;
3.5;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run yorker length outside off, driven to mid-off;
3.4;?;McGrath to Shakib, no run Rising bouncer this time. Left alone from Saqibul;
3.4;1w;McGrath to Shakib, 1 wide Has Halley's comet struck? A wide way down leg side from Mcgrath. Gilchrist dives full length and collects it.;
3.3;W;McGrath to Nafees, OUT Touche! 132.3mph. That's No.55 for GD McGrath, equalling Wasim Akram's record for the most World Cup dismissals. Yorker homing in on middle stump. Too quick for Shahriar and was nailed all ends up. Plays all over it and loses his off stump. GD McGrath, take a bow!;Shahriar Nafees b McGrath 1 (15m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
3.2;1;McGrath to Aftab, 1 run Straight and back of a length again. That McGrath length. Aftab gets a thick inside edge while trying to defend. The ball trickles to the leg side as they complete a single;
3.1;?;McGrath to Aftab, no run Back of a length and outside off. On the money. Aftab pushes it to cover. Sensible so far but is it just a matter of time?;
2.6;?;Bracken to Nafees, no run Short ball and it's Nafees's chance to charge down the wicket. Gilchrist standing back this time. Nafees takes a massive swipe and misses. He seems to be missing his opening partner Tamim.;
2.5;3;Bracken to Aftab, 3 runs Fine start, confident push down the ground. Classy start from Aftab. Full ball on off and he's balanced all the way, caressing it down the ground for three. Outfield expectedly slow. Hogg chases it down.;
2.4;W;Bracken to Tamim, OUT Got 'em. Bracken takes the pace off the ball and drops it at a good length. Tamim on his knees and thinking of the slog sweep. Then he realises it's too wide and decides to go with the slap over the bowler's head. Can't get the timing yet again and only manages a tame catch to Brad Hogg at mid-off. One down.;Tamim Iqbal c Hogg b Bracken 3 (11m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 21.42;
2.3;?;Bracken to Tamim, no run Back of a length, he tries to tip it to the off side and take off for a single. Woudl have been dangerous. Sent back;
2.2;1;Bracken to Nafees, 1 run wide of off and back of a length, Shahriar has all the time to stay back and glide it to third man for a single;
2.1;1;Bracken to Tamim, 1 run Full ball outside off, Tamim cover-drives but can't pierce the field again, slightly wide of cover and they manage a single;
1.6;1;McGrath to Tamim, 1 run slightly short from McGrath this time. Tamim gets on the back foot and clips it to the leg side for a quick single. Good start from McGrath;
1.5;?;McGrath to Tamim, no run yorker. That was homing in on middle and leg. Tamim digs it out.;
1.4;?;McGrath to Tamim, no run Hmm. Reckless or audacious? Down the ground again, starts too soon. Swings the bat and can't make contact. It's a good length ball outside off and Tamim missis it by a country mile;
1.3;?;McGrath to Tamim, no run Tamim tries to let loose. Back of a length but he's down the ground straight away. Meets the ball at a good length and lets rip a slash, can't find the gap and straight to cover.;
1.2;?;McGrath to Tamim, no run Oh! Back of a length and probing on off. Tamim pushes his front foot forward and watches as the ball clips the pad and goes through to the wicketkeeper. Caught in two minds there. McGrath thinks of an appeal but stops. Fine ball;
1.1;?;McGrath to Tamim, no run On the spot straight away. How does he do it? We've wondered that for many years. Left alone by Tamim.;
0.6;?;Bracken to Nafees, no run Back of a length and outside off, not that short but Nafees decides to go. Tries the pull but can't make contact. Bangladesh's openers have the energy about them. No fear, let's go;
0.5;1;Bracken to Tamim, 1 run This time on middle, fuller and Tamim doesn't hold back, goes for the drive and gets it past the bowler but Brad Hogg dives full length from mid-on and stops it. Keeps the batsmen down to a single;
0.4;?;Bracken to Tamim, no run 82.1mph, good length this time, starting on off but ball not moving much yet. Tamim drives confidently but straight to Andrew Symonds at cover;
0.3;?;Bracken to Tamim, no run Slightly wide outside off, back of a length that time. Left alone;
0.2;?;Bracken to Tamim, no run Starting from off this time. Again, not much swing. Tamim drives but can't get the timing right. Mistimed to mid-off;
0.1;?;Bracken to Tamim, no run Over the wicket, angling down leg, hint of swing, but that was just a loosener. Tamim tries to flick it but can't make contact. Slight appeal but that was going down leg.;

So the wait is finally over. Tamim Iqbal and Shahriar Nafees make their way to the middle. Nathan Bracken is all set with the new ball. The patient few who have turned up are finally ready for the first ball. Here we go ...
Toss Ricky Ponting has won the toss and decided to field. He reckons there is a bit of moisture in the pitch that will help his bowlers. A bit!
Habibul Bashar feels that 180 will be a good score on this pitch. Now that is going to need one batsman to simply smoke it.
Teams Australia unchanged. Bangladesh made one late change: Tapash Baisya the veteran right-arm medium-pacer comes in for Syed Rasel.
Australia: 1 Adam Gilchrist (wk), 2 Matthew Hayden, 3 Ricky Ponting (capt), 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Andrew Symonds, 6 Mike Hussey, 7 Shane Watson, 8 Brad Hogg, 9 Nathan Bracken, 10 Glenn McGrath, 11 Shaun Tait.
Bangladesh: 1 Shahriar Nafees, 2 Tamim Iqbal, 3 Saqibul Hasan, 4 Aftab Ahmed, 5 Habibul Bashar (capt), 6 Mohammad Ashraful, 7 Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), 8 Abdul Razzak, 9 Mohammad Rafique, 10 Mashrafee Mortaza, 11 Tapash Baisya.
Our statsguru HR Gopalakrishna informs me that this will be Ponting's 16th World Cup game as captain and he equals Allan Border's Australian record for the same. He is yet to lose a World Cup match as captain. Mohammad Azharuddin holds the record for captaining in most World Cup games (23).
It's official. Toss at 2pm local time (18 GMT) and start at 2:30pm (18:30 GMT). It's a 22 overs a side game. Only two bowlers can bowl five overs. Power Plays for the first nine overs. If Col. Frank Slade was around, he would have let out one mighty "Hoo-Ah!"
Update The umpires have decided to have another inspection at 1:20pm (17:20 GMT). The Australians are warming up on the field and play is expected to start at 2pm (18:00 GMT).
Nick has an idea: "I notice there are a heap of Aussies at the ground. Just tell 'em the reason for the dampness is the nearby brewery leaking into the groundwater - they'll have the outfield sucked dry in no time"
David Lane writes: "David Gower seems to be getting his info from this site as he just quoted Andrew's maths without mentioning the source!" In which case Hello Mr Gower ...
Dan: " I cant remember the last time cricket BORED me so much, and I had the unfortunate pleasure of watching a certain Geoffrey Boycott bat." Did you wait in the rain for Sir Geoffrey to bat, Dan? Now, that would have taken some passion.
Damo from Sweden: "How 'bout we crack out a few lines of Kumbayah and light a few fires to dry the outfield?" Yes, how 'bout?
Some good news now: "The sun's out, the wind's out, we are coming back out every half hour," says umpire Billy Bowden. "We are positive we can get a game in." 2:47pm (18:47 GMT) start is the latest to get 20 overs each in. Next inspection at 12.45 (16:45 GMT)
Kanet writes in: If I have a shower I get a little damp... then I dry myself with things that absorbs water, is this a new thing or should I throw a patent on it and make a fortune?"
Colin Richards puts in his two pence: "The old Bourda ground used to attract fish on the outfield. Whilst this is obviously not bad enough could anyone trig for shellfish. Its an easter traditional here in the Southwest."
K emails in: "Help me reason dis, rain fall last nite, rite? Wha happen, not enough saucepan in Antigua fuh ketch di watah???"
And then there's good old Fudz, from Australia: "Oh man! What an awesome game!! It had thrills! Spills! Controversy! I am of course referring to the Manchester United vs Blackburn game that just finished; 4-1 to United. Highlights available on YouTube. Farout, this game hasnt started? Hope you boys doing the commentary have got some good EPL coverage, Chelsea about to take on Watford!"
Anthony writes in with a suggestion: "ICC - note to self RE: 2011 World Cup. Add to items required to hold a World Cup - sponges"
There's a boggy area by the edge of the square as well, apparently. The outfield has improved a bit. Another inspection at noon (16:00 GMT). Andrew adds: "This is looking like a farce in the making." That reminds me of Karl Marx, who once famously said: "History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce." Completely unconnected but such is the mood.
Andrew has decided to spend his time doing some arithmetic: "Some bloke has just appeared with piece of sponge, a square metre's worth at most, and is treading futilely on it. Now he's wringing it out on the boundary's edge. If that little exercise has taken him, say, four minutes, to cover the remaining 16,000 square metres will take him approximately 1066 hours, or 44 days."
As you can clearly see, both of us are highly bored. Please let us know your thoughts here
More from Andrew: "We'll get another update at 11am local time (15:00 GMT). The bloke with roller has appeared at last. But after randomly ironing a fairly dry patch of grass, he's retreated to the boundary's edge and completely ignored the offending quagmire. Maybe he's afraid he'll fall in. The damp patches are still too damp for an immediate start. The sponsorship logos are being nailed onto the outfield though, so someone somewhere thinks a game must be imminent. Some bloke has appeared with a tape measure. Is he thinking of bringing the boundaries in, I wonder?"
Bangladesh won't be too impressed if that was to happen (they have a slew of spinners in their side. "Though," as Andrew says, "they won't object too vehemently to an shortened game either."
There's a lot to read on Cricinfo in the mean time: Osman Samiuddin, our Pakistan editor, comments on the aftermath of defeat and the options available in front of a team looking to rebuild. Also, Anand Vasu, our man in Bangalore, pays tribute to Anil Kumble, who announced his one-day retirement yesterday. Read on.
Yet another update: Inspection at 10:15am. The two policemen, sorry umpires, are Aleem Dar and Billy Bowden. One a former legspinner from Lahore and another a jovial eccentric from Auckland.
Another update Andrew has some more information, mostly bad news: "Everything is spick and span and ready for the start, except for two big quagmires on the boundary's edge. The commentators are already speculating about 20 overs a side, because there doesn't seem to be any move to dry these patches up. And seeing as they are the straight boundaries, Bangladesh's spinners won't be too keen to bring the ropes in.
"Meanwhile the Australian fitness trainers are power-walking around the boundary's edge. They've done three laps already in the last five minutes. Boredom inspires the wierdest behaviour." Andrew, we see, is keeping a keen eye on the happenings.
Update: There will be an inspection at 9:30am local time (13:30 GMT). So more on that soon. Andrew 'Father of Bangladesh Cricket' Miller has some information: "There are some very soggy-looking puddles in the outfield at the moment. A bit overcast but blue skies are threatening to come through."
While you get ready for the match, you might want to chew on Andrew's piece on Mashrafe Mortaza, Bangladesh's bowling spearhead.
Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's live coverage of the Super Eights clash between Australia and Bangladesh at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound in Antigua. I'm Siddhartha Vaidyanathan and will be taking you through the day's events.
It's a wet day in North Sound and the start is bound to be delayed. There has been some overnight rain and the conditions are wet and gloomy. We will bring you the updates as and when we have them.
There is expected to be an inspection at 9am local time (it's currently 8:40am) and the umpires will then decide on the course of action. Meanwhile you can check out the preview by Andrew Miller.
The outfield is slushy but the groundstaff are doing their bit with the Super Sopper to dry up the main square. The drainage facilities are excellent in most of the new grounds and it shouldn't take too long to dry the grass once the sun is out.
What they said
Habibul Bashar, Bangladesh captain: "We're not finished yet. It is not going to be easy; it will be very tough. But we believe it is not an impossible task. We had a good win against New Zealand, another against India - and we strongly believe that if we play well together on our day we can beat anyone."
Ricky Ponting, Australia's captain: "The cricket you've seen us play the last few weeks would indicate that tomorrow, the way we are going at the moment, that we should be able to play cricket good enough to win this game. That's all we've been focused on the last couple of days."
 Innings Start
So Australia wrap up the first ten-wicket win in this World Cup. It was an expected victory but they went about in in clinical style. Bangladesh let themselves down with the bat and never really had a chance once they made just 104. Hayden and Gilchrist are as devastating an opening pair as any and they completed the job in just 13.5 overs. Australia look unstoppable, Bangladesh will hope to pick up the pieces when they take on New Zealand on April 2.
Thanks for joining us for today's game. I'm Siddhartha Vaidyanathan signing off for Cricinfo. Good night, good luck
13.5;6;Shakib to Hayden, SIX runs It's all over. Slog swept way over midwicket this time. He can be dynamite this man. Matt the Bat finishes it in style.;
13.4;1;Shakib to Gilchrist, 1 run punched to cover for a single;
13.3;1;Shakib to Hayden, 1 run;
13.2;6;Shakib to Hayden, SIX runs That's a biggie! Hayden charges down the ground, meets the ball on a half-volley and lofts it straight way, way back into the stands. It was muscled that one and Hayden can beef them spectacularly;
13.1;?;Shakib to Hayden, no run Round the wicket from Razzaq. Straight and full, pushed down the ground;
12.6;?;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, no run driven to cover. Full ball from Rafique this time;
12.5;4;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, FOUR runs quick and short, slightly wide as well and all that Gilchrist needs to do is rock back and back-cut it between short third man and point. It was in the air but in the gap. No chance for either men;
12.4;1;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, 1 run down the ground again, ball speared in on leg and Hayden on-drives it for a single;
12.3;?;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, no run punched back to the bowler;
12.2;1;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, 1 run driven down the long-on for a single;
12.1;6;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, SIX runs Flighted outside off, Gilchrist down the ground in a flash, clatters it over extra cover with a pendulum smooth swing. Man at long-ff but he can't reach that. Way over for a six.;
11.6;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run on the back foot to a quick one, patted back to the bowler;
11.5;4;Razzak to Hayden, FOUR runs good length ball outside off, Hayden down the ground and tries to loft it over long-on, beaten in the flight but gets a thickish edge that speeds away to the midwicket fence. Such is the power he generates;
11.4;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run Full and straight, Hayden pushes it back to the bowler;
11.3;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run Down the ground but it's held back well by Razzak. He saw Hayden coming there. It's glided straight to third man;
11.2;1;Razzak to Gilchrist, 1 run Quicker ball, Gilchrist down the track and punches it through mid-on for a single;
11.1;?;Razzak to Gilchrist, no run Full and on off, driven straight to cover. Crisp shot, though;
10.6;1;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, 1 run slightly short and angling down leg, Gilchrist turns it to the vacant short midwicket region. Seven off the over. Too easy now.;
10.5;1;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, 1 run down the ground, flicked away behind square for a single;
10.4;?;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, no run Good loop from over the wicket this time. Pitches on leg and Hayden pushes straight to the short fine leg;
10.3;?;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, no run Gives himself room but can't get the timing to blitz it past cover. Finds the fielder and decides against the single;
10.2;1;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, 1 run tapped down the ground off the back foot. Rafique drops it slightly short this time;
10.1;4;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Flighted it straight, Gilchrist down the ground and powers it to the right of cover. The ball is timed well and gets past the slow outfield for another four;
9.6;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run back foot punch down the ground;
9.5;4;Razzak to Hayden, FOUR runs slightly slower this time, flighted outside off and fuller, Hayden slog sweeps it crisply over midwicket for a forceful four. When he hits them ... you know the rest;
9.4;1;Razzak to Gilchrist, 1 run quick ball, square driven and scampers a single;
9.3;?;Razzak to Gilchrist, no run;
9.2;2;Razzak to Gilchrist, 2 runs slightly short and angling into the pads, tucked away in front of square and the batsmen manage two by the time the fielder gets around;
9.1;?;Razzak to Gilchrist, no run Razzak over the wicket. Fired in at a good length. Gilchrist pushes it back to the bowler;
8.6;1;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, 1 run drops it a bit short, cut away square for a quick single;
8.5;?;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, no run on the back foot again, tapped to mid-off;
8.4;?;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, no run patted back to the bowler;
8.3;?;Mohammad Rafique to Gilchrist, no run Fine ball that. Straight and full. Gilchrist goes back and pushes it down the ground. Had he missed, that was plumb;
8.2;1;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, 1 run good length ball, too straight. Hayden whips it off his pads for a single;
8.1;?;Mohammad Rafique to Hayden, no run Round the wicket and straight. Hayden pushes it to the off side but can't manage a single;
7.6;2;Razzak to Gilchrist, 2 runs quicker ball but Gilchrist reads it well, it's outside off and he rocks back to aquare drive crisply. The slow outfield keeps them to two but it deserved four. Good ball, better shot;
7.5;?;Razzak to Gilchrist, no run short and outside off, driven off the back foot to cover;
7.4;1;Razzak to Hayden, 1 run Drifing down leg, Hayden turns it to short midwicket and takes off. Direct hit would have been out but Hayden survives;
7.3;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run driven to cover off the front foot. Razzak not giving Hayden much room;
7.2;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run patted back to the bowler, flat and quick again;
7.1;?;Razzak to Hayden, no run Quick through the air, outside off, beating Hayden with pace.;
6.6;1;Mortaza to Hayden, 1 run Backs away and tries to swivel around to pull it but can't get the timing. The ball goes to deep square leg as the batsmen complete a single;
6.5;1;Mortaza to Gilchrist, 1 run Slghtly slow ball, angling in on middle, Gilchrist reads it well and taps it to mid-on for a single.;
6.4;1;Mortaza to Hayden, 1 run Again tries a walk down the pitch but stops after one step, tapped to the off side for a quick single;
6.3;?;Mortaza to Hayden, no run slightly short, Hayden on the frotn foot but it's rising on him. Punched away to the cover fielder;
6.2;1;Mortaza to Gilchrist, 1 run short and Gilchrist stands and unleashes a pull, deep square leg comes around to midwicket and keeps them to a single;
6.1;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run back of a length on off stump, he gets behind the line and pushes back to Mortaza;
5.6;1;Aftab to Gilchrist, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, punched off the back foot towards mid-off for a single;
5.5;1;Baisya to Hayden, 1 run full toss. Hayden pushes it to mid-off and completes a quick single. Tapash Baisya seems to have pulled a muscle there. He's in trouble. Hayden goes up to him and enquires what's wrong. He appears in some trouble. Second casualty of the match, after Shane Watson earlier left the field with a calf strain?;
5.4;6;Baisya to Hayden, SIX runs That's a scorcher down the ground. Hayden picks it up from a good length and lofts if way over mid-on for a six. Clean hit. Hayden can be brutal with those;
5.3;2;Baisya to Hayden, 2 runs short of a length, Hayden doesn't have much room but manages a cut nevertheless. Past the cover field for two;
5.2;2;Baisya to Hayden, 2 runs Full on off, moving away slightly. Hayden tries to push it through mid-on but gets a thick edge past the slip. Batmsen run hard and complete a good brace;
5.1;?;Baisya to Hayden, no run full and outside off, Hayden shoulders arms;
4.6;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run slower ball, full and on off. Gilchrist pats it back down the ground back to the bowler;
4.5;1;Mortaza to Hayden, 1 run walks down the ground again but it's a straight ball. Turned away in front of square for a single;
4.4;?;Mortaza to Hayden, no run good length, down the leg side again but Hayden can't get it past the short fine leg;
4.3;1;Mortaza to Gilchrist, 1 run on the short side and Gilchrist steers it off the back foot to third man;
4.2;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run Straighter, better length too. Gilchrist on the back foot and defends down the ground;
4.1;4;Mortaza to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Too straight, drifting down leg. Fine leg is up and Mortaza angles down leg. Gilchrist just needs to turn it efficiently, past the fielder for another four. He's motoring along now. An early shower beckons;
3.6;1;Baisya to Gilchrist, 1 run full again and struck to mid-off. The fielder is at the edge of the circle so they complete an easy single;
3.5;?;Baisya to Gilchrist, no run Back of a length and outside off, not much room for Gilchrist and he is slightly cramped for space as he tries to cut. Drops down the pitch and the bowler cleans up;
3.4;4;Baisya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs slightly slower, straighter too. Gilchrist watches it carefully and punishes it past the bowler for another four. Ripper!;
3.3;4;Baisya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Drilled down the ground crisply. Too full and outside off, Gilchrist on the front foot and cracks it past mid-off for a glorious four;
3.2;4;Baisya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs too wayward this time, down the leg side and full. Gilchrist turns it away past the keeper for four. Fine leg inside the circle. Poor line;
3.1;1;Baisya to Hayden, 1 run driven to the off side for a single;
2.6;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run Back of a length, defended to the off side;
2.5;1;Mortaza to Hayden, 1 run walks down the track again but is cramped for room this time. Tucked in front of square for a single;
2.4;?;Mortaza to Hayden, no run Straighter, good length from Mortaza. Hayden defends it back to the bowler;
2.3;4;Mortaza to Hayden, FOUR runs A Hayden special. Walking down the pitch with an air of arrogance and slaps it between point and cover for a crackling four. Good ball, made to look ordinary;
2.2;?;Mortaza to Hayden, no run Slightly straighter, similar back of a length, Hayden cuts but straight to point.;
2.1;?;Mortaza to Hayden, no run round the wicket again, well outside off and good bounce. Hayden flashes but can't make contact.;
1.6;?;Baisya to Gilchrist, no run back of a length and angling away. Gilchrist watches it before deciding to leave it alone. Good over but it cost 10.;
1.5;1;Baisya to Hayden, 1 run square driven confidently for a single;
1.4;1;Baisya to Gilchrist, 1 run Another edge but this time it's wide of the slip. Single that time;
1.3;4;Baisya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Dropped. Superb ball from Baisya. Pitched back of a length on off and moved away fter pitching. Gilchrist doesn't move his feet and gets an edge, ball flies to the wicketkeeper's left. He is going the wrong away initially and can't make ground to pick up the low chance. Races away for four;
1.2;?;Baisya to Gilchrist, no run Full ball on off, not much swing, though. Gilchrist drives straight to cover.;
1.1;4;Baisya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs Over the wicket, angling it away from Gilchrist. On the front foot and eased away through extra cover. The outfield is slow but the shot has enough timing to fetch four. The cover fielder is a bit too late to reach it;
0.6;1;Mortaza to Gilchrist, 1 run punched wide of mid-off for an easy single.;
0.5;1;Mortaza to Hayden, 1 run Fine ball, back of a length and on off, moves away after pitching. Hayden gets an edge that drops well short of first slip. Mis-field allows them to complete a single;
0.4;3;Mortaza to Gilchrist, 3 runs back of a length and outside off, Gilchrist on the back foot and square driven again, finds the gap this time and picks up an easy three;
0.3;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run back of a length, Gilchrist on the front foot and crisply drives it to cover. Can't find the gap, straight to the fielder;
0.2;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run full length ball, outside off. left alone by Gilchrist;
0.1;?;Mortaza to Gilchrist, no run Starts round the wicket straight away. Full ball on off, flicked away to short midwicket;

Welcome back for Australia's chase. They need 105. Matthew Hayden and Adam Gilchrist are making their way out to join the rest in the middle. Mashrafe Mortaza has the ball in his hands.
 Innings Start
Bangladesh
Australia
29th Match, Super Eights, North Sound, Mar 31 2007, ICC World Cup
104/6
106/0
Player of the match is Glenn McGrath, AUS
Australia won by 10 wickets (with 49 balls remaining)
