Data
Phew, that was some innings from Australia. Led by David Warner's maiden T20I century and blistering fifties by Finch and Maxwell. "It's great to come out and play on nice true wickets," Warner says. "The tone was set by Finchy. I tried to go on and be there at the end. I'd like to think we have enough runs." Fair to say this will take some chasing by Sri Lanka. With the exception of Pradeep they were very poor with the ball. Australia have set a heck of a tone for the series with that display. Now we'll see how their attack goes about it. Join Alex in a few minutes.
Hudson: "Maxwell clearly hit the ground (not the ball), why do third umpires keep making the same mistakes!!" I must admit, the evidence was not as clear cut as the third umpire suggested it was.
Phil D: "Great innings by all the Australian batsmen, but very poor form at the end to play for Warner's century rather than the highest possible team score. Playing for individual stats is awful team culture, and the best teams don't do it. I hope Sri Lanka gives Australia a fright, to teach them a bit of a lesson." It would be interesting to know if the coach has a quiet word. It would be brutally harsh given the individual performance overall but certainly a fair point in the context of team ambition.
Shahid : "Srilanka missed one bowler immensely and he is Broad. Welcome back Warner from the nightmare. "
Lachlan : "Considering they had hotspot, I am surprised the third umpire didn't utilise it more before switching to RTS" Hot spot is far more definitive than RTS, which only registers sound on a timeline. It doesn't determine where the sound comes from. Anyway.
19.6;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run he's done it! as he angles a full delivery to the off side. A wonderful 56-ball century and he takes in the ovation;
19.5;2;Shanaka to Warner, 2 runs full outside off, drives inside out over cover and places it well enough for the second to deep cover;
19.4;1;Shanaka to Turner, 1 run taps this into the leg side to give Warner the strike;
19.3;W;Shanaka to Maxwell, OUT given caught behind off an inside edge as he looks to flick away a full delivery and Maxwell has called the review. Yep, he's inside-edge this between his legs to the keeper! A very Maxwell way to get out, the end of a brilliant innings.;Glenn Maxwell c ?Perera b Shanaka 62 (28b 7x4 3x6) SR: 221.42;
19.2;1;Shanaka to Warner, 1 run loopy full toss outside off, driven to deep point and it's just the single so he loses the strike;
19.1;4;Shanaka to Warner, FOUR runs wide again, throws the bat at this one and gets a thick outside edge down to third man...onto 96;
19.1;1w;Shanaka to Warner, 1 wide wide outside off, called wide;
18.6;2;Pradeep to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length outside off, sliced over backward point to bring up the hundred stand off 51 balls and an overthrow gifts a second, which means Warner has the strike;
18.5;?;Pradeep to Maxwell, no run a short ball, zips through to the keeper as Maxwell tries to upper cut...they haven't tried enough short stuff;
18.4;4;Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR runs I've no idea how to describe this really, but Maxwell has ended up on his backside and with a boundary as he reverse scoops a full toss down to third man. Bonkers innings;
18.3;?;Pradeep to Maxwell, no run a rare dot ball as he drives straight to mid-off, tried to give himself room;
18.2;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run full toss outside off, driven to deep cover and he loses the strike;
18.1;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run full, wide outside off, Warner slips over trying to reach it and then wonders why there's no wide call. Was just inside the marker;
17.6;6;Rajitha to Maxwell, SIX runs that's extraordinary as he brings out the helicopter shot over deep square leg, was a full delivery at the stumps, he stays deep in the crease and whips through it with vast power in the wrists;
17.5;6;Rajitha to Maxwell, SIX runs into the crowd over midwicket as he connects with a low full toss, that takes him to a 22-ball fifty. Follows his superb series in India back in February;
17.4;1;Rajitha to Warner, 1 run a yorker at off stump, worked into the leg side and this time they can't convert into a brace;
17.3;4;Rajitha to Warner, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, great placement again as he slices the drive through backward point...that's his T20I best;
17.2;1;Rajitha to Maxwell, 1 run aims for a repeat, it's a low full toss but costs just the single as Maxwell mistimes backward of square on the leg side;
17.1;?;Rajitha to Maxwell, no run well bowled! Gets a yorker under his bat, and it goes through his legs. Beats leg stump;
16.6;4;Malinga to Warner, FOUR runs what a stroke! He's played some brilliant ones, but that's as well-timed as any as he brings out the conventional cover drive and creams it along the ground to deep cover;
16.5;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs full outside leg, swinging into the boots, clipped through midwicket and they can't stop the second;
16.4;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run full at the stumps, that is crunched again as he drives, but couldn't have picked out deep cover better;
16.3;?;Malinga to Maxwell, no run tries to reverse sweep a 135kph delivery speared in at off stump! It scoots under his bat;
16.2;4;Malinga to Maxwell, FOUR runs full outside off, Maxwell almost swings himself off his feet as he laces this through the covers;
16.1;2;Malinga to Maxwell, 2 runs gets the yorker in at off stump, dug out straight down the ground and it's good hustle to make the second;
15.6;1;Pradeep to Maxwell, 1 run a slower ball, 111kph, dug in short outside off, flat-batted to deep cover;
15.5;4;Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR runs oh, that's brilliant from Maxi as he plays the reverse scoop to what was almost an off-stump yorker. Outstanding;
15.4;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run back of a length, Warner goes for the pull and gets a bottom edge into the top of his leg;
15.3;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run well bowled, a wide yorker outside off, Warner jabs over the top of it;
15.2;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run slower ball, full at leg stump, Warner nearly punches a catch to mid-off but is just able to hold back enough;
15.1;1;Pradeep to Maxwell, 1 run starts with a full delivery which Maxwell times crisply out to deep midwicket;
14.6;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs slower ball, length outside off, square cuts and deep cover can't get across fast enough to stop the second;
14.5;4;Malinga to Warner, FOUR runs length ball, wide outside off, Warner does well to reach it and angles it wide of backward point;
14.4;?;Malinga to Warner, no run Warner trying to get down to Malinga, ends up yorking himself when if he'd stood still it could have been a half volley;
14.3;1;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run leg stump yorker at 133kph, clipped to deep square;
14.3;1w;Malinga to Maxwell, 1 wide oh dear! That's gone wrong from Malinga. A massive full toss down the leg side, slower ball goes wrong...he may have seen Maxwell starting to move around the crease;
14.2;4;Malinga to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's a mighty swing from Maxwell, a slower ball on the pads, sends it off the top edge miles over the keeper;
14.1;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run full, wide outside off, a slower ball at 112kph, Warner slices to short third man;
13.6;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run better length at off stump, Warner opens the face and guides to deep cover to keep the strike;
13.5;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, FOUR runs now he drives straight down the ground and finds the gap brilliantly between long-off and long-on;
13.4;6;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, SIX runs big full toss, and into the stands again! Pull high over deep square leg. Poor stuff from Sri Lanka;
13.3;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, 1 run short outside off, stays in his crease and drives off the back foot to deep cover;
13.2;6;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, SIX runs that's HUGE as Maxwell slog-sweeps with immense power over (well over) deep midwicket and into the second tier of the stands;
13.1;4;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, FOUR runs sent through the leg side, flicked back near the rope by Gunathilaka but it appears his foot may be touching the boundary;
12.6;1;Sandakan to Maxwell, 1 run cut to deep cover;
12.5;2;Sandakan to Maxwell, 2 runs gets a top edge as he sweeps conventionally, loops short of deep square leg;
12.4;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run down the pitch, heaved to long on;
12.3;1;Sandakan to Maxwell, 1 run another reverse, this time it's not off the middle, comes off the bottom edge to short third man;
12.2;4;Sandakan to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's a magnificent shot as he dances down on the line of leg stump, opens the off side, then drives inside out over extra cover;
12.1;4;Sandakan to Maxwell, FOUR runs now it's Maxwell's turn to bring out the reverse sweep as he picks up a delivery full outside and sends it to deep point;
12.1;2w;Sandakan to Warner, 2 wide pushed down the leg side, Warner misses the sweep and it's a wide as well;
11.6;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run brings out the reverse hit again, takes this from outside leg and finds deep point;
11.5;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, 1 run full at middle and leg, pushed along the ground through midwicket;
11.4;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run back of a length, straight, a bottom-handed shovel to deep midwicket;
11.3;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, no run on middle and leg, Warner can't beat the bowler on the on side;
11.2;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Maxwell, 1 run full at the stumps, flicked to deep midwickdt;
11.1;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run over the wicket, tucked through midwicket;
10.6;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run plays back to a shorter delivery and works to deep midwicket;
10.5;W;Sandakan to Finch, OUT taken at deep midwicket and the mayhem is broken (for now, at least)! Looks to go over deep midwicket again, just gets too far underneath it this time, and had to reach a little, Mendis settles well under the catch;Aaron Finch c Mendis b Sandakan 64 (36b 8x4 3x6) SR: 177.77;
10.4;4;Sandakan to Finch, FOUR runs short delivery on leg stump, poor ball, Finch goes down on his back knee and sweeps fine of short fine leg;
10.3;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run gets a little too close to this one and digs it out down the ground to long-on;
10.2;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run uses his feet then taps into the on side, looks for the second but it's not on;
10.1;4;Sandakan to Finch, FOUR runs down the pitch, makes it into a full toss and swings it through midwicket;
9.6;4;Rajitha to Warner, FOUR runs low full toss, placed beautifully past cover and it races away!;
9.5;6;Rajitha to Warner, SIX runs flicked over midwicket! Celebrates his half century in style as well. A slower ball, he picked it, and flicked it over deep midwicket;
9.4;6;Rajitha to Warner, SIX runs launched over cover for six! Incredible shot! Full outside off, he clears the front leg and checks this cover drive up and over cover and hits the rope on the full;
9.3;1;Rajitha to Finch, 1 run fuller on off, he gives room and miscues this down to long on;
9.2;6;Rajitha to Finch, SIX runs launched over square leg! 50 for Finch in style! Fuller length on middle and he picks up the length and launches it over square leg into the stands;
9.1;2;Rajitha to Finch, 2 runs 94kph, length slower ball, he bunts this to midwicket where there is no one inside the circle, they sprint for two and get them as the man runs in. Superb running;
8.6;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run slid through flatter wide of off, he gives room and cuts hard to deep point;
8.5;1;Sandakan to Warner, 1 run tossed up on leg, he slog sweeps but miscues along the ground to deep square;
8.4;4;Sandakan to Warner, FOUR runs switch hit over short third man! Brilliant! Leg break outside off, he turned around and swept this right handed up and over short third man;
8.3;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run 80kph, wrong un, he's hit on the pad but it's sliding down;
8.2;1;Sandakan to Finch, 1 run fuller outside off, he hangs back and square drives to deep point;
8.1;?;Sandakan to Finch, no run slider 78kph, outside off, beats him as he tries to glide it fine;
7.6;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, 1 run Finch should have been run out! He bunted this back towards mid on, Hasaranga darted across, gathered while sliding, turns and shies but misses! Finch gave up. He was miles out;
7.5;6;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, SIX runs Slog sweep over midwicket! Similar length and line, he slog sweeps over deep midwicket;
7.4;6;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, SIX runs launched inside out over cover! Wow,. He stays leg side to the tossed up leg break, opens the chest and launches it over cover;
7.3;?;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, no run leg break outside off, he gives room and cuts straight to backward point;
7.2;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Warner, 1 run slog sweep in the air, it carries a long way but bounces just short of deep backward square;
7.1;1;Hasaranga de Silva to Finch, 1 run 84kph, fuller leg break, he drives inside out to deep cover-point;
6.6;4;Sandakan to Warner, FOUR runs short down leg, he pulls a double hit fine for four! He hit it off the sticker and then the follow through smacked it off the middle of the bat fine for four! Some luck for Warner;
6.5;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run 82kph, quicker leg break on middle, he pushes this back to the bowler;
6.4;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run 79kph, drifting down leg, he sweeps straight to short fine;
6.3;?;Sandakan to Warner, no run play and miss trying to cut a very short ball wide of off;
6.2;2;Sandakan to Warner, 2 runs full and drifting down leg, he sweeps fine of short fine for a couple;
6.1;2;Sandakan to Warner, 2 runs 77kph, short ball, he smacks a pull wide of long on and calls two, Finch drops his bat and he has to dive with his gloves only!;
5.6;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run 112kph, slower ball outside off, he mistimes a square drive into a gap at point for a single;
5.5;1;Pradeep to Finch, 1 run 137kph, speared into middle, he works this wide of mid on for a single;
5.4;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run fuller on leg, he clips this through midwicket and pushes for two but the sweeper runs in quickly;
5.3;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run 138kph half volley, he drives nicely but straight to cover;
5.2;1;Pradeep to Finch, 1 run another yorker slower ball, he gives room, but jams a bottom edge behind square and they punch one;
5.1;1;Pradeep to Warner, 1 run 112kph, full outside off, slower ball, he backs away and square drives behind point, Gunathilaka makes a great diving stop;
4.6;?;Rajitha to Finch, no run 94kph, slower ball on off, he waits and waits and then mistimes it back to the bowler;
4.5;4;Rajitha to Finch, FOUR runs 132kph, short and wide, he flays a cut shot hard forward of deep point! This was hit so hard! Magnificent striking. Poor bowling though;
4.4;1;Rajitha to Warner, 1 run slower ball on middle, he tucks this with soft hands to midwicket, pushes for two but it's only one;
4.3;6;Rajitha to Warner, SIX runs 129kph, length, Warner swings this into the Members! It was a gift, on a tee, hit me as far as you want David. In the slot and he smashed it over square leg;
4.3;5nb;Rajitha to Warner, (no ball) FOUR runs over-steps! And full and wide and slashed over shirt third man! Crazy line to bowl with two men back on the leg side! And a free hit coming;
4.2;4;Rajitha to Warner, FOUR runs picked up over midwicket! Fuller length, he just flicked this with the bottom hand from off stump over midwicket and it just lands short of a six!;
4.1;1;Rajitha to Finch, 1 run 132kph, full and angled into leg, he clips this powerfully off the pads to deep square;
3.6;?;Pradeep to Warner, no run good length, outside off, he tries to drive but mistimes off the bottom edge;
3.5;1;Pradeep to Finch, 1 run fuller, on middle, he drives to Malinga at mid on and takes him on! The throw is just wide! He would have been out if it was a direct hit!;
3.4;4;Pradeep to Finch, FOUR runs thumped over midwicket one bounce four! Length ball in the arc, he cleared the front leg, hit this better but didn't nail it, but it still nearly went for six;
3.3;4;Pradeep to Finch, FOUR runs 139kph, he heaves this through midwicket! It was a length ball, and he just smears it across the line, off a thick inside edge but it's timed well enough;
3.2;?;Pradeep to Finch, no run he charges and stays leg side, mistimes a full blooded drive to mid off;
3.1;?;Pradeep to Finch, no run good length, nipping back, huge appeal for lbw but it's going way down leg;
2.6;?;Malinga to Warner, no run 131kph, good length, angling across, he square drives to backward point but can't find the gap;
2.5;?;Malinga to Warner, no run 133kph, fuller outside off, he squeezes a square drive to point;
2.4;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run 133kph, back of a length, he punches off the back foot to cover, a misfield allows one;
2.3;?;Malinga to Finch, no run 130kph, good length, off stump, he's working this off the back foot to midwicket;
2.2;?;Malinga to Finch, no run back of a length, 131kph. he's standing tall and defending firmly to mid on;
2.1;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run 129kph, fuller inswinger, he punches with control on the front foot straight of mid off for a single;
1.6;4;Rajitha to Finch, FOUR runs thumped off the back foot through cover! Back of a length, he's punching this firmly through cover with supreme timing!;
1.5;?;Rajitha to Finch, no run beaten, 135kph, hint of shape away just passing off stump through to the keeper;
1.4;4;Rajitha to Finch, FOUR runs cracked head high through point! He stood up with a vertical bat and smoked it through point at a catchable height but he picked the gap;
1.3;?;Rajitha to Finch, no run play and miss driving on the up at a good length outswinger;
1.2;1;Rajitha to Warner, 1 run 135kph, good length, on off, he defends working this to midwicket;
1.1;2;Rajitha to Warner, 2 runs 131kph, full swinging into the pads, he tucks this neatly behind square and immediately calls two;
0.6;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run fuller on off, he punches a drive towards Finch and calls yes, it comes off Finch as he tries to get out of the way but they get one;
0.6;1w;Malinga to Warner, 1 wide Warner walks at him, it is slung down the leg side and called wide;
0.5;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs 133kph, yorker outside off, he squeezes out through backward point and Gunathilaka misfields! It goes straight through him for a couple;
0.4;1;Malinga to Finch, 1 run 131kph, short and wide, he cuts in the air off a thick outside edge but safely and it flies to wide third man for one;
0.3;?;Malinga to Finch, no run beaten, 130kph, back of a length shaping away, he waves at it with no footwork and is beaten;
0.2;4;Malinga to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide, he stands up and hammers it through cover-point! That sat up and asked to be hit;
0.1;?;Malinga to Finch, no run 128kph, back of a length, outswing outside off, he pushes from the back foot to point;

Finch on strike to Lasith Malinga. He's coming from the city end. Third man and deep square are outside the circle. Two slips
The players are heading out. Australia in their black T20 uniforms. Don't ask me why they wear black.
1.55pm Five minutes from the first ball. Finch and Warner opening for Australia.
Kartheek G: "Extremely unfair to D'Arcy Short. Could have replaced Agar in lower order with Maxi, Turner, Short can all bowl. 5 bowlers with 2 part timers doesn't seem to be a good option. " Not sure I agree Kartheek. Short is a T20 opener. Has really struggled elsewhere in the order. Agar is a better bowler and fielder and late order hitter.
1.45pm Ishan: "Oh. Why Sandakan again? I think Isuru udana or Shehan should be there instead of Sandakan." He has a good record against Australia and was outstanding in the warm-up game against the PM's XI.
bkrip: "Interesting to see Turner in the line up. Thought he was out with a broken finger for a while.." He was out for a few weeks with a broken finger but he played in WA's last Marsh Cup 50-over fixture last Monday and made 39 off 27.
Lachlan : "Excited to see Agar play, am a big fan of his, ever since that innings in 2013. While not as suited to test cricket, his tight bowling, fielding prowess and batting ability makes him a pretty good package in T20s. "
Jayanga : "Is Sri Lanka over confident about their batsmen or underestimate the Aussi bowlers. They only have 7 batsmen with Wanidu coming at no 7 for someone who has not proven him self with bat srilanka is playing with only 6 batsmen including Bhanuka and Oshada who has not played in Australia before"
1.30pm Sri Lanka have won the toss and will bowl first.
Lasith Malinga: "We don't have much experience on the drop in wicket. So we can bowl first to see what we need to do. The youngsters did really well in Pakistan and this is a good opportunity in these conditions ahead of the World Cup."
Aaron Finch: "We would have a bat anyway. It looks like a nice wicket. I don't think it will change over the 40 overs. (Side strain) feels good. Batted in the nets over the last couple of days with minimal discomfort so I'm ready to go today."
Teams - Australia: Aaron Finch (c), David Warner, Steve Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Ashton Turner, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Patrick Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa
Sri Lanka: Lasith Malinga (c), Dhanushka Gunathilaka, Kusal Mendis, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Kusal Perera (wk), Oshada Fernando, Dasun Shanaka, Wanindu Hasaranga, Lakshan Sandakan, Nuwan Pradeep, Kasun Rajitha
1.25pm Conditions look good in Adelaide. It's cool. Just 18 degrees. The toss is coming up.
Indrajith: "We had a pretty warm weather last few days here in Adelaide but today is much cooler. The temperature is going to be lower towards evening. No rains around ! Good Luck Lions "
1.15pm Steve Smith and David Warner return T20 international cricket for the first time in years. Smith hasn't played since the 2016 T20 World Cup while Warner hasn't played since March 2018, when he was captain just prior to the ball tampering scandal.
Meanwhile, the Sri Lanka selectors have some headaches after the performance of their young side in Pakistan. They started the Australia tour a bit rusty, losing to the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra. Their batting was a concern at that game. They bowled beautifully with the exception of the very last over of the game.
Chanuka: "Well i always wanted to see this sri lankan squad together.,This is the best Sri Lankan squad for T20s right now"
1pm Hello and welcome to Adelaide for the 1st T20 international between Australia and Sri Lanka. Alex Malcolm in commentary with you today along with Andrew McGlashan. Australia begin their build up to the 2020 T20 World Cup, the first they will play on home soil. Sri Lanka continue their rise after a wonderful 3-0 series win against Pakistan in Pakistan.
Here is the match preview from Gnasher. Here are some questions Australia need to answer about their T20 side ahead of the World Cup.
Dan Brettig is in Adelaide and has written about the need for Aaron Finch to recapture his best T20 international form. Lasith Malinga returns to Australia with a lot of confidence and belief in both his own form and his team's form.
 Innings Start
Australia win by 134 runs in a very one-sided T20I. It's Australia's biggest wins by runs and Sri Lanka heaviest defeat. Australia's bowling wasn't really tested, the result all set up by the top three of Warner, Finch and Maxwell. It was a mighty powerful display and you wonder if Sri Lanka can respond. We'll stick around for the presentations shortly.
Surajit: "In last ball Sri Lanka's RRR was 822...i think its the highest one I have ever seen in a t20 international " Tough ask for sure
Presentation time...Lasith Malinga: "Our bowlers didn't find the right line and length. We know how good Australia are. It's a good learning experience for us and the young bowlers. We know it's tough conditions and a good team but before the World Cup it's an opportunity for us. We want to complete. They have tall fast bowlers, we have to look how we handle it in the next matches."
Aaron Finch: "It was a great start, the way Davey played and how Maxi went from ball one. Our spinners did an amazing job against good players of spin. It was about doing our things really well, we know when you top order fires we have a lot of power. You always want to start well, a pretty clinical performance."
Player of the match is David Warner: "It means a lot, just to contribute for the team and put us in a great position. Was a good milestone, but a great total on the board. When me and Finchy go about our business one of us will go hard. With Lasith it will always be difficult with the ball coming into me."
That just about wraps things up for today. Australia have put down a big marker for this series. We'll be back for the second match in Brisbane on Wednesday evening but for now, from Gnasher and Alex, it's goodbye and thanks for joining us.
19.6;2;Cummins to Malinga, 2 runs full and straight, clubbed through midwicket;
19.5;?;Cummins to Malinga, no run this is shorter and faster, Malinga plays a ducking pull and is beaten;
19.4;4;Cummins to Malinga, FOUR runs short of a length outside off and he launches it out to deep midwicket;
19.3;?;Cummins to Malinga, no run manages to keep out a yorker despite backing away well outside leg;
19.2;?;Cummins to Malinga, no run full and fast, beats Malinga between the stumps and his pads as he moves outside leg;
19.1;?;Cummins to Malinga, no run beats the top edge as he looks to run it down to third man;
18.6;1;Kane Richardson to Malinga, 1 run a slower ball outside off, pushed square into point;
18.5;?;Kane Richardson to Malinga, no run a shorter delivery and it flies over the top edge;
18.4;?;Kane Richardson to Malinga, no run short of a length outside off, slower ball at 119kph, defeats Malinga;
18.3;1;Kane Richardson to Pradeep, 1 run swings a full toss to deep midwicket;
18.2;4;Kane Richardson to Pradeep, FOUR runs a straighter delivery and he makes good connection this time as he drives to deep point;
18.1;?;Kane Richardson to Pradeep, no run length outside off, moves outside leg and swings without contact;
17.6;?;Starc to Malinga, no run can't quite get it straight enough, Malinga doesn't connect and the ball scoots past off stump;
17.5;?;Starc to Malinga, no run over the wicket, full outside off, gives himself some room and drives to mid-off;
17.4;1;Starc to Pradeep, 1 run a yorker outside leg from round the wicket, skewed into midwicket;
17.3;?;Starc to Pradeep, no run swing and a miss;
17.2;2;Starc to Pradeep, 2 runs clubbed down the ground straight of mid-off;
17.1;1;Starc to Malinga, 1 run driven to deep cover;
16.6;W;Zampa to Rajitha, OUT Stumped by a mile! He ran down the wicket to a looping leg break, missed it by a mile and was stumped easily. They sent it upstairs but his bat was in the air when the bails were broken;Kasun Rajitha st ?Carey b Zampa 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
16.5;?;Zampa to Rajitha, no run given OUT lbw! He was sweeping. He refers it straight away. It was a wrong un, it hit the back leg as he was sweeping. There is a spike on RTS as he was sweeping and maybe a touch on hot spot. The third umpire has overturned it!;
16.4;1;Zampa to Malinga, 1 run lofted down to long on and Agar drops another running forward! He got to it and put it down;
16.3;W;Zampa to Sandakan, OUT finds long-off...dances down the pitch, tries to drive inside out, just gets too much height and not quite enough distance. Agar judges it very well coming round from long-off;Lakshan Sandakan c Agar b Zampa 6 (7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 85.71;
16.2;1;Zampa to Malinga, 1 run thick inside edge into the leg side;
16.1;?;Zampa to Malinga, no run drives back to the bowler;
15.6;?;Cummins to Sandakan, no run short of a length, another fresh-air shot as he looks to swing to the leg side;
15.5;?;Cummins to Sandakan, no run a sharp bouncer that follows him and flies over the head;
15.4;1;Cummins to Malinga, 1 run gives himself room again, swings to leg against a full delivery, was heading for middle stump but the inside edge runs to fine leg;
15.3;1;Cummins to Sandakan, 1 run length ball, heaved to deep midwicket;
15.2;4;Cummins to Sandakan, FOUR runs crunched down the ground, stays leg-side of a full delivery and swings through the line;
15.1;1;Cummins to Malinga, 1 run a yorker at leg stump, Malinga not keen to get in line, jabbed to the leg side;
14.6;1;Zampa to Malinga, 1 run comes down the pitch and skews this through midwicket;
14.5;1;Zampa to Sandakan, 1 run a shorter delivery, another googly, doesn't get much timing on the pull;
14.4;?;Zampa to Sandakan, no run full at off stump, defended;
14.3;1lb;Zampa to Malinga, 1 leg bye a googly sneaks past the inside edge and takes the back leg;
14.2;W;Zampa to Shanaka, OUT tries to heave this down the ground, gets a thick outside edge that loops to backward point...been an ugly day for Sri Lanka;Dasun Shanaka c Richardson b Zampa 17 (18b 1x4 1x6) SR: 94.44;
14.1;?;Zampa to Shanaka, no run on off stump, defended;
13.6;W;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run, OUT superb work from Maxwell in the deep who is on the mic as he pulls off the run out...the drive just clears the ring as the bottom hand comes off the bat, Maxwell sprinted to his left at deep cover and rifles in a perfect throw to Carey;Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva run out (Maxwell/?Carey) 5 (10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
13.5;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run pushes a length ball to cover;
13.4;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run a big swing across the line and gets a thick inside edge to short fine leg;
13.3;1;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run nearly yorks himself as he pushes into the covers;
13.2;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run whips a full delivery out to deep midwicket;
13.1;1;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run down the pitch and drives to deep cover;
12.6;?;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, no run full outside off, goes for the drive and is beaten again;
12.5;?;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, no run swing and a miss at a full ball outside off;
12.4;?;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, no run good comeback for the free hit, a yorker outside off, takes the toe end;
12.4;7nb;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, (no ball) SIX runs connects well! A short ball outside off, Shanaka middles this one and clears deep midwicket;
12.3;?;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, no run short outside off, left alone;
12.2;?;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, no run back of a length, splices a cross-batted hoick and it falls short of midwicket;
12.1;2;Kane Richardson to Shanaka, 2 runs full outside off, a big swing to the leg side and it flies off the outside edge to third man;
11.6;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run down the track again, not to the pitch, drives to cover...nice variation of flight and pace from Agar;
11.5;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run played to the bowler;
11.4;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run comes down the pitch and is almost in trouble, an inside edge saves him from a stumping chance;
11.3;?;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, no run can't get this past cover as he plays forward;
11.2;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run tucked away;
11.1;1;Agar to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run drives down to long-off;
10.6;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run short of a length, follows the batsman and cramps him, defended awkwardly to backward point;
10.5;4;Starc to Shanaka, FOUR runs gets this one away with a bottom-handed straight drive which mid-on can't get to;
10.4;1;Starc to Hasaranga de Silva, 1 run round the wicket, full at the stumps, squirts off a thick outside edge to third man;
10.3;W;Starc to Perera, OUT through him with a ripping yorker, you won't see better than that. Over the wicket, right on target, spears under the bat;Kusal Perera b Starc 16 (16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
10.2;1lb;Starc to Shanaka, 1 leg bye that hits him on the helmet, I think, as the bouncer his through him too quickly as he goes for the pull...yep, flush on the side of the lid;
10.1;?;Starc to Shanaka, no run round the wicket, back of a length outside off, played with an open face to point;
9.6;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run drifting into leg, he clips this through square;
9.5;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run shorter outside off, he cuts to deep point;
9.4;?;Agar to Perera, no run pushed through, he tries to sweep, plays over it, it touches the back thigh on the way through to Carey and he can't glove it;
9.3;1;Agar to Shanaka, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives firmly to long off;
9.2;W;Agar to Fernando, OUT bowled him! Played on. The quicker one sneaks through. Brilliant arm ball, 102kph, he was deceived, went back thinking it would grip and bounce, it slid on, came off the inside edge onto pad onto off stump;Oshada Fernando b Agar 13 (21b 1x4 0x6) SR: 61.9;
9.1;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run tossed up outside off, he tries to sweep but mistimes off the bottom edge through square leg;
8.6;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run topspinner, he's back and cutting to deep point;
8.5;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run slid through on off, 91kph, he's back and working this through forward square;
8.4;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run short outside off, he's back giving room to hammer a cut to deep point;
8.3;?;Zampa to Perera, no run beaten by another beautiful wrong un. This spun outside off as he tried to drive;
8.2;2;Zampa to Perera, 2 runs short on middle, he's back and working this through square leg, they run well for two;
8.1;?;Zampa to Perera, no run missed stumping! He charged to a wrong un trying to heave it over long on, beaten completely and Carey can't take it. The bounce did him;
7.6;?;Agar to Fernando, no run shorter outside off, he's back and slicing a cut shot to the finer of the two backward points;
7.5;?;Agar to Fernando, no run arm ball darted down leg, off thigh pad, onto the back of the bat but it bounces safely behind the keeper;
7.4;?;Agar to Fernando, no run slower and shorter, he's back and punching in the air but just short of cover;
7.3;1;Agar to Perera, 1 run shorter length, he's back and pulling to deep square;
7.2;1;Agar to Fernando, 1 run 71kph, flighted with some bounce, he's back and tucking to the square leg;
7.1;?;Agar to Fernando, no run 94kph, back of a length, darted into off, he gives room but mistimes a drive back to the bowler;
6.6;3lb;Zampa to Fernando, 3 leg byes attempted slog sweep, it comes off the inside of the bat thigh, goes through the legs and fine for three leg byes. it was going well down leg;
6.5;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run pushed through on middle, he pushes from the back foot to midwicket, they push for two but it's only one;
6.4;1;Zampa to Fernando, 1 run shorter wrong un, he tucks this behind square, there's a mix up but Finch's throw is wide of Zampa;
6.3;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run 88kph, top spinner, some width, he mistimes a cut to the gap at point;
6.2;2;Zampa to Perera, 2 runs 89kph, short and wide, he gives room and cuts hard past point, the sweeper on the rope works hard to cut it off;
6.1;1lb;Zampa to Fernando, 1 leg bye 88kph, leg break drifting down leg, it comes off pad and runs fine for a leg bye;
5.6;4;Cummins to Perera, FOUR runs pull shot thumped wide of mid on. Short ball and he hammers a short arm jab wide of mid on and it raced to the fence;
5.5;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run leading edge flies safely wide of mid off. He tried to whip to leg but it landed safe;
5.4;?;Cummins to Fernando, no run 140kph, good length, he drives and misses on the up wide of off;
5.3;2;Cummins to Fernando, 2 runs 139kph, fuller on leg, he clips this in the air, not with great timing but into the vacant outfield forward of square;
5.2;4;Cummins to Fernando, FOUR runs 136kph, good length edged along the ground fine of third man! Well bowled but it flies away past slip and fine of third man;
5.1;1;Cummins to Perera, 1 run 136kph, good length, he pushes this straight of mid off, he waits and then calls yes, there's an easy one;
4.6;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run 120kph, slower ball, back of a length, he tries to pull but is beaten all ends up;
4.5;2;Kane Richardson to Fernando, 2 runs 139kph, good length outside off, he slices a drive in the air but it's safe through extra cover for a couple;
4.4;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run flash and miss with no footwork outside off. 139kph, good length outside off and he tried to crunch it;
4.4;1w;Kane Richardson to Fernando, 1 wide too short and wide of off and rightly called;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run 140kph, short ball outside off, he pulls off the toe of the bat to midwicket;
4.2;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run 136kph, short and wide, he cuts but misses. Carey and Finch go up but no one else heard anything. No review;
4.1;?;Kane Richardson to Fernando, no run good length, wide of off, he's happy to leave;
3.6;?;Cummins to Perera, no run 139kph, good length, on leg, he is taken high on the pad;
3.5;1;Cummins to Fernando, 1 run full and straight, driven firmly, to mid on, they take on the fielder and sneak through for one;
3.4;W;Cummins to Rajapaksa, OUT Bowled him! 136kph, good length, nipping back a tough maybe, he tried to drive on the up and it went straight through the gate to knock back the top of middle! Cummins on a hat-trick;Bhanuka Rajapaksa b Cummins 2 (6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
3.3;W;Cummins to Gunathilaka, OUT caught at mid off! Another miscue due to the extra pace and bounce. Back of a length outside off, he tried to give room and slap it over cover, but completely mistimes it, it is spooned to mid off and Warner takes an easy catch to his right;Danushka Gunathilaka c Warner b Cummins 11 (13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 84.61;
3.2;1;Cummins to Rajapaksa, 1 run 132kph, on the hip, he tucks this to short fine and Starc has to slide to high right to make the stop, they get an easy one;
3.1;?;Cummins to Rajapaksa, no run 135kph, back of a length on off, he pushes from the crease to point;
2.6;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run 148kph, short ball, he tries to pull but misses;
2.5;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run full on the pads, he clips this firmly but Turner makes a nice stop at midwicket;
2.4;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run 147kph, full into middle and leg, he falls and he jams down squeezing this to midwicket;
2.3;4;Starc to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs glanced past short fine leg! Too full and straight, he glances this past short fine and it races away;
2.2;4;Starc to Gunathilaka, FOUR runs cut beautifully through point! 147kph, short and fractionally wide and he created some room and placed this perfectly through point with supreme timing;
2.1;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run appeal for caught down the leg side but it's not out. it came off the thigh pad;
1.6;1;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, 1 run dropped by Agar at deep backward point! A sitter. He was placed perfectly for the sliced drive that carried to him on the rope, he is looking into the sun, he got there easily, settled and just spilt it at thigh height;
1.5;?;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, no run fuller, he drives straight to cover-point;
1.4;?;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, no run 134kph, back of a length, he charges and stays leg side but misses trying to flay through the off side;
1.3;1;Kane Richardson to Rajapaksa, 1 run 131kph, short and wide, he hammers a front foot square drive straight to a well placed man at deep backward point;
1.2;?;Kane Richardson to Rajapaksa, no run 132kph, good length, angled across, he leaves;
1.1;1;Kane Richardson to Gunathilaka, 1 run very full outside off, he pushes this on the front foot to a gap at cover, they hesitate but go eventually and sneak through;
0.6;?;Starc to Rajapaksa, no run beaten by a 145kph, thunderbolt that just moved away off a length outside off;
0.5;W;Starc to Mendis, OUT caught at square leg! 143kph, short ball got big on him as he tried to pull from low to high, he got none of it, it just ballooned up off the splice of the bat, Turner cruises from midwicket to take a comfortable catch at square leg. Just too quick;Kusal Mendis c Turner b Starc 0 (3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run 147kph, very full on off, he jams the bat down and squirts it to point;
0.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run 146kph, good length, fourth stump line, he pushes on the front foot to point;
0.2;1;Starc to Gunathilaka, 1 run 144kph, shorter length outside off, he's back and opening the face to run it to third man;
0.1;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run 146kph, back of a length, he stands tall and defends to backward point, he wants one but Mendis sends him back;

Mitchell Starc has the new ball. Gunathilaka is on strike. Slip in
3.55pm Sri Lanka about to begin their chase. The players are coming out. Glenn Maxwell is on the mic explaining he has changed his stance, opening up more and bringing his right eye around to judge length better. Worked well today.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
1st T20I, Adelaide, Oct 27 2019, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
233/2
99/9
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Australia won by 134 runs
