Data
Sriram Sridhar: "My prediction: Aus 35 -3 with openers and one of Smith/Marnus out before Dinner."
Samyak Jain: "Who was the guy, to point out that If India lasted more than 10 overs, they have 2 go with new balls today? I take it you got your wish mate.."
Kartik Gada: "Kohli's run out has cost India this test. It cost India 60 runs and 20 more overs of batting, which not only would make Australia's 4th innings target be 60 runs higher, but most of their chase would have to be on the 5th day. There is a huge difference between a target of 240 and a target of 300, with the latter chase on the 5th day. " -- Still three innings to go, mate!
Les Corson: "Missed the start by 10 minutes, and 4 Indian wickets fall. Maybe I should do that more often?"
Mark: "188/3 to 244 all out. That run out completely changed the game."
Ravi Kant Yadav: "I just went for a cup of tea.." -- It's all your doing then.
Jeevan: "That's why Bumrah has become no 10 and Shami 111" -- I think you mean 11, but if cricket was a 111-player sport, he could be a candidate for that spot too.
2.53pm A great morning for Australia. India have added just 11 runs to their overnight total and lost four wickets, all in the space of a mere 4.1 overs. Bright blue skies over Adelaide Oval as the Australia openers rush into the dressing room to pad up.
93.1;W;Cummins to Shami, OUT it doesn't matter. Digs it in short, and it rears towards the top of Shami's helmet. All he can do is get his hands up in a desperate attempt to fend it away, and gloves the loopiest, simplest catch to short leg;Mohammed Shami c Head b Cummins 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
92.6;4;Starc to Bumrah, FOUR runs full, slanting away from off stump, and that's well played by Bumrah. Not off the very middle of the bat, but close enough, as he gets a big stride forward - and that's the key - and slices this drive through point;
92.5;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run fullish, a little wider, left alone;
92.4;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run length ball zipping away outside off, has a poke at it and misses;
92.3;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run length ball slanting away from off stump, left alone;
92.2;W;Starc to Yadav, OUT full on middle stump, and Umesh goes for the big slog but his weight is falling backwards as he plays it, and he slices it high in the air, behind the bowler, and mid-on runs across and takes a very well-judged catch;Umesh Yadav c Wade b Starc 6 (15m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.15;
92.1;?;Starc to Yadav, no run full at the stumps. Looks to work it away leg side, but closes his bat face a touch early and squeezes it into the off side off the leading edge;
91.6;1;Cummins to Yadav, 1 run full now, on off stump, and Umesh shows it as straight a bat as possible to squeeze a single into the covers. Just the outcome he'd have wanted;
91.5;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run ooh, big hoick. Cummins goes length now, angling into the stumps, but the ball bounces over the stumps as Umesh clears his front leg and swivels violently through the slog;
91.4;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run bouncer over leg stump, ducks under;
91.3;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run not the most unexpected reaction. Digs it in short again, but outside off. Backs away to try and make extra room for the big pull, but can't connect;
91.2;4;Cummins to Yadav, FOUR runs shot. Latches onto the chance when Cummins bowls one full, angling into the stumps. Clears his front leg slightly and slogs it powerfully over wide mid-on;
91.1;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run bouncer angling in over leg stump and rising menacingly towards the head. Manages to duck under it, though not too far under;
90.6;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run goes short now, slanting away from off stump. Left alone;
90.5;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run back of a length, a bit of bounce, slanting across to middle or middle and off. Squared up completely, but manages to keep his defensive push down into the covers;
90.4;?;Starc to Bumrah, no run fullish on off stump, defended to short extra-cover;
90.3;W;Starc to Saha, OUT gone, that was one of those dismissals where you get a loose shot but kind of understand why the batsman played it. Didn't play it very well, though. Smart bowling from Starc, slants out a full, wide tempter, and Saha throws his hands at it, looking to drive through the covers. All he manages is an edge through to Paine. With the bounce on this pitch, the angled bat is an invitation for trouble. Could have maybe gone harder so the edge would fly over the cordon;Wriddhiman Saha c ?Paine b Starc 9 (47m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 34.61;
90.2;1lb;Starc to Yadav, 1 leg bye shortish, at the hip, jumps to try and get on top of the bounce and work it square, ends up popping it briefly in the air, but safely, into the backward square leg region;
90.1;?;Starc to Yadav, no run full on middle and off, clears his front leg and drives firmly back to the bowler;
17.6;?;Starc to Pujara, no run looks for the off-stump yorker, ends up as a low full-toss that hits the bottom of Pujara's bat and jars his hands as he punches it back to the bowler;
17.5;?;Starc to Pujara, no run full, angling into leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
17.4;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length, fairly wide of off stump, left alone;
17.3;?;Starc to Pujara, no run back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler;
17.2;?;Starc to Pujara, no run full, angling into off stump. It was up there to drive, but he was slightly late getting forward. Wanted to push that through the covers, and ended up playing it back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat. Fairly large gap between bat and pad because of the lack of a front-foot stride;
17.1;1;Starc to Agarwal, 1 run fullish, angling into middle stumo. Stays leg-side of the ball and pushes to the left of mid-off;
16.6;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball on off stump, very well bowled. Pujara's bat comes down at an angle while defending, slicing slightly across the line, aiming to play towards mid-on. Thickish outside edge rolls towards third slip;
16.5;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball, angling in towards off stump and nipping in off the seam. Past the inside edge and onto thigh pad as he presses half-forward to defend;
16.4;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run ooh, sharp bouncer over middle stump. Pujara is hurried into ducking - may have seen it a fraction late;
16.3;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run length ball on off stump, shows the full face and blocks to mid-on;
16.2;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run a little fuller outside off, left alone;
16.1;?;Cummins to Pujara, no run well bowled, well played. Length ball in the corridor, a little bit of movement away. Pujara presses forward, shapes to defend, and then pulls his bat away from the line and lets it pass his edge;
89.6;1;Cummins to Yadav, 1 run ooh, not the greatest footwork. Full, angling into middle and leg and straightening a touch. Jabs at it without getting either of his feet across, and squirts a thick edge down to third man;
89.5;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run back of a length close to off stump, hops to ride the bounce and defend to backward point;
89.4;?;Cummins to Yadav, no run what a ball to greet the new man. Angling into off stump, fullish length, jagging away sharply to beat the outside edge as Umesh jabs at it from the crease;
89.3;W;Cummins to Ashwin, OUT edged, and Cummins finds a hole in Ashwin's technique. Great bowling, tests him with a fuller length outside off, and he doesn't get forward at all. Just pushes at it with hard hands, and the ball straightens to take his edge through to Tim Paine. It's the first outside-edge dismissal of the innings;Ravichandran Ashwin c ?Paine b Cummins 15 (27m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
89.2;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run length ball straightening towards off stump. Gets his weight forward into a push towards point. He's looking for one, but it's too close to the fielder to allow it;
89.1;?;Cummins to Ashwin, no run bouncer to start, rising steeply over off stump. Sways his upper body away from the line and evades it well;
88.6;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run back of a length outside off, left alone, and that is... stumps, yes.;
88.5;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run good leave again, not too far outside off but just short enough for Saha to trust the bounce;
88.4;4;Hazlewood to Saha, FOUR runs full outside off, and that's a lovely shot from Saha, gets his weight forward even though his foot doesn't go that far. Gets his head more or less over the ball, and frees his arms to drive smoothly through cover point;
88.3;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball on off stump, a little fuller than the previous one. Defended into the on side, bottom hand dropping off the handle;
88.2;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run ooh, tight leave, but I think he left it on length. In which case it's a very good leave. Length ball, nipping in and not missing off stump by much at all, in terms of line, but it misses by about a foot in terms of height;
88.1;?;Hazlewood to Saha, no run length ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler;

Last over of the day, I think.
WATCH Hanuma Vihari's dismissal (Indian subcontinent only)
 Innings Start
Cain: "With Tim playing so well, that was a totally unnecessary shot from Josh. could have easily added another 20-30 runs with some sensible batting." Thanos: "Imagine being Shaw here. Pressure already for first inning failure and dropping sitter. Now to bat in this tough time of day." Craig: "Look this innings is a case in point: Paine is batting with the tail. 70 not out is a miracle. Since he's been back in the team the batting has been either brittle, or his input not needed with those above him making double centuries. So for him to be doing what he is doing should be celebrated."
9:26pm That's 80 runs added by the last three wickets in their captain's company. Tim Paine has played a blinder here, considering how all other batsmen have done in this Test. No one near his scoring pace in this game. India's otherwise stellar bowling day is somewhat dampened at this point - but 53 is still a very good lead to have. They have about 25 minutes to get through tonight.
72.1;W;Yadav to Hazlewood, OUT taken at slip. A sharp take too, from Pujara at first slip. Short ball at middle and leg. He backs away and looks to steer that over the cordon. He's done alright with the technique, but needs a couple of more inches on that to clear the leaping fielder. Nice hang time from Pujara as he gets to hands on that;Josh Hazlewood c Pujara b Yadav 8 (21m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 80;;
71.6;4;Bumrah to Paine, FOUR runs top edge runs away fine. Short ball wide outside off. Looks to hook towards deep square with the face closed, ends up with three bonus runs. That's eight off the over;
71.5;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length at off stump, looks to drop that off side to pinch the run, but times it too well. Point is on it quickly;
71.4;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length and into middle stump, pushed to mid-on with the angle;
71.3;?;Bumrah to Paine, no run good length and in at off stump. Defends to cover;
71.2;2;Bumrah to Paine, 2 runs good length and just outside off, waits on this one too and pats it expertly to sweeper's right for another easy two;
71.1;2;Bumrah to Paine, 2 runs full and into leg stump, allows that on and flicks to deep square's left elegantly. Easy two there;
70.6;1;Ashwin to Paine, 1 run shortish, a bit of width, chopped to the right of backward point to keep the strike;
70.5;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run tossed up on off stump, driven firmly to mid-off;
70.4;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run flat legbreak, zips past the outside edge just outside off as Paine looks to make room and cut;
70.3;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run shortish, but it sticks in the pitch as he looks to make room again. Flat-batted down to mid-off;
70.2;?;Ashwin to Paine, no run flat offbreak spinning in towards leg stump. Cramped for room as he looks to create some. Punched to short extra-cover;
70.1;4;Ashwin to Paine, FOUR runs shot. Tossed up outside off, and Paine knows most of the fielders are on the leg side. No one behind square on the off side, and he reverse-sweeps firmly into that wide open area;

Geomon: "Well Misbah played quite a few ODIs as captain, without a ton and he was a pure middle order batsman and a good one at that."
 Innings Start
India
Australia
1st Test (D/N), Adelaide, Dec 17 - 19 2020, India tour of Australia
244 &
191 &
Player of the match is Tim Paine, AUS
Australia won by 8 wickets
