Data
Hussey indeed has been boosted up the order - he's opening, and will do so with Adam Gilchrist. It's Langford-Smith with the ball.
Don't know about canary yellow, but that performance was Australian gold, my friends.
Did Glenn McGrath enjoy that? "Yeah, no, felt good." He certainly enjoyed the surface. "Bit of bounce early on, was good to get some early wickets."
Hussey and Symonds may be boosted up the order to give them some practice. A ten-minute changeover then, don't go away, well, maybe as far as the kettle.
While we're waiting, Venu, from the States, has a point. "I think a hair-off between Malinga and Symmonds would be too close to call".
29.6;W;Hogg to Mooney, OUT driven to mid-off and Tait shies down the stumps on the bounce; that's well out;John Mooney run out (Tait) 23 (53m 44b 2x4 0x6) SR: 52.27;
29.5;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run turned round to short fine leg;
29.4;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run genuine edge, falling short of Hayden at first slip;
29.3;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run Rudi Koertzen's a kidder. That one's curved past the outside edge, Gilchrist thinks it's out and the umpire shapes to give it so, but decides he's just moving his left arm. Gilchrist can't believe it;
29.2;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run pushed onto the back foot;
29.1;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run driven into the covers and that's picked up tidily enough;
28.6;2;Clark to Rankin, 2 runs slower ball, a touch short and that's driven out in front of midwicket for two. Clap up the 90, etc;
28.5;?;Clark to Rankin, no run driven back to the bowler;
28.4;1;Clark to Mooney, 1 run driven through cover but there's a straight throw which comes back in just over the stumps, nice work;
28.3;?;Clark to Mooney, no run driven to cover;
28.2;?;Clark to Mooney, no run right up there, straight as you like;
28.1;?;Clark to Mooney, no run prodded into short midwicket;
9.6;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run defended off the back foot;
9.5;4;Clark to K O'Brien, FOUR runs outside off and found the gap this time with a firm cover drive to bring up Ireland's 30, which is roundly clapped;
9.4;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run outside off and that's firmly driven straight to cover;
9.3;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run right up there on a good length and that's defended forward;
9.2;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run stands tall and defends that down off the backfoot, more of the solid stuff;
9.1;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run chases that down leg;
8.6;?;McGrath to White, no run nasty, oh dear, White ducked straight into that bouncer and it makes a sickening blow as it clatters into his helmet;
8.5;?;McGrath to White, no run left alone outside off again;
8.4;2;McGrath to White, 2 runs outside off and that's driven through the covers;
8.3;?;McGrath to White, no run nips back in off the seam and that's left alone;
8.2;?;McGrath to White, no run in that corridor where nothing's certain again, but the batsman is firm in his decision to leave it, at least;
8.1;?;McGrath to White, no run left alone outside off, taking his bat away from it and standing firm on the back foot;
27.6;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run driven out to long-off;
27.6;2w;Hogg to Mooney, 2 wide chased that down leg, but it's wide all the same;
27.5;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run played down to gully;
27.4;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run a hoick and a miss - trying to slash from outside off to leg;
27.3;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run "How?" they cry but zat's missing leg stump - great flipper, nevertheless, pushing the batsman back, skidding on quickly;
27.2;2;Hogg to Mooney, 2 runs worked off the toes round down to fine leg and they scamper through two;
27.1;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run outside off and that's rushed through, Brad and his tongue liking that one;
26.6;?;Clark to Rankin, no run straight and that's outside edged - almost controlled - down to GD at third man, but they decide not to take the run for striker reasons;
26.5;?;Clark to Rankin, no run outside off, the batsman just prods behind his leg, getting right inside the line of the ball;
26.4;?;Clark to Rankin, no run left alone outside off;
26.3;2;Clark to Rankin, 2 runs a direct hit, again, would have had them in trouble, this time from Hussey at mid-off, but he misses and there are overthrows;
26.2;?;Clark to Rankin, no run extraordinary stuff. The batsman nearly gets an own goal by nodding the ball back onto the sticks; it rushes straight down and nurdles just past. Ponting picks up the ricochet and tries to shy down the non-striker's end;
26.1;?;Clark to Rankin, no run right on the money immediately and that's left alone outside off;
7.6;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run Clarke in a good rhythm now and O'Brien happy to defend;
7.5;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run O'Brien blocks a ball on the spot;
7.4;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run just short of a length outside off, O'Brien swishes with minimal footwork and misses ... all the close fielders ooh and aah as Gilchrist takes the ball;
7.3;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run good line, on off stump at 80mph, O'Brien behind the ball to block;
7.2;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run squirted out to midwicket;
7.1;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run O'Brien shuffles across the crease and it smacked on the pads, not forward, and a loud shout ... close but just going over the top;
7.1;1w;Clark to K O'Brien, 1 wide Clarke continues where his team-mate left off with a leg-side wide;
6.6;?;McGrath to White, no run short, outside off, White tries an expansive pull and misses. McGrath smiles a kind of "I'll get you next over" smile;
6.5;?;McGrath to White, no run patted back to McGrath who ambles down the track to field, before turning and lolloping back to his mark;
6.4;?;McGrath to White, no run pushed to point with a loud shout of "no";
6.3;?;McGrath to White, no run pushed to mid-on;
6.2;1;McGrath to K O'Brien, 1 run steered round the corner, not controlled, extra bounce surprised him a little and he withdrew his bottom hand off the bat as he played the stroke;
6.1;?;McGrath to K O'Brien, no run almost as slow as a spinner after Tait's onslaught - a sedate 80mph - outside off and left alone;
25.6;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run ooh, rushes that one past the outside edge, the batsman cuts under it and Mark Nicholas believes that's "Great fun" to watch;
25.5;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run hits him outside off and he's sweeping - that doesn't stop the shouts of "Howzat", though, vain as they are;
25.4;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run another premature "Catch!" for one which is cut down to gully;
25.3;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run turns into the lefthander and there's a cry of "Catch" as he plays it down towards square;
25.2;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run left alone outside off;
25.1;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run poked down off the back foot;
24.6;?;Symonds to Rankin, no run a swing, a miss, and Rankin survives;
24.5;?;Symonds to Rankin, no run a tighter line this time which Rankin blocks out on the front foot;
24.4;?;Symonds to Rankin, no run well that's a belting delivery from Symonds, an inducker which completely beats Rankin;
24.3;?;Symonds to Rankin, no run just a bit of wobble back into the left hander who is cautiously forward, poking it out to cover;
24.2;?;Symonds to Rankin, no run and it's left alone outside off. Just a hint of away movement there;
24.1;1;Symonds to Mooney, 1 run firmly punched on the front foot, square of the wicket;
23.6;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run pushed out to leg;
23.5;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run terrific ball, the wrong'un, not picked by Rankin who plays and misses;
23.5;1w;Hogg to Rankin, 1 wide drifting down the leg side;
23.4;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run solidly defended this time;
23.3;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run forward come Rankin, playing it with impressively soft hands (perhaps I'm being overly generous there), to one just falling short of slip;
23.2;?;Hogg to Rankin, no run huge appeal - a quicker one which raps him on the pad. And that looks absolutely dead, but Rudi doesn't like it;
23.1;W;Hogg to D Langford-Smith, OUT Dave's gone! Stepping back, not picking it at all, he tries to defend but it takes the outside edge, ballooning to Ricky Ponting at silly point;Dave Langford-Smith c Ponting b Hogg 2 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
22.6;4;Symonds to Mooney, FOUR runs and he does get an edge this time, but it's wide of the lone slip;
22.5;?;Symonds to Mooney, no run a play and a miss outside off - well bowled;
22.4;?;Symonds to Mooney, no run crashed into the covers but he can't bisect it;
22.3;1;Symonds to D Langford-Smith, 1 run edged, but it doesn't carry, falling just short of the colossus that is Hayden at first slip;
22.2;?;Symonds to D Langford-Smith, no run very well bowled - a fuller length this time which is defended, or rather dug out;
22.1;1;Symonds to Mooney, 1 run ooh nicely bowled, shaping back into the batsman but he played it quite competently; coming forward and angling it down to third man;
21.6;?;Hogg to D Langford-Smith, no run short and wide but he misses out, playing and missing.;
21.5;?;Hogg to D Langford-Smith, no run on off stump and pushed calmly back to the bowler;
21.4;1;Hogg to Mooney, 1 run pushed out to cover on the front foot;
21.3;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run big shout by Gilchrist to one he padded away;
21.2;1;Hogg to D Langford-Smith, 1 run on leg stump, turned to short fine leg. Oh dear, it's Symonds there and they take him on - with a single, not in terms of asking him for a fight or anything - but his throw is wide;
21.1;?;Hogg to D Langford-Smith, no run turning back into the right hander who defends off the back foot;
20.6;W;Symonds to McCallan, OUT gone this time. McCallan was getting fed up with all this poking and prodding; a cemented front foot, a swing of the bat, the ball ballooning to mid-on who took a simple catch to his right;Kyle McCallan c Tait b Symonds 5 (32m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.77;
20.5;?;Symonds to McCallan, no run but he does drive this time, though it's a little short to be doing so and it's aerially clubbed to cover;
20.4;?;Symonds to McCallan, no run just a little too wide, but it's a good length from Symonds here, not allowing the batsman to drive;
20.3;?;Symonds to McCallan, no run too straight but he can't make anything of it, nudging it to leg and straight to midwicket;
20.2;?;Symonds to McCallan, no run good length, if slightly wide, and it's defended out to cover;
20.1;?;Symonds to McCallan, no run here comes Symonds, chugging in, and it's defended on the front foot;
19.6;1;Hogg to McCallan, 1 run swept just behind square;
19.5;?;Hogg to McCallan, no run the wrong'un which is misread by the batsman who plays and misses outside off;
19.4;?;Hogg to McCallan, no run smothered by the batsman on the front foot;
19.3;1;Hogg to Mooney, 1 run pushed out to cover for a single;
19.2;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run nearly! On middle-and-off, he came forward meekly and tried to defend it but the spin of the ball almost saw it wobble into his stumps;
19.1;?;Hogg to Mooney, no run on off stump, he tries to paddle it but misses;
18.6;1;Tait to Mooney, 1 run pushed out off the back foot and he screams through for a single;
18.5;4;Tait to Mooney, FOUR runs shot! That's what he was attempting the previous delivery, driving this on the up past Symonds this time. Fabulous shot;
18.4;2;Tait to Mooney, 2 runs terrific stop from Symonds at extra cover saves four. Mooney just pushed at it, seemingly without any power, but such is Tait's pace that it fairly sped off the bat;
18.3;?;Tait to Mooney, no run much better; full, swinging into the left hander's off stump who somehow gets bat on it, inside-edging it onto his boot but fortunately not onto his pads;
18.3;3w;Tait to Mooney, 3 wide well that's vicious, if wooly - not to mention wild. Short, and he ducks underneath it;
18.2;1;Tait to McCallan, 1 run nicely clunked to extra cover, and they set off for a single;
18.1;?;Tait to McCallan, no run ooh that was quick. 92 mph, but looked faster, and swinging into the batsman who dug it out;
17.6;?;Clark to Mooney, no run forward on the front foot, if not quite to the pitch of the ball, and it's sliced to point;
17.5;?;Clark to Mooney, no run short, rising onto the left hander who punches it off the back foot to cover;
17.4;?;Clark to Mooney, no run short and wide, once again, and left alone;
17.3;?;Clark to Mooney, no run a nothing delivery, really, too wide of the off stump to threaten the batsman;
17.2;?;Clark to Mooney, no run ever-so-slightly shorter, allowing him just a fraction more time to read the length and it's left alone. Wisely. Like an owl.;
17.1;?;Clark to Mooney, no run a classic Clark cutter, and a fine piece of alliteration there from Will, as this little off cutter just moves away from a tentative forward defence from the batsman;
16.6;3;Tait to Mooney, 3 runs neatly driven down the ground;
16.5;?;Tait to Mooney, no run on off stump, swinging back into the left hander who jumps back to leg, as though shocked by an electric pokery implement, and pushes i to leg;
16.4;2;Tait to Mooney, 2 runs excellent first nut, on leg stump, but it's squeezed out on the back foot, square of the wicket out into the off side;
16.3;W;Tait to Johnston, OUT but he's got him this time. Clever bowling from Tait, sending it just a touch wider and enticing the drive. Johnston goes for an expansive slap through the covers, but instead the ball slaps into his stumps;Trent Johnston b Tait 17 (30m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 68;
16.2;?;Tait to Johnston, no run my word that was sharp; on middle stump, he tries to nudge it to leg but appears to get a thin edge which the slips, wicketkeeper and bowler all appeal for. Perhaps it brushed his pad;
16.1;?;Tait to Johnston, no run much, much better, angling into the batsman and it actually holds its line there. Perhaps the batsman was expecting it to swing, or cut, away, as indicated by his attempt to hammer it off the back foot. And he missed;
16.1;1w;Tait to Johnston, 1 wide rubbish. Short, wide and wided by the umpire;
15.6;3;Clark to Johnston, 3 runs well played. A full toss worked off his legs, past the diving short midwicket; the Hogg runs around from deep square leg, tongue slavering out of his mouth like a Labrador;
15.5;?;Clark to Johnston, no run onto the front foot and he tries to clobber it but can only clatter it straight into the ground;
15.4;?;Clark to Johnston, no run ooh close! A play-and-a-miss outside off to a really fine leg-cutter, swinging further away after cutting;
15.3;?;Clark to Johnston, no run and another one which keeps low, rattling into his pads;
15.2;?;Clark to Johnston, no run an attempted bouncer? Perhaps not quite short enough to be considered a bouncer, but nevertheless he shies away from it, dropping his hands low;
15.1;?;Clark to Johnston, no run pushed easily to cover, but straight to cover;
14.6;?;Tait to McCallan, no run but that's much better from McCallan, confidently (ish) forward and defended with a straight bat;
14.5;?;Tait to McCallan, no run oh nearly goddim there. A fearsome ball just outside off, full and fast which is clamped down upon at the very last moment, gets a bottom edge, and the ball very nearly shaves his off stump;
14.5;1w;Tait to McCallan, 1 wide an ugly, short, wide, lifting delivery which is easily left alone;
14.4;?;Tait to McCallan, no run flicked off his legs to Hodge who, rather impetuously, shies at the stumps but hits the batsman;
14.3;2;Tait to McCallan, 2 runs very nicely played, just calmly driving this on the front foot through the infield, past cover, for a couple;
14.2;?;Tait to McCallan, no run tighter length and a touch fuller, left alone at the last moment;
14.1;?;Tait to McCallan, no run a roar from Tait, as is his wont, but it's short and wide enough to be left alone with ease;
13.6;?;Clark to Johnston, no run excellent ball on middle-and-off and it's defended solidly on the front foot;
13.5;?;Clark to Johnston, no run firmly pushed back to the bowler;
13.4;4;Clark to Johnston, FOUR runs too short and it's uppercut down to McGrath at third man - who makes a complete hash of it. He only had a few yards to run to his right, but seemed to give up at the last moment;
13.3;1;Clark to McCallan, 1 run ah, lovely bowling; spearing in to his leg stump like a stray missile, squeezed out by the batsman;
13.2;W;Clark to K O'Brien, OUT drifting onto his pads and timed beautifully, with an elegant flick of his wrists, but he picks out Hodge at short midwicket who didn't need move an inch, taking the ball at head height;Kevin O'Brien c Hodge b Clark 16 (51m 25b 3x4 0x6) SR: 64;
13.1;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run ooh edged but just short of first slip. Some way short of the slips in fact;
12.6;2;McGrath to Johnston, 2 runs calmly driven, if a little uppishly, through the covers without really timing it...but neatly placed nevertheless;
12.5;?;McGrath to Johnston, no run short of a length and left alone;
12.4;?;McGrath to Johnston, no run shot - but brilliantly fielded by Clarke at backward point. It was savagely cut just to Clarke's right who dived and saved four;
12.3;?;McGrath to Johnston, no run that's more like it from the old man; just outside off and it's clamped down upon by the batsman;
12.2;4;McGrath to Johnston, FOUR runs shot! That's a delicious shot, timing a fairly meek delivery on his legs, punching it with pleasing timing past mid-on;
12.1;2;McGrath to Johnston, 2 runs solidly, firmly cut off the back foot past point;
11.6;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run but a touch of bounce there from Clark, outside off, O'Brien cuts hard but can only find thin air. An almighty heave ho.;
11.5;?;Clark to K O'Brien, no run play and a miss outside off. That kept disconcertingly low on O'Brien who fished at it, missed it and they all go home for tea;
11.4;1;Clark to Johnston, 1 run easily nudged to leg for a single;
11.3;?;Clark to Johnston, no run ooh luverly yorker from Clark there, on off stump and swinging into the batsman who digs it out with his willow spade;
11.2;?;Clark to Johnston, no run too short and straight, clipped off his legs but straight to midwicket;
11.1;?;Clark to Johnston, no run on middle-and-leg, he's right back in his stumps - practically sitting on his stumps - and defends off the back foot;
10.6;1;McGrath to Johnston, 1 run that'll make him feel better, a firm, crunching late cut down to third man;
10.5;?;McGrath to Johnston, no run just outside off and he leaves it alone;
10.4;?;McGrath to Johnston, no run a short bouncer, wild and wooly and down the leg side;
10.3;W;McGrath to White, OUT great catch! An excellent slower ball which he misread, spooning it over McGrath's head; Hogg sprints to his right and takes a fine, low catch;Andrew White c Hogg b McGrath 6 (30m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30;
10.2;?;McGrath to White, no run just short of a length, lacking any pace and White is back and across, pushing it out to cover;
10.1;2;McGrath to White, 2 runs no sign of any discomfort after being smacked on the cranium in the previous over; a lovely flick off his legs, albeit a full toss on leg stump, neatly timed through midwicket;
5.6;3;Tait to K O'Brien, 3 runs again drifting on the pads and neatly clipped away through square leg, it pulls up short of the rope;
5.6;1w;Tait to K O'Brien, 1 wide is Tait being greedy or what? This time he sprays the ball wide down off;
5.6;1nb;Tait to K O'Brien, (no ball) oh dear;
5.5;?;Tait to K O'Brien, no run dropped! Ponting dives to his right to take a relatively difficult chance at second slip, the ball popping out of his hands as he lands;
5.4;1;Tait to White, 1 run;
5.4;1w;Tait to White, 1 wide another wide down leg, at 92mph, spot on 148kph;
5.3;?;Tait to White, no run defended forward tis time;
5.2;?;Tait to White, no run outside off, and left alone;
5.2;1w;Tait to White, 1 wide another wide, this one down leg at 91.6mph, which is 145.5kph, warp factor 0.202. 1612.16 inches a second;
5.2;1w;Tait to White, 1 wide misdirected sling shot at 90mph (145kph) down off (Warp factor 0.2 for any Klingons out there);
5.1;?;Tait to White, no run outside off, some naughty swing threatens to send back yet another Irish player, but he doesn't connect with a loose swish away from his body, his feet stuck in the ground;
4.6;1;McGrath to White, 1 run pushed into the covers;
4.5;?;McGrath to White, no run stands tall, and that's an inside edge, nearly back on the stumps, but not quite and Gilchrist tidies;
4.4;?;McGrath to White, no run driven into the covers;
4.3;W;McGrath to Morgan, OUT very soft, on off stump, and that's outside-edged to first slip. Ireland in complete disarray;Eoin Morgan c Hayden b McGrath 0 (19m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.2;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run short, played into the covers and will they run? "No!" I like a good, clear call like that;
4.1;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run left alone outside off;
3.6;4;Tait to K O'Brien, FOUR runs a good shot again, tucked off the toes again and that races again;
3.5;?;Tait to K O'Brien, no run short, the batsman ducks into it, right into it, and that clatters right into his bat. He didn't flinch;
3.4;4;Tait to K O'Brien, FOUR runs just too short, but straight, and that's played well off the toes through midwicket;
3.4;1w;Tait to K O'Brien, 1 wide more of the leg stuff, this one rising a bit more, hopping over O'Brien's bent back;
3.4;1w;Tait to K O'Brien, 1 wide down leg, Tait must think he's still bowling to lefthanders;
3.3;?;Tait to K O'Brien, no run ooh, as close as you can get to a hat-trick without getting a hat-trick - too good that one, squaring him up at 92mph, and it just slinks past his outside edge - just;
3.2;W;Tait to N O'Brien, OUT ...and out again: full toss, and there's no footwork as the batsman drags a huge inside edge back onto his stumps and Tait's on a hat-trick;Niall O'Brien b Tait 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.1;W;Tait to Porterfield, OUT right up there, straight, on leg, not much swing, too quick for the batsman and not much time's needed for the decision;William Porterfield lbw b Tait 1 (14m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 9.09;
2.6;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run up there, on leg, and that's pushed to square;
2.5;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run well struck by Morgan in front of point, but Symonds stops that in the covers;
2.4;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run that one cut back in, just a touch, at the lefthander - plenty of bounce again and nearly cutting him up;
2.3;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run left alone outside off as that slinks through on a good length;
2.2;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run pushed right up there and that's played down into the covers;
2.1;?;McGrath to Morgan, no run brings his bat down on that one, which was full and pitched just in front of him on line with off;
1.6;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run low full toss on leg and that's too quick for him, just crashing into his knee roll, but would have gone on past leg;
1.5;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run more of the sharp stuff, that one outside off, on a yorker length and the batsman played very late indeed - that ball was too quick for him;
1.4;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run on middle, short and there's some excitement as that's tucked down to the man at square;
1.3;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run full toss at the hips and that's just skewed into the covers. Full tosses are usually gifts, but their angle can be quite awkward;
1.2;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run left alone outside off stump;
1.1;?;Tait to Porterfield, no run quick and hostile immediately - just shooting that past the outside edge, rearing up and past the head. Gilchrist likes that one;
0.6;W;McGrath to Bray, OUT and that's a very early strike indeed, inswing clipped the outside of off stump. Bray didn't move his feet, tried to jab down on it. Failed;Jeremy Bray b McGrath 1 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
0.5;1;McGrath to Porterfield, 1 run slower ball, poked down and they set off. They have to hurry... or they would have done if Mr Mike Hussey-Cricket hadn't fumbled on his way through;
0.4;?;McGrath to Porterfield, no run angled across the lefthander, scrambled seam, testing him outside off and he just lets that go. Good ball from Glenn;
0.3;?;McGrath to Porterfield, no run short, a mistimed pull to square and the call immediately comes: "Wait!";
0.2;?;McGrath to Porterfield, no run pushed right up there, on the money, and that's defended down by Porterhouse;
0.1;1;McGrath to Bray, 1 run off the mark straight away, that's massive, a poke to the covers, a dash to the other end and a huge stare from McGrath. Welcome;

9.30am We're all ready to go, including the leprechauns in the crowd. The Australians positively raced onto the pitch, there; they're up for it. The Irish openers strolled a little more sedately, soaking up the atmosphere. Jeremy Bray is ready to face, while William Porterfield is pretending to be ready to face at the other end.
Glenn McGrath is preparing to open up.
9.10am G'day everyone, top of the morning, afternoon, evening etc and welcome along to coverage of Australia v Ireland.
The toss was won by Ricky Ponting has chosen to bowl because "Aw, there's a little moisture on the top of the wicket." There'll be no let-up against the Irish. "We are going to go flat out today." The pitch is really bouncy; "more bounce than the Sydney Mardi Gras", according to Damien Fleming, bafflingly enough. The cracks are moving, and will make chasing hard, so bowling first is the choice decision.
Trent Johnston is "not unhappy" with batting first, though. "We've got to get through the first ten overs." He got out his big, broad flat-bat to Ramiz Raja's question: is this professionals against amateurs? "We're just going to go out and play our own game - going out their to do our three disciplines well." And he's already got his media response discipline off to a good start. Well done that man.
One change for Ireland - Peter Gillespie is out and John Mooney in, a change in the bowling owing to the paciness of the pitch.
Very remiss of me not to say who I am; I am Jenny Thompson, I will be joined by Will Luke who's just burst through the door; the lowdown on us here, and here's an early explanation of Powerplays. In fact, it's not, that link was given to me by Martin Williamson, a cheap shot at trying to get some page impressions We'll bring you the link later. Here's Dileep Premachandran's preview of events meanwhile.
Weather check - sunny with scattered high clouds at Bridgetown, which is just as well, as that's where this match is.
I've had an email from our commercial department imploring you all to "Check out our bouquet of downloadable stuff for the World Cup". Don't say bouquet, you'll set me off - speaking of which, did you know it's cheaper to get married on a Friday 13th? Apparently.
This is the Powerplay link.
 Innings Start
Well, that was sadly predictable. But, my, Australia said they were going all out for the win, and they didn't make any mistake in doing so. They may have tinkered with their batting order, but sending Hussey and Symonds for some practice proved a good decision. Thanks for joining us today, do return tomorrow when New Zealand take on South Africa.
12.2;6;Rankin to Hussey, SIX runs outside off and that's planted right over midwicket to end the match;
12.1;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run outside off, up there, and that's defended forward;
11.6;1;McCallan to Hussey, 1 run turning over towards leg and that's poked to midwicket;
11.5;?;McCallan to Hussey, no run outside off and that's dabbed to gully;
11.4;4;McCallan to Hussey, FOUR runs Hussey knows it, too, and he's driven that aerially in front of midwicket;
11.3;?;McCallan to Hussey, no run just outside off and that's defended into the covers;
11.2;?;McCallan to Hussey, no run on a good spot again and that's defended forward;
11.1;?;McCallan to Hussey, no run on the money and that's defended quietly forward;
10.6;?;Johnston to Symonds, no run turned away behind square;
10.6;1w;Johnston to Symonds, 1 wide lost his radar there, and that one's skewed down leg;
10.5;?;Johnston to Symonds, no run squares him up a touch and that's outside edged down in front of the slips;
10.4;1;Johnston to Hussey, 1 run ooh, outside off, crunched to the covers and a direct hit would have had Symonds in some difficulty;
10.3;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run he's bowling round the wicket, by the way, and that's defended into the covers;
10.2;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run nips back in and there's some swing, too;
10.2;1nb;Johnston to Hussey, (no ball) nips back in off the seam, but that's overstepped by Johnston;
10.1;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run outside off and Hussey shoulders his shoulders;
10.1;1w;Johnston to Hussey, 1 wide wide down off and that's left alone;
9.6;6;Mooney to Symonds, SIX runs a Symonds special. Steps down the track and just lifts a half-volley straight and over the boundary boards;
9.5;?;Mooney to Symonds, no run defended forward;
9.4;2;Mooney to Symonds, 2 runs dropped! Bray got two hands to that one, but it was travelling, a real rocket of a flat-bat swipe outside off;
9.3;2;Mooney to Symonds, 2 runs outside off and that's dabbed out to third man;
9.2;4;Mooney to Symonds, FOUR runs short and that's thumped through midwicket with a powerful pull shot;
9.1;?;Mooney to Symonds, no run on the spot, and that's defended down;
8.6;1;Johnston to Symonds, 1 run off the mark straight away with a drive to mid-on;
8.5;W;Johnston to Gilchrist, OUT done him! Great ball from Johnston, nipping back in off the seam at the lefthander, keeping low, the stumps go flying and the bowler does a jig;Adam Gilchrist b Johnston 34 (38m 25b 4x4 0x6) SR: 136;
8.4;1;Johnston to Hussey, 1 run outside off, pushed up there, but the batsman drives into the covers;
8.3;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run swing down the channel, on a good length, and that's left alone;
8.2;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run swing again, and on a good length, and that's just defended on the front foot;
8.1;1;Johnston to Gilchrist, 1 run swing again, on his toes, and that's worked away to fine leg;
7.6;1;Rankin to Gilchrist, 1 run plays away from his body, there's an inside edge but that doesn't carry through to the keeper and Gilchrist gets away with it;
7.5;4;Rankin to Gilchrist, FOUR runs outside off and that's driven straight back past the bowler;
7.4;?;Rankin to Gilchrist, no run oh, Rankin thought he had Gilchrist then, there was a loud woody click, but it was the bat crunching down on the ball, skewing an edge into his leg;
7.3;3;Rankin to Hussey, 3 runs punches straight through long-off;
7.2;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run on a good length, and that's defended down;
7.1;1;Rankin to Gilchrist, 1 run short, on leg, and that's hooked round to wide long leg;
6.6;?;Johnston to Hussey, no run short and that's driven out to short midwicket;
6.5;4;Johnston to Hussey, FOUR runs turned it round through fine leg and that races away;
6.4;4;Johnston to Hussey, FOUR runs horrible from Johnston, full toss outside off, and Hussey leans into a cover drive;
6.3;1;Johnston to Gilchrist, 1 run short and tries to rush that up, and ultimately down, to fine leg;
6.2;2;Johnston to Gilchrist, 2 runs timed well in front of midwicket;
6.1;?;Johnston to Gilchrist, no run chases that round and the keeper appeals;
5.6;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run swings back into the lefthander from outside off;
5.5;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run well bowled, just outside off, and that swings back into him;
5.4;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run tries to pull, but doesn't get hold of it;
5.3;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run misdirected down leg, lots of swing and that's well taken by O'Brien behind the stumps. well, nearly at leg slip in fact;
5.3;1w;Rankin to Hussey, 1 wide;
5.2;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run on leg, a touch short and that's tucked off the hips;
5.1;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run pushed up there and that's defended down tidily;
4.6;?;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, no run over the wicket, up there, and that's defended forward;
4.5;4;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, FOUR runs width again, Gilchrist steps out to it and smashes it off the back foot through point;
4.4;4;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, FOUR runs width outside off and that gets the treatment, attempted slower ball, and that's lashed again through cover drive;
4.3;4;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, FOUR runs swinging back into him, but that's dispatched with a forceful cover drive and that's travelling;
4.2;2;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 2 runs round the wicket, Gilchrist nicks that out to Boyd Rankin at, appropriately enough, long leg and he does well to keep that inside the rope;
4.1;2;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 2 runs punched into the leg side off the front foot;
3.6;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run worked into the leg side;
3.5;1;Rankin to Gilchrist, 1 run outside off and there's enough room and time for the batsman to stand up on his back foot and play that out to third man;
3.4;1;Rankin to Hussey, 1 run poor direction again, and there was just a touch of bat involved;
3.3;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run on leg and that's just tucked down to square;
3.3;1w;Rankin to Hussey, 1 wide that one strays down leg;
3.2;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run outside off and that's left alone;
3.2;1w;Rankin to Hussey, 1 wide chased that down leg;
3.1;1;Rankin to Gilchrist, 1 run short, on leg, and that's tucked into short midwicket;
2.6;?;D Langford-Smith to Hussey, no run swings away from the lefthander and on and on;
2.5;1;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 1 run Dave nearly gets a wicket there, Gilchrist chopping that one back towards the stumps with an inside edge;
2.4;?;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, no run swished at that one outside off;
2.3;4lb;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 4 leg byes four leg byes off the thigh;
2.2;?;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, no run driven out to long-on;
2.2;1w;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 1 wide swinging down leg, too wide;
2.1;?;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, no run straight, short and played defensively down off the back foot;
1.6;2;Rankin to Hussey, 2 runs on leg, going for the bouncer again, not getting it, and that was turned round to deep fine leg... ah, make that long leg, then;
1.5;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run on leg, and that's tucked without much fuss into the leg-side;
1.5;1w;Rankin to Hussey, 1 wide leg-side wide, trying to bounce Hussey - got the angle and line all wrong, though;
1.4;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run oh, a tester, nipping off the seam on a good length;
1.3;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run straight, shooting up and it's shot down off the back foot, defensively, into the leg side - the pair look for a single, but decide not to go for it;
1.2;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run on leg and that's poked to short midwicket;
1.1;?;Rankin to Hussey, no run gets some bounce and that's defended off the back foot;
0.6;2;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 2 runs driven into the ground through cover, who gets a fingertip on it;
0.5;1;D Langford-Smith to Hussey, 1 run driven into the leg-side ring and that's a quick single;
0.4;?;D Langford-Smith to Hussey, no run vicious late swing, after it had gone past the bat;
0.3;2;D Langford-Smith to Hussey, 2 runs more diving efforts inside the rope, this time by Bray at third man, that one just pushed with an open face down on;
0.2;3;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 3 runs very good effort to keep that in on the midwicket boundary by McCallan, at full stretch;
0.1;?;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, no run full toss, thigh-height, and that's driven firmly back to mid-on;
0.1;1w;D Langford-Smith to Gilchrist, 1 wide brilliant ball to a righthander, as that one swings away down the leg-side and is called wide;

"Disarray in the Australian camp!" chips in Andrew Miller. "Ponting said this would never happen. Hubris, I tell you." Maybe - but I reckon Australia will be more than safe
 Innings Start
Ireland
Australia
40th Match, Super Eights, Bridgetown, Apr 13 2007, ICC World Cup
91
92/1
Player of the match is Glenn McGrath, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 226 balls remaining)
