Data
6.25pm A superb effort from Chandimal carries Sri Lanka to 226, a score they will take after that middle-overs stutter. Batting in his final ODI, Dilshan got Sri Lanka off to a solid start but picked out midwicket for 42. Sri Lanka kept losing wickets through the middle, setting them back, but Chandimal ensured he stayed there till the end to give some respectability to the score. Could be quite a tricky chase actually. Stick around to find out.
49.2;W;Faulkner to Chandimal, OUT nice catch from Zampa at long-on to end the innings. A slower ball on off, Chandimal comes down and swings through the line, the ball goes up, stays up for quite a while, but Zampa sets himself under it at long-on and takes a good catch.;Dinesh Chandimal c Zampa b Faulkner 102 (213m 130b 7x4 0x6) SR: 78.46;
49.1;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs low full toss on off, Chandimal gets low and looks to sweep but doesn't make contact. Hit on the pads, just outside the line of off. Bat says the umpire, but no bat.;
48.6;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run that's Chandimal's 100. What an innings this has been. Takes off his helmet, kisses the badge and soaks in the applause for this has been a special effort with wickets falling all around him. Drove a full delivery to deep cover to also keep strike;
48.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run yorker on off, Chandimal looks to flick through midwicket but can only find the bowler;
48.4;1;Starc to Aponso, 1 run well played. Raucous cheers for that run. Fullish outside off, pushed away to cover;
48.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run just the one. Full and wide outside off, Chandimal looks to drive but the ball skews to third man for one. Chandimal on 99, but Aponso on strike;
48.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, Chandimal shuffles across, looks to guide one to third man but misses;
48.1;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs four more. Chandimal moves onto 98. Full toss outside off, Chandimal goes after it but the ball moves away in the air. A thick outside edge races away to the third man boundary;
47.6;?;Hastings to Aponso, no run full yorker outside off, 128 kph. Jammed out;
47.5;W;Hastings to Perera, OUT gone this time. A short delivery on off, bouncer. Dilruwan stays in his crease and checks his pull straight to Warner at midwicket. Didn't keep it down, didn't go after it. Lobbed a catch instead;Dilruwan Perera c Warner b Hastings 17 (33m 21b 1x4 1x6) SR: 80.95;
47.4;6;Hastings to Perera, SIX runs whew, way over mid-off. Dilruwan backs away, gets a length delivery and goes after his lofted slap. Enough power behind that to carry the distance;
47.3;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run shortish on middle, gets on top of the bounce and plays it down to fine leg;
47.2;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run short, slow, wide delivery. Chandimal walks way across the line to try and ramp to fine leg, misses and the umpire rightly doesn't call a wide;
47.1;2;Hastings to Chandimal, 2 runs just past Wade. A short, slow bouncer on off, Chandimal gets low and looks to ramp it to fine leg but gets it on the glove. Wade scurries back but just cannot get there;
46.6;2;Faulkner to Perera, 2 runs slower delivery outside off, steered towards third man where Hastings is slow to it and returns a loopy throw, allowing the batsmen to ease back for the second;
46.5;4;Faulkner to Perera, FOUR runs four more. Fullish and wide outside off, a thick inside edge misses the stumps and whistles to the fine leg fence. Vital runs;
46.4;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run another missed throw. Driven towards cover point, Marsh picks up and fires over the stumps as Perera was sent back;
46.3;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run another slower delivery outside off, pushed to long-on;
46.3;1w;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 wide another wide, way outside the tramline;
46.2;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run Warner cannot believe he has missed. Fullish ioutside off, the slower ball. Perera bunts his stroke to cover where Warner sets himself but misses;
46.2;1w;Faulkner to Perera, 1 wide drifts down leg, a wide, another extra. Australia already six minutes past the scheduled end-of-innings time;
46.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run fullish and wide outside off, Faulkner shuffles across but flicks into his pad.;
43.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and straight from Starc, Perera somehow keeps it out;
43.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run full on off, solidly behind the line to block;
43.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run and again. Full on off, Perera plays the line but the ball goes past. Can't do much but just that.;
43.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and wide outside off, the ball beats the bat after some late movement;
43.2;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run lovely bowling, full and straight, pushed to long-off. Very late movement;
43.1;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run looking for that yorker again, pushed out to deep cover from the crease;
42.6;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run flight on off, driven back to the bowler;
42.5;1lb;Zampa to Perera, 1 leg bye bat says umpire Aleem Dar. That looked close. Warner opts to review. No bat. A flat delivery on leg, the ball skids on and strikes Perera on the front pad, then back pad. So two pads. Phew, that was close. Umpire's call on impact, I don't think that was what the umpire called but that is the decision, i presume. He didn't give the lbw because he thought there was bat.;
42.4;?;Zampa to Perera, no run the googly this time, flight outside off, defended;
42.3;?;Zampa to Perera, no run drifts down leg, slides on. Raps Perera on the pad down leg. An optimistic appeal is quickly struck down;
42.2;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run flatter and wide outside off, tapped out towards cover;
42.1;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run flight outside off, nice drift. Driven to deep cover;
45.6;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run walks across and clips this 119 kph full delivery to fine leg for one;
45.6;1w;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 wide another bouncer, this one just too high. A wide, way over the batsman's head;
45.5;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run bouncer on off, the slower bouncer. Perera gets on top of the bounce to slap towards midwicket for a quick run;
45.4;?;Hastings to Perera, no run good length outside off, carved straight to point. Another dot;
45.3;?;Hastings to Perera, no run overpitched outside off, driven towards cover. SL going nowhere;
45.2;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run full outside off, pushed into the covers for one;
45.1;2;Hastings to Chandimal, 2 runs full and wide, too wide in fact as Chandimal slashes this down to third man for a brace;
44.6;1lb;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 leg bye and again, walks across to try and get one to square leg but fails to;
44.5;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run and again, not sure if this is clever. Fuller than a good length just outside off, Chandimal tries to flick through square leg but misses;
44.4;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run fullish and straight again, Chandimal misses his flick. May have struck him just outside the lune;
44.3;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs played fine for a couple. straight, another slower ball. Chandimal gets right across the line to turn;
44.2;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run slower ball, pace off. Chandimal gets across and fails to connect with his flick;
44.1;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs nicely played. Full and wide outside off, dragged from well outside off to square leg for a couple. A wayward throw from Wade to the non-strikers end, but no damage;
41.6;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run solidly behind the line of that, angled his bat to find the gap through cover;
41.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run beauty. How do you play that? Full on off, so Perera lays the line, but the ball jags away so late. Beats the bat. Superb bowling;
41.5;1w;Starc to Perera, 1 wide strays down leg this time, a free run. Wide;
41.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run yorker, but wide outside off. Jammed out to point;
41.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run another low full toss on middle, driven straight to cover who fires the throw at the non-strikers end. Ricochets off towards square leg for a free run. Finch raises his hand in apology;
41.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full on off, some late away movement. Driven to cover;
41.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run yorker on off, patted towards point;
40.6;W;Zampa to Prasanna, OUT picks out deep midwicket. Filthy half-tracker on off, Prasanna rocks back and nails his pull, but straight to Bailey who sets himself under and takes it. Not the way Zampa would have wanted to get that;Seekkuge Prasanna c Bailey b Zampa 3 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
40.5;?;Zampa to Prasanna, no run how did that miss? The slider just outside off, Prasanna plays back and his off stump is almost pegged back;
40.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run flight outside off, drilled to long-off;
40.3;1;Zampa to Prasanna, 1 run flat outside off, extracts some spin. Worked away towards midwicket from the back foot;
40.2;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run shortish and wide outside off, Chandimal gets on top of the bounce and slaps his cut to deep point;
40.1;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run nice stuff. Flight on off, a bit of loop and drift. Chandimal defends;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Prasanna, no run good length on middle, solidly behind the line is Prasanna;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Prasanna, no run beauty. Good length outside off, Prasanna fishes at that but the ball goes past;
39.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run well bowled, full and straight, Chandimal is squared up but gets one to deep cover;
39.3;1;Hazlewood to Prasanna, 1 run back of a length on off, Prasanna rides the bounce and pulls to deep square leg;
39.2;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length outside off, patted towards backward point. Bailey is quick on it, bad single. A direct hit would have had the batsman;
39.1;4;Hazlewood to Chandimal, FOUR runs too straight from Hazlewood, gets picked off by Chandi who uses his wrists to get it behind square. Nicely played.;
38.6;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run better, fullish length outside off, punched out towards deep cover for a run.;
38.5;1;Hastings to Prasanna, 1 run back of a length outside off, pushed to deep cover from the crease;
38.4;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length on off, Chandi gets on top of the bounce and pulls to fine leg;
38.3;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run slogged across the line. Pace off the ball again, back of a length outside off. Chandi is through his stroke;
38.2;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run good length on off and middle, solidly behind the line;
38.1;W;Hastings to Perera, OUT taken! What was that from Perera. Pace off the ball from Hastings, Perera went through with his wild hoick and only succeeded in slogging it into the hands of deep square leg. Lovely bowling, wily change in pace.;Thisara Perera c Marsh b Hastings 9 (12m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 90;
37.6;1;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 run shortish and wide outside off, carved out to deep point for one;
37.5;2;Hazlewood to Perera, 2 runs just over midwicket for a couple more. Full and straight, Perera drove but the ball skewed off the inside half, got just enough power to clear midwicket;
37.4;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run back of a length outside off, bunted out to cover from the back foot. No run;
37.3;2;Hazlewood to Perera, 2 runs good length on off, worked towards backward square leg this time and Perera comes back for two more. Well played;
37.2;2;Hazlewood to Perera, 2 runs back of a length on middle, pulled to deep midwicket for a couple. Got on top of the bounce nicely there;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run back of a length outside off, 134 kph. Slashed to point;
36.6;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run back of a length on off, tapped towards point. Perera sends his partner back;
36.5;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run short, loopy bouncer on middle. Pulled down towards fine leg. Too high to control;
36.4;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run short and wide outside off, cut down to third man;
36.3;1;Hastings to Perera, 1 run nice drive. Back of a length outside off, moves away. Pushed to deep cover for a run;
36.2;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run fullish outside off, skews off the outside half towards cover for one;
36.1;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run cross-seam, slower ball on off, pushed towards mid-off;
35.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and straight, moving back in. Perera misses his flick and is struck on the pads down leg;
35.5;W;Starc to Perera, OUT too good! Another swinging yorker does for Kusal. Tailed in on leg, Kusal misses his flick and the ball hits leg stump. Some discernible late movement back in. May have ricocheted off the pads, and then into the stumps;Kusal Perera b Starc 11 (32m 20b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55;
35.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run slower ball, pace off the ball. Straight, turned to midwicket;
35.3;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run nicely played. Short outside off, 142 kph. Chandimal arches his back and cuts to third man;
35.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full and straight, 144 kph. Chandimal flicks and finds midwicket.;
35.2;1w;Starc to Chandimal, 1 wide wayward down the leg side, 141 kph. Mis-directed. A free run;
35.1;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run low full toss, looking for the yorker. Nicely flicked towards backward square leg, who gets around and prevents the second.;
34.6;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run more flight on off, Kusal runs down and hammers his drive back at Zampa, who gets a hand on it.;
34.5;2;Zampa to Perera, 2 runs two in a row. Short and wide outside off, another googly. Slapped to deep cover for a brace;
34.4;?;Zampa to Perera, no run the googly! Spins from leg to off, Kusal picks it off the pitch and bunts it back;
34.3;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run flight outside off, Chandimal looks to hit that too hard, inside-edges towards square leg for one;
34.2;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run overpitched on middle, squeezed to Bailey at midwicket;
34.1;1;Zampa to Perera, 1 run short and slow on off, Kusal waits and waits before pulling to deep square leg;
33.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run short and wide outside off, Chandimal gets on top of the bounce and slaps to cover. Signs of a slow surface;
33.5;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run full and straight, bunted down to long-on;
33.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and wide, slashed to backward point. That was hit hard, Bailey gets a hand on it to save four.;
33.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run there it is. The inswinging yorker on middle, Kusal hurriedly keeps it out;
33.2;?;Starc to Perera, no run lovely change-up. Bouncer on middle and Kusal gets underneath;
33.1;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run a low full toss on off, Chandimal pushes towards mid-off and calls for one. Easily made;
32.6;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run superb over from Hazlewood. Accurate on off again, and Kusal blocks to cover;
32.5;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run lovely lines these, nagging away on and around off. Kusal blocks;
32.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run better. Good length on off, comes back in. Steered to third man;
32.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run fullish on off, bat close to pad and pushed to cover. Vital deliveries ticking away, a single or two releases pressure.;
32.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run 129 kph, stays leg side of the ball. Full on off, an attractive drive to mid-off. Sees Warner fielding and refuses the run;
32.1;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run full and straight, bringing this ball back in. Chandi gets behind the line and blocks.;
31.6;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run full and straight, solidly behind the line this time;
31.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run sloppy, very unlike Australia. Full and wide outside off, a nice drive to cover. Finch gets down but the ball hist his knee and ricochets for an extra;
31.4;1;Faulkner to Perera, 1 run thick inside edge this time, just past the stumps for a run down to fine leg. Some inward movement;
31.3;4;Faulkner to Perera, FOUR runs slogged past midwicket for four. Not in control at all. Full and straight, Kusal sees an opportunity and swings across the line. Uppish but just wide of midwicket;
31.2;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run back of a length outside off, pace off the ball. Bunted to cover. No pace in this surface;
31.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run full and wide, a thick outside edge skews down to third man;
30.6;?;Hastings to Perera, no run offers the straight bat for the good length ball around off stump;
30.5;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run delicate work now as he stays back and guides the slightly slower delivery to third man;
30.4;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run goes across a bit and uses his wrists to work the ball to midwicket;
30.3;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run punchy drive from outside off to cover this time;
30.2;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run offcutter coming in towards Chandimal from outside off, no room eventually and he helps the ball to point;
30.1;2;Hastings to Chandimal, 2 runs back of length outside off, he goes back and across and works it behind square on leg for two;
29.6;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run bit shorter and closer to the off stump, Kusal pushes it into the covers now;
29.5;?;Faulkner to Perera, no run bit of room outside off and he chops the ball to point;
29.4;W;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, OUT he tries to accelerate and hands a catch to mid-on, good work there by Shaun Marsh! Came down the track and took the ball on the full, stroking the ball in the air and Marsh dived to his left after a few steps to grab it with both hands;Dhananjaya de Silva c Marsh b Faulkner 12 (39m 30b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40;
29.3;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run pretty straight and towards the off stump, de Silva defends with a straight bat;
29.2;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run an authoritative drive through the covers as he gets to open his arms;
29.1;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs hops on his toes and works the ball off the pads towards deep backward for two quick runs;
28.6;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run easily works the ball from outside off to third man for a single;
28.5;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run cracking late and square drive from Chandimal, but he finds point;
28.4;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run inside edge, almost onto the stumps. He tried to drive the cutter from Hastings and got an edge, which hit his pads;
28.3;1;Hastings to Dhananjaya, 1 run outside the off stump and he pushes it to sweeper cover for one;
28.2;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run direct hit and de Silva was miles away! Chandimal took off quickly after defending the ball towards point, Bailey was on it quickly and threw it to the keeper's end but just missed, luckily for de Silva;
28.1;4;Hastings to Chandimal, FOUR runs nice, delicate work Chandimal to hang back and guide the short ball late and fine on the off side by opening the face of the bat late. Beats third man and that's his half-century;
27.6;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run on a good length outside off, de Silva waits and cuts straight to point;
27.5;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run nicely punched down the ground from outside off, to long-off for one;
27.4;1;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, 1 run gets a fuller delivery now and works it to third man for one;
27.3;?;Faulkner to Dhananjaya, no run just short of midwicket! Fullish on middle and off, de Silva nearly chipped it half-heartedly to midwicket;
27.2;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run well outside off now with the angle, he helps it to third man easily;
27.1;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run pretty slow and just back of length on the leg side, he tries to work it to leg but misjudges the pace;
26.6;2;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 2 runs quicker one towards the leg stump, that's good work from de Silva as he works it towrds square leg and they come back for the second. Makes it five from the over;
26.5;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run bit too full and it's helped down to long-off for an easy single;
26.4;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run slashes at this one outside off, doesn't get the middle and finds cover;
26.3;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run gets a single this time with a drive down the ground to long-off;
26.2;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run pretty full and wide outside off, he drives it back to Zampa with minimal footwork;
26.1;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run just outside off, pushed into the covers for a quick single;
25.6;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run full and wide, just inside the wide line and it's left alone;
25.5;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run some seam movement towards middle from leg, de Silva opens up and defends it to leg;
25.4;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run left alone this time as it pitches well outside off and angles away further;
25.3;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run angles it away outside off again from length, jabbed into the covers by de Silva;
25.2;?;Starc to Dhananjaya, no run fullish outside off with the angle, he drives and an inner edge rolls towards the keeper;
25.1;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run little back of length on the leg side and he works it off the pads to deep square leg;
24.6;4;Zampa to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs nicely flicked over the top and de Silva breaks some shackles with a boundary. He danced down the track and took the ball almost on the full from leg stump, flicking it away with the wrists over midwicket in the wide gap;
24.5;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run pretty straight towards middle and leg, forward press and defends it to leg;
24.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run shorter one and a googly, he rocks back and pulls it to deep square leg;
24.3;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run he lunges forward now and pushes it more convincingly into the covers;
24.2;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run nicely bowled outside off and gets an outside edge - pitched up, draws him forward and gets an edge with the turn;
24.1;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run bit of dip for the flighted ball towards middle and leg, pushed down towards long-on for one;
23.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run a bouncer to end the over around middle and off, Chandimal drops his hands and sways out of the line;
23.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run 140kph, good-length ball on the pads, he tries to flick but doesn't connect;
23.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run too optimistic an appeal from Starc as the ball headed for a wide down the leg side is deflected off the pad before Wade catches it with a dive;
23.3;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run short now and outside off, not much room, he hops on his toes and guides it to point;
23.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run full and wide, Chandimal drives nicely with a knee down but finds cover;
23.2;1w;Starc to Chandimal, 1 wide 140kph, quick and down the leg side for a wide;
23.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run some late movement from the wobbly seam on the leg stump line, Chandimal defends with a thick edge;
22.6;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run outside off now and de Silva helps it into the covers with a push;
22.5;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run that's the quicker one on the stumps and de Silva gets his bat down in time;
22.4;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run stifled appeal from some of the plaers as de Silva takes the ball on the pad first after coming down the track to defend;
22.3;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run nicely flighted outside off, pushed back to Zampa who throws ball right towards the batsman who had to take evasive action. De Silva was well inside the crease, Dar has a word with Zampa;
22.2;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run shorter outside off, he chops it square towards cover point for one;
22.1;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run;
21.6;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run put down? Hazlewood extracts another outside edge, forcing Chandimal on the back foot outside off, and Warner was at gully just for that. Not sure yet if it carried, but his body language says it was a chance. Yes, replays confirm it carried and Warner dropped it;
21.5;1;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, 1 run short and going down leg, he pulls it well and late to try and beat fine leg but Faulkner runs hard and then dives to his left to save three. Applause from Warner and Hazlewood;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run little bit wider now outside off, he hangs back and push it into the covers;
21.3;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run much straighter delivery outside off, easily defends it back this time;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run comes in sharply from a shorter length now outside off, de Silva is beaten and takes it high on the pad;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Dhananjaya, no run offcutter on length just outside off, de Silva blocks it with a straight bat not far from the stumps;
20.6;1;Zampa to Dhananjaya, 1 run similar looking delivery but it turns quite a bit, de Silva goes back to push it back again and gets a thickish edge into the covers;
20.5;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run goes back towards the stumps and defends the striahgter delivery back to the bowler;
20.4;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run presses forward this time to block it back;
20.3;?;Zampa to Dhananjaya, no run he picks the googly which turns in a long way from outisde off and he defends it to leg;
20.2;W;Zampa to Angelo Mathews, OUT loud appeal for lbw and Aleem Dar has raised the finger, it wasn't plumb, and Mathews reviews. It wasn't as flighted, pitched somewhere around leg stump, replays will confirm that, and straightened to beat Mathews' inside edge before hitting him in front of leg. Here comes ball tracking - pitches in line, straightens enough to hit him in line and is hitting the stumps. Mathews has to go, Zampa at it again;Angelo Mathews lbw b Zampa 2 (12m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
20.1;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run low and flighted full toss on off, driven back and Zampa misfields to let the ball pass through his legs. Sloppy work;
19.6;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run much shorter outside off, he hangs back and defends the ball towards point;
19.5;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run a flick from Chandimal now to send the ball from middle stump to deep square leg;
19.4;1;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 1 run on the pads again and Mathews flicks it easily for one more;
19.4;1w;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 1 wide well wide outside the off stump, called a wide as Mathews chases and misses;
19.3;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run pushes the back of length ball square with sift hands and sets off for the quick single, Bailey picks the ball and has a shy at the bowler's stumps but misses. That would have been close!;
19.2;1;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 1 run gets a freebie on the pads first ball, helps it along to fine leg to get off the mark;
19.1;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run drives uppishly and away from the body as Hazlewood pitches it wide, was in the air for a bit before reaching third man;
18.6;W;Zampa to Dilshan, OUT he's gone off a full toss and that's that for Dilshan's ODI career! He came down the track and chipped the low full toss to midwicker where Bailey had to jump a little to catch it over his head. A few handhakes from some of the Australian fielders, a pat from Chandimal and Dilshan immediately takes his helmet off and walks off with his arms aloft for the crowd. A standing ovation from the spectators, emotional scenes there;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Bailey b Zampa 42 (84m 65b 5x4 0x6) SR: 64.61;
18.5;2;Zampa to Dilshan, 2 runs pretty wide outside off now, Dilshan chases with minimal footwork and gets an inner edge through Wade's legs;
18.4;4;Zampa to Dilshan, FOUR runs touch shorter outside off and Dilshan finds the gap behind square with a sweep against the turn, beating square leg and short fine leg to pick the boundary;
18.3;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run absolutely full now outside off, Chandimal drives it down to long-off;
18.2;1;Zampa to Dilshan, 1 run flatter and shorter outside off, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover;
18.1;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run nicely flighted outisde off with some turn, Dilshan helps it with the turn to point;
17.6;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run errs towards the pads now and Dilshan glances it easily to fine leg to keep strike;
17.5;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run 130kph, looked much quicker as Dilshan stayed back and looked to cut off but the cross-seam delivery beat him with the bounce;
17.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run much tighter to Chandimal now, slightly out side off on back of length, he still has enough room to help it towards third man for one;
17.3;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run bangs it in short just outside off and Dilshan hooks with a pivot off the back foot, to long leg for one;
17.2;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run a delicate late cut this time as Hazlewood goes pretty wide outside off;
17.1;2;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 2 runs back of length and angling in towards off, Chandimal works it behind square nicely for two quick runs;
16.6;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run flighted and full outside off, Dilshan drives it straight to cover;
16.5;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run googly now outside off and Chandimal drives, he didn't pick it, and inside edge goes to the leg side;
16.4;1;Zampa to Dilshan, 1 run pretty full on middle again, Dilshan sweeps it this time to deep midwicket;
16.3;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run pretty full, just like the first delivery, Dilshan pushes it back;
16.2;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run shorter and outside off, Chandimal hangs back to let it turn and punches it to long-off;
16.1;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run tossed up on middle stump, Chandimal pushes it back;
15.6;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run fullish and wide outside off, pushed away towards cover;
15.5;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run back of a length on off, 126 kph. Kept out awkwardly;
15.4;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run connects this time, worked away towards square leg to get one;
15.3;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run strays down leg, Chandimal misses yet another nudge. Bewildering, straight stuff. Off the pad towards point;
15.2;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run nicely played. Quite full and wide outside off, driven down to long-off;
15.1;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run full and straight, wicket to wicket stuff. Worked towards midwicket;
14.6;1;Zampa to Dilshan, 1 run beautiful finish. Flight on middle, but a tad too full. Driven out to long-off, with the spin. Good option;
14.5;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run flat, full, straight. Blocked;
14.4;1;Zampa to Chandimal, 1 run flatter on middle and leg, nudged to midwicket;
14.3;?;Zampa to Chandimal, no run nice stuff. Lots of loop and flight. Driven to cover, with the spin;
14.2;1;Zampa to Dilshan, 1 run shovelled towards midwicket, closed the bat face quite late;
14.1;?;Zampa to Dilshan, no run starts with some flight down leg, wayward. A bit of turn but Dilshan misses his sweep and gets struck on the pad down leg;
13.6;2;Faulkner to Chandimal, 2 runs full and wide outside off, too much width. Chandimal gets on one knee and creams his drive past cover. Fifty partnership for these two;
13.5;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run 127 kph, good length on off, blocked;
13.4;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run good length on middle and leg, worked to deep square leg for a comfortable single;
13.3;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run good length on off, blocked towards the bowler;
13.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run 128 kph, full on middle and leg, driven towards mid-on;
13.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length on off, the ball gets a bit big on him. Played towards the keeper for one;
12.6;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run good length outside off, Chandimal opens the face of the bat to guide towards third man for one;
12.5;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run good length on off, Hastings has been really good so far. Played into the leg side;
12.4;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run back of a length on middle, 134 kph. Chandimal somehow misses another flick. Gets hit in the midriff;
12.3;1;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 run good single. Back of a length outside off, pushed towards point. Both batsmen respond and that means, more often than not, the single is easy;
12.2;2;Hastings to Dilshan, 2 runs too straight and picked off. Dilshan waits for the ball to come him before deflecting it through fine leg, A fantastic dive from Starc to save the boundary;
12.1;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run quite full, quite wide outside off. Chandimal opens the face of the bat to guide one to third man;
11.6;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run another good length delivery just outside off, played into the off side from the back foot;
11.5;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run 128 kph, pace off the ball. Pushed towards cover;
11.4;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run;
11.3;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run played into the off side, angled bat to point;
11.2;4;Faulkner to Dilshan, FOUR runs edged for four. or placed for four? He doesn't care. It's four to Dilshan. Slightly wider outside off, Dilshan wanted to open the face of the bat and find a run to third man, but got a thick edge which flew through the vacant slips;
11.1;2;Faulkner to Dilshan, 2 runs;
10.6;4lb;Hastings to Chandimal, 4 leg byes leg byes. Four of them. Back of a length on off, slower ball. Chandimal gets on top of the bounce but somehow misses his flick. The ball takes the pad, on its way to the third man boundary.;
10.5;1;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 run;
10.4;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run back of a length on off, Chandimal flicks towards fine leg for one;
10.4;1w;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 wide a short loopy bouncer, signalled wide. Tennis ball bounce. Dilshan thinks of pulling but withdraws, rightly so. Would have had to generate his own power;
10.3;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run good length just outside off, keeps a touch low but Dilshan plays it nicely. Watches it onto his bat;
10.2;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run good length on off, played into the leg side from the crease;
10.1;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run yikes! Full and wide outside off, Dilshan walks across, makes it a full length and swings across the line. Misses.;
9.6;?;Faulkner to Chandimal, no run good end. Another tight over. Good length on off, played into the off side;
9.5;1;Faulkner to Dilshan, 1 run close. Good length on off, may have been the slower ball. Dilshan tries to steer towards third man but the ball bounces extra and takes the inside edge, just past the stumps;
9.4;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run too straight but a good delivery with this field. Dilshan works this towards midwicket, another dot;
9.3;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run full on off, this one moves away slightly. Played towards point this time;
9.2;?;Faulkner to Dilshan, no run full and wide outside off, bunted towards mid-on. Wanted to go over the in-field but skewed that;
9.1;1;Faulkner to Chandimal, 1 run good single. Full and straight, inside-edged towards points via the pad. Dilshan responds to Chandimal's question, an easy run;
8.6;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run fullish and wide outside off, tapped into the off side. Another tidy over from hastings;
8.5;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run ugly hoick from Dilshan. Full and straight, Dilshan sees a scoring opportunity and his instinct takes over. Looks to whack the ball through midwicket but inside-edges into this pad;
8.4;1;Hastings to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length delivery on middle and leg, easily nudged away towards fine leg to get one;
8.3;1;Hastings to Dilshan, 1 run good length on off, bunted towards mid-on for a quick single;
8.2;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run overpitched on off, Dilshan tries to beat the ball but mis-times it instead. Finds mid-off;
8.1;?;Hastings to Dilshan, no run 133 kph, quite wide outside off. Dilshan stretches out but leaves;
7.6;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run back of a length on off, Dilshan rides the bounce nicely and works towards square leg;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run good length delivery outside off, 132 kph. Dilshan leaves.;
7.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run back of a length delivery outside off, tapped down towards third man for a run;
7.3;4;Hazlewood to Chandimal, FOUR runs oh yes, shot! Overpitched on off, Chandimal nails his on-drive. Presents the full face of the bat, timing exquisite. Signs of a nice, batting surface;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good length on middle and leg, worked away towards midwicket;
7.1;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run 135 kph, ouch! Back of a length delivery on middle and off, Dilshan is early through his pull and wears the blow, near his ribs. Goes through with the run;
6.6;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run good length outside off, tapped into the off side. Maiden from Hastings, good stuff;
6.5;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run lovely lines these. Just around off, Chandimal comes forward to try and get one to square leg but can't, finds midwicket;
6.4;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run good length outside off, the ball swerving back in. Bat and pad together, a solid block ensues;
6.3;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off, Chandimal comes forward and blocks into the off side;
6.2;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run fullish outside off, brings that line closer to off. Pushed into the off side;
6.1;?;Hastings to Chandimal, no run full and wide outside off gentle loosener, 126 kph. Chandimal is happy to leave those;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run back of a length outside off, some extra bounce. Dilshan flays but misses;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run back of a length and swinging back in. Dilshan inside edges one into his boot;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run good length on off, bunted out towards cover. Loud yelp of "nooo" from Chandi;
5.3;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run strays down leg this time, clipped to deep square leg;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run overpitched outside off, calmly driven towards mid-off;
5.1;4;Hazlewood to Chandimal, FOUR runs runs leaking. Too straight this time and Chandimal whips his flick through midwicket. Another superb shot from Chandmial. Immense power in those wrists;
4.6;1;Starc to Chandimal, 1 run a bit wide outside off, Chandimal slashes his cut down to third man;
4.5;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs another superb stroke and that will be four more. Overpitched on off, Chandimal doesn't plant his front foot forward, instead just pushes his straight drive past mid-off. All timing;
4.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run lovely. Moves this away from Chandimal who has to waft, the away movement takes the ball past the outside edge. Lovely bowling;
4.3;4;Starc to Chandimal, FOUR runs shot! On top of the bounce, makes sure he keeps it down and nails his square cut through point. Another sublime shot;
4.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run good length and close to off, properly behind the line of that to block;
4.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run nice stuff from Starc. Pace in a lovely channel. Good length, just outside off - more towards fifth stump. Chandimal bails out of his leave too late, finds first slip on the bounce off that withdrawing bat;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run good leave. Back of a length outside off, Dilshan thinks of playing but withdraws. Extra bounce. He shadow practices the punch;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Dilshan, FOUR runs overpitched and smashed. Superb batting, counter-attacking. Straight this time and Dilshan times his on-drive well. Beats the diving mid-on fielder.;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 1 run good stuff. Brings the ball back in from a good length outside off. Quelled towards square leg for one.;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run good length, swerving back in. Nudged towards square leg;
3.2;W;Hazlewood to Mendis, OUT got 'im this time. A superb comeback from Hazlewood. Drags his length back this time, close to off. Mendis has to defend, and although the ball doesn't move, it still takes Mendis' outside edge. Carries low to Warner at second slip who dives in front and completes a quality catch. SL in some trouble;Kusal Mendis c Warner b Hazlewood 4 (12m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
3.1;4;Hazlewood to Mendis, FOUR runs oh what a shot. Superb. Class all over. Full delivery on off, a half-volley but Mendis opened his wrists very late to find the gap through cover. Lovely timing too;
2.6;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run 148 kph, getting quicker and quicker. Good length on middle and leg, a bit of extra bounce helps the ball rap Dilshan on the gloves as he tries to nudge into the leg side;
2.5;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run 146 kph, pacey stuff. Full and wide outside off, a Test-match tempter. Dilshan throws his hands at that but hits his drive to cover. Still no swing, despite the wind.;
2.4;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run quite full outside off again, driven but finds mid-off this time;
2.3;4;Starc to Dilshan, FOUR runs four more! Not a bad delivery but Dilshan shuffles across and drags his flick from outside off to the square leg boundary. It was shaped away too.;
2.2;4;Starc to Dilshan, FOUR runs superb shot. Overpitched outside off from Starc, Dilshan strides forward and pushes his straight drive through mid-off. Full face of the bat;
2.1;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run 141 kph, strays down leg. Building up impressive pace. Dilshan misses a whip, but the ball takes the pad. The keeper collects;
1.6;1;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 1 run another thick outside edge from Dilshan. Nice channel around off, one to third man;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run better riposte. Fullish on off, no swing this time. Nudged towards square leg;
1.4;4lb;Hazlewood to Dilshan, 4 leg byes poor delivery. 136 kph, down leg. Easy pickings for Dilshan, but he misses his flick. Clips his pad on the way to the fine leg boundary;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run awkwardly played back. Full on off, the ball moves away late. Dilshan wants to pick a gap through the leg side but there is some away swing. Bunted back to the bowler;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run nicely bowled, full outside off - sixth-stump line. Dilshan is more respectful this time as he pushes towards mid-off;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Dilshan, no run ooh, full and wide outside off, 129 kph but plenty of swing. Dilshan flays at that but misses altogether. Lovely delivery;
0.6;W;Starc to Gunathilaka, OUT bowled. There is Starc's customary first-over wicket. What a delivery again. Fuller than a good length - the ideal length. Gunathilaka is neither forward nor back, so he tentatively pokes at the length. Since there is no swing, the ball carries on towards the inside edge, kisses that edge and rattles into middle stump. Beaten by the length actually of that;Danushka Gunathilaka b Starc 5 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.5;2;Starc to Gunathilaka, 2 runs poor delivery. Drifts on leg and Gunathilaka picks him off with ease towards square leg for a couple. Not swing at all for Starc so far;
0.4;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run beauty. Good length on off, zoning in on that off bail but Dilshan gets some bat on it, a thick outside edge towards third man;
0.3;1;Starc to Gunathilaka, 1 run good run that. Pushed towards mid-on with soft hands and sets off, makes the run with ease;
0.2;?;Starc to Gunathilaka, no run nice comeback. Fullish and wide outside of at 138 kph, not much swing. Gunathilaka leaves;
0.1;2;Starc to Gunathilaka, 2 runs yorker first up to Gunathilaka. On middle and leg, nicely tickled fine towards fine leg, Hazlewood sloppily fumbles to allow the second;

2.29pm Sri Lanka give Dilshan a guard of honour as he comes out, gets a hug from Mathews and waits for his partner. He walks out to bat for the last time in ODI cricket. A punch of gloves with Gunathilaka, a handshake with Warner. Mitch Starc has the ball. A couple of slips in place. Australia need a good start. Here we go.
2.10pm Andrew Fernando tells me it is a sold out game. "Traffic's backed up quite a way near the entrance, so the ground should fill shortly. Very warm and no sign of the Dambulla wind just yet," he adds.
2.00pm Sri Lanka won the toss and chose to bat. A few changes for Australia. Marsh comes in for Smith, Hastings in for Henriques, Hazlewood back for Lyon.
Angelo Mathews: "The wicket looks dry again, we 'd like to put the runs on the board and defend it. All our emotions are on, Dilshan has been a wonderful servant for SL cricket."
David Warner: "We'd have batted as well. Three changes. He's (Smith) going to be missed, looks a nice wicket. Nice and dry again.
Sri Lanka: Gunathilaka, Dilshan, K Mendis, Chandimal, Mathews, K Perera, Dhananjaya de Silva, T Perera, D Perera, Prasanna, Aponso.
1.50pm A beautiful day in Dambulla, hosting day-night cricket for the first time in six years. Bad weather is NOT expected to intervene, great news because this a massive game in the context of the series. Don't see either side wanting to bowl first with the surface expected to get harder to score runs on. Toss not far away.
DanielAlexander: "Amila Aponso is yet to concede a 4 or a 6 in ODIs. 1st ODI : 10 - 1 - 27 - 1, 2nd ODI : 9.2 - 0 - 18- 4 "
cricfan: "Since warner has lead Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL, captaincy is not the challenge for him. The challenge is to improve his own performance!!!"
DanielAlexander: "Batted almost in all batting positions, bowled, superb fielder,kept wickets. Dilshan is a extreme allrounder. #ThankYouDilshan "
1.40pm Here is a little bit on Dilshan from Andrew Fernando: his contributions to SL cricket, Dilshan's best and his ODI numbers from Shiva Jayaraman.
1.30pm Four days ago, Sri Lanka levelled the five-match series 1-1 with a resounding display in Colombo . Since then, it seems the face of the series has changed altogether. Soo much has happened, none bigger than Tillakaratne Dilshan announcing this will be his last ODI, putting to an end a career that has spanned 329 games and 10248 runs. He needs 158 runs or more to overtake Brian Lara and move to 10th on the highest run-getters in ODI cricket.
Also, captain Steven Smith will play no further part in the series after he was rested for the South Africa series. This is what Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews had to say: "Honestly, if it was me, I wouldn't have [left], because it's a tough tour," Mathews said. "You need the captain alongside the playing XI." As a result, David Warner will lead the Australia side in their bid for an ODI series win.
 Innings Start
Dilshan: I think it's the right decision, the way I finished my career. I'm really happy I contributed in all three departments. I'm really happy with my decision. Just like my Test retirement, one morning I woke up, on the 25th, and realised this was the time to go. I discussed it with my wife and other people. There is also no cricket for almost six months after this and it's a good time for giving youngsters a chance. If a youngster can take Sri Lankan cricket forward and score some runs, I'll watch it at home and be happy. When I started in 1999 I was a youngster. Every moment I wanted to do something for the side. If I failed in batting, I wanted to bowl or contribute in some other way. Even today I didn't feel I'm old but I've taken this decision and I'm happy. It's not easy after a 17-year career. I want to thank my wife, she has supported me throughout and I want to especially thank my family members too. Around 2008 the selectors dropped me, not taking me to Australia tour. Then I thought I could do more in the side. I called Mahela, the captain at that time, and said don't pick me as middle-order batsman and pick me as an opener. He said, "ok, so go and open in domestic competition." In the first game I scored 190 and finished 30 or 40 overs in mot matches. Then I went to Pakistan and scored well. Since then I have continued to bat at the top. I'm happy with every decision I took. The Dilscoop I first tried in 2008 in South Africa against Australia because I knew nobody could stand behind the wicketkeeper, it's frustrating for them. I practiced it and then played it in the 2009 World Cup against Watson and I'm happy there's one shot named under me.
Mathews: We were about 20-30 runs short. We have so many bowlers who can bat but we didn't have anyone partnering Chandimal. We could have dragged the game a bit towards 45 overs and build from there but our shot selection was poor. Hats off to our bowlers for bowling like that, they bowled their hearts out. Unfortunately we couldn't win this for Dilshan. He has done great service to Sri Lankan cricket and I'd like to congratulate him for that career.
Bailey is the Man of the Match: We lost a couple of early wickets but fortunately our bowlers had done a good job to restrict them. It was a lightening fast outfield. I'm certainly not stepping into Smith's role and we all need to pull our weight a little bit more. We have to try something different here (sweeps and reverse sweeps), touch wood its going ok.
Warner: It's always good to start on a winning note and go 2-1 up. I think our bowlers bowled really well in the middle overs - Zampa and Hastings. To be brutally honest, we should have won that five wickets down. Our top order hasn't done as well as we would've liked and I also put my hand up for that.
Some felicitation and gifts for Dilshan for his ODI farewell. Fireworks go off at the ground and I shall head off too. That's all from me, Vishal Dikshit, and Nikhil Kalro from this ODI in Dambulla, thanks fo joining us.
10.09pm A really close match in the end with some nervy moments for Australia before they take the 2-1 lead. Dilshan takes a stump and walks off the ground with a disappointed look. He gets handshakes from opponents, from team-mates, a few words and a big smile from Lehmann, and in the end he takes his cap off and waves to the crowd. He goes for a lap around the ground with a stump in his hand, waving to the crowd and bowing to them in parts. He didn't have a bad game after all, 42 runs and a superb diving catch at point.
227, not a stiff target and Australia's middle order was batting sensibly to cruise them past Sri Lanka's total before the wobble conjured up some nervous and scary moments in the end. The chase was mainly lead by the composed head of Bailey, supported by Head and Wade. Had Wade, Bailey and Faulkner not fallen within four overs, they would have won by four or five wickets. Credit to Sri Lanka for fighting right till the end. Aponso, Dilruwana and Prasanna kept going one after another, creating some opportunities but 226 is always tough to defend.
45.6;1;Aponso to Zampa, 1 run in the air, Dilruwan gets his right hand to it with a jump, but can't hold on, Australia win by two wickets! Zampa slashed at the ball when he saw room and the ball was sailing over extra cover where Dilruwan jumped, got his right hand to it, then tried again while fallin down but the ball avoided him completely;
45.5;?;Aponso to Zampa, no run a bit of "no, yes, no" as the ball goes fine on the leg side off the pad. But Hastings doesn't want a run;
45.4;?;Aponso to Zampa, no run fullish again, pushed into the covers again and a dive means no time for a run;
45.3;?;Aponso to Zampa, no run much fuller now and Zampa pushes it to cover more convincingly;
45.2;?;Aponso to Zampa, no run doesn't go back that much now and helps the ball to point;
45.1;4;Aponso to Zampa, FOUR runs he was almost bowled there, the way Smith was bowled by Herath in the Tests while trying to cut off the back foot. But Zampa connects just in time, and, on top of that, gets four behind square;
44.6;W;Dhananjaya to Starc, OUT gone this time, straight to long-on, yes you read that right! One shot after another Starc has been hitting to long-on, and this time he connects well to hand it to Prasanna who had to go a bit to his right. Good catch in the end;Mitchell Starc c Prasanna b de Silva 12 (11m 8b 1x4 1x6) SR: 150;
44.5;4;Dhananjaya to Starc, FOUR runs Starc goes after it again, targets the long-on boundary and the ball lands well short of long-on and then bounces over his head for four!;
44.4;1;Dhananjaya to Hastings, 1 run chipped in the air, just wide of midwicket! Pitched up a little, Hastings clipped it with the turn to leg and in the air, but safely;
44.3;1;Dhananjaya to Starc, 1 run length delivery just outside off, easily pushed down to long-off for one;
44.2;1;Dhananjaya to Hastings, 1 run outside off now, Hastings punches the ball down to long-off for one;
44.1;?;Dhananjaya to Hastings, no run on leg stump on length and he drives the ball back;
43.6;1;Prasanna to Hastings, 1 run drifts the ball towards leg, dipping it almost into the block hole, Hastings digs it out to long-on;
43.5;?;Prasanna to Hastings, no run covers the stumps and defends the ball on middle and leg;
43.4;1;Prasanna to Starc, 1 run not a bit short outside off, Starc goes back to punch it through cover;
43.3;6;Prasanna to Starc, SIX runs there's long-on, but Starc doesn't care! He goes down on a knee and slogs the fullish delivery from well outside off, straight over long-on's head for a clean six!;
43.2;?;Prasanna to Starc, no run Starc covers the stumps to defend but the ball turns sharply into him, hitting the pads;
43.1;1;Prasanna to Hastings, 1 run pretty full just outside off, he digs it out to long-on for one;
42.6;?;Aponso to Starc, no run too full now and Starc flicks that firmly and straight to midwicket;
42.5;?;Aponso to Starc, no run excitement all around as Starc flicks, gets an inside edge onto his front pad and that lands just wide of a diving short leg;
42.4;W;Aponso to Faulkner, OUT oh my, Faulkner has holed out to deep square leg, the crowd comes alive! Where have these people come from? Unnecessary shot from Faulkner, sweeping the length ball against the turn to the leg side and Dilruwan only had to go a bit to his left to take that comfortably, well inside the boundary;James Faulkner c Perera b Aponso 4 (19m 13b 0x4 0x6) SR: 30.76;
42.3;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run pitches it shorter on off, he waits for the turn and then helps it to point;
42.2;1;Aponso to Hastings, 1 run flighted on the off stump, struck down firmly to long-on;
42.1;1;Aponso to Faulkner, 1 run that turn from Aponso squared up Faulkner a bit, he didn't play for enough turn and the leading edge went o point for a quick single;
41.6;W;Prasanna to Bailey, OUT it's gone through, Bailey is bowled! The conventional legspinning delivery with some revs on it, it was flighted on leg sutmp and Bailey leaned forward to defend for the turn, bat in front of middle, but it didn't turn and deflected off the front pad to the stumps instead;George Bailey b Prasanna 70 (142m 99b 5x4 0x6) SR: 70.7;
41.5;2;Prasanna to Bailey, 2 runs pretty flat with minimal turn on off, punched to sweeper cover for two more;
41.4;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run too full around off, driven with the turn straight to cover;
41.3;1;Prasanna to Faulkner, 1 run puts his front foot forward and works the ball to cover point for a quick single;
41.2;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run he pitches it shorter and Bailey rocks on the back foot to punch the ball to deep point;
41.1;2;Prasanna to Bailey, 2 runs outside off and turning away too, Bailey laps it to leg with a sweep;
40.6;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run takes a couple of steps down and pushes the ball to long-off;
40.5;2;Aponso to Bailey, 2 runs on middle stump on length, Bailey has his reverse sweep out and almost finds the gap behind square on the off side. Prasanna, in the deep, runs a long way and dives full length to his left to save two;
40.4;3lb;Aponso to Faulkner, 3 leg byes slides it way too much and this one's gone fine down the leg side, off the front pad for leg byes;
40.3;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run slightly shorter and now Faulkner goes back to defend the slider;
40.2;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run better lenght on off stump, blocked off the front foot now;
40.1;?;Aponso to Faulkner, no run pushes the fullish delivery back to the bowler from off stump;
39.6;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run beaten fair and square! It's that beauty of a legspinner that pitches on length on off, draws the batsman forward and when he defends, the ball changes direction and goes past the outside edge to fool him;
39.5;1;Prasanna to Faulkner, 1 run fullish again and it's driven down easily to long-off;
39.4;?;Prasanna to Faulkner, no run some turn from off-stump line, better length, Faulkner defends on off;
39.3;?;Prasanna to Faulkner, no run too full again outside off, driven to cover;
39.2;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run comes down to take it on the full and pushes the ball to long-on;
39.1;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, too full and Bailey drives that firmly but straight to cover;
38.6;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run out comes the reverse sweep, Bailey doesn't middle it and the keeper and bowler appeal for lbw but it's given as runs;
38.5;?;Perera to Bailey, no run drawn forward, Bailey defends and gets some bat-pad, it falls just wide of short leg!;
38.4;?;Perera to Bailey, no run leg-stump line but no room to hit the ball, pushed back to the bowler;
38.3;1;Perera to Faulkner, 1 run more towards the pads now and Faulkner clips it to deep midwicket for one;
38.2;?;Perera to Faulkner, no run some mix-up there between the batsmen as Faulkner defends into the covers, comes out for a single with hesitation, is then sent back by Bailey and the cover fielder gets a direct hit;
38.2;1w;Perera to Faulkner, 1 wide pretty flat down the leg side for a wide;
38.1;W;Perera to Wade, OUT another stumping appeal and this time the finger has gone up, third umpire not required! Wade tried the sweep yet again but did not connect at all, by the time the ball reached Kusal, Wade was well outside the crease, almost losing balance, with the stretch and Kusal whipped the bails off by the time Wade could drag it back;Matthew Wade st ?MDKJ Perera b MDK Perera 42 (68m 46b 3x4 0x6) SR: 91.3;
37.6;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run straight and quick on middle, tucked towards midwicket and Prasanna chases it to dive and stop it;
37.5;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run if you bowl to Wade on the pads, he'll sweep it away and he shows it how; gets a single;
37.4;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run presses forward to negate the turn and steers the ball towards deep point;
37.3;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run turns it sharply into Wade who goes back to cut but has to adjust to just help it to point;
37.2;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run much fuller now because Bailey came down the track and drove to long-off;
37.1;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run beautifully bowled outside off to draw Bailey forward - nice grip, turn and he beats the outside edge;
36.6;?;Perera to Wade, no run comes forward this time and drives into the covers;
36.5;?;Perera to Wade, no run beaten just around off! Nicely bowled - turn and bounce as Wade went back to push it into the covers but missed the line;
36.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run well outside leg now but Bailey reverse sweeps it to deep point now, one more;
36.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flat and quick on the leg stump, Bailey goes back and tucks the ball to square leg;
36.2;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs on Bailey's leg stump now, he unleashes the sweep too and gets two;
36.1;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run pitched outside off, maybe turning away too, but Wade sweeps it behind square;
35.6;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run flicks the ball to deep midwicket with the turn off the front foot;
35.5;?;Prasanna to Wade, no run slightly slower on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
35.4;?;Prasanna to Wade, no run some appeals there, for lbw, for stumping, and they're checking for a stumping now. Wade swept, Wade missed, Wade looked back and saw the bails being dislodged. Kusal collected the ball alright but didn't take the bails off on first attempt, when Wade was probably outside the cresae. When he tried again, Wade's toe seems to have come back a little;
35.3;?;Prasanna to Wade, no run covers his off stump and then blocks the fuller ball on the off side;
35.2;2;Prasanna to Wade, 2 runs there comes the Wade sweep and there comes a direct hit from deep backward square leg, it's gone to the third umpire! Wade swept the ball hard and Gunathilaka did very well to throw the ball flat and hit the stumps, but Wade made it in;
35.1;?;Prasanna to Wade, no run better line this time - right outside off stump and Wade blocks with a forward lean;
35.1;1w;Prasanna to Wade, 1 wide good amount of turn from middle and leg to the leg side, will be a wide though;
34.6;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run another fine paddle sweep to fine leg for one. Nine easy runs for Australia;
34.5;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run yet another reverse sweep to deep point;
34.4;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flat on leg, played away towards square leg;
34.3;3;Perera to Wade, 3 runs shortish and wide outside off, Wade slices his cut to deep backward point. Bailey rushes back for three, lovely running;
34.2;4;Perera to Wade, FOUR runs misses leg stump by not a lot. Flat on middle, Wade gets down and may have got something. Goes through Kusal's legs too.;
34.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run Wade tries to execute another paddle sweep but missed. Enured he got outside the line;
33.6;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run vicious turn. Tossed up outside off, Bailey leaves;
33.5;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run all happening. The umpire says no, but the leg umpire isn't so sure, he calls for the third umpire. Flat down leg, Bailey missed his reverse sweep. Struck him on the pad. Went out wandering, Kusal was aware, picked up the ball and threw the stumps down but Bailey was back;
33.4;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run loads of air outside off, smeared towards cover;
33.3;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run tossed up on off, pushed away towards cover;
33.2;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run oh beauty. Superb flight, dip and turn. Draws Bailey forward with the flight. And the turn helps the ball spin past Bailey's outside edge. Bailey outdone by a beauty, but ensures he doesn't lift his foot as Kusal was swift in removing the bails;
33.1;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run;
32.6;2lb;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 leg byes a neat nudge to fine leg for more runs. Off the pad in fact for a couple more;
32.5;1;Dhananjaya to Wade, 1 run flat on middle and leg, pushed to mid-on, against the spin for one;
32.4;?;Dhananjaya to Wade, no run nicely tossed up on off, driven back towards the bowler;
32.3;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run flight outside off, Bailey runs down and clips to long-on, another nice stroke;
32.2;1;Dhananjaya to Wade, 1 run tossed up, flight on off, Wade opens up his stance and drives to long-off;
32.1;4;Dhananjaya to Wade, FOUR runs a filthy half-tracker outside off, Wade goes right back and slaps it in front of cover. Four easy runs;
31.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run fullish length on off, blocked;
31.5;4;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, FOUR runs nope, too much width this time. Short and wide outside off, Bailey gets on to pof the bounce and laces his cut past point. Played that late to find the gap, fifty too, quality knock;
31.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run good length outside off, nice channels too. Pushed out towards point;
31.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run good length on off, bunted out towards mid-on;
31.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Wade, 1 run a slower delivery on off, comes back in ever so slightly, just enough to take the inside edge towards fine leg;
31.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run short and wide, too much width and Bailey takes Australia one closer with a slapped punch through cover;
30.6;?;Dhananjaya to Wade, no run tossed up, driven on the up, to cover;
30.5;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run too easy. Flight down leg, calmly worked away towards midwicket;
30.4;1;Dhananjaya to Wade, 1 run flatter and wide outside off, scythed to deep point;
30.3;2;Dhananjaya to Wade, 2 runs short on middle, worked away through square leg. Saw a gap and exploited it, nice;
30.2;1;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 run flat down leg, nudged to deep midwicket;
30.1;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run a big appeal, Bailey looks to sweep but the ball skids on to beat that stroke. Pitched well outside leg;
29.6;1;Dilshan to Bailey, 1 run worked into the leg side for one more, another productive over for Australia;
29.5;?;Dilshan to Bailey, no run another fine paddle sweep towards fine leg;
29.4;1;Dilshan to Wade, 1 run short and wide outside off, plenty of width and slashed to deep point;
29.3;2;Dilshan to Wade, 2 runs yikes, an ugly hoick but there was a gap there. Comes down and smears his slog through midwicket;
29.2;1;Dilshan to Bailey, 1 run down leg to prevent that reverse sweep so Bailey employs the sweep, to fine leg;
29.1;4;Dilshan to Bailey, FOUR runs another reverse sweep, he'll get four for it. Made some room and then helped it along, fine, past third man. Superb;
28.6;?;Dhananjaya to Wade, no run slow through the air outside off, played away into the off side;
28.5;1lb;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 1 leg bye lots of air down leg, Bailey gets down to reverse sweep but misses as the ball hits him on the thigh;
28.4;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run nudged into the leg side;
28.3;2;Dhananjaya to Bailey, 2 runs too short on leg, pulled to square leg. Exceptional running as Bailey comes back for the second;
28.2;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run good fielding. Bailey reverse laps towards third man who gets across and prevents the ball from going through;
28.1;?;Dhananjaya to Bailey, no run drifts down leg, played towards square leg;
27.6;?;Aponso to Wade, no run goes across and sweeps to fine leg but a fielder has been brought up to prevent that run;
27.5;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run runs to the pitch and drives to long-off;
27.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run nice, slow through the air on middle. Blocked by Bailey;
27.3;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run Wade gets low and connects with another fine paddle to fine leg;
27.2;?;Aponso to Wade, no run massive appeal, and Mathews opts to review. Flatm but full delivery on off. Wade gets down and looks to sweep, but misses it because of the length. The ball goes on and hits Wade in front of off. Is enough of that ball hitting off stump? Massive moment in the game. Clearly no bat. An explosion as the bat made contact with the pitch. Hawkeye shows the ball sliding on to miss off stump. So a good call from Aleem Dar.;
27.1;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run flat again, slides on. Bailey comes forward and inside edges his push to square leg;
26.6;2;Perera to Wade, 2 runs chips this towards cover for a couple. Really clever batting from Wade;
26.5;4;Perera to Wade, FOUR runs superb shot. Uses his feet this time, gets to the pitch and creams his flick through midwicket. Made a stroke against the spin look so easy;
26.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run another reverse sweep. Lots of bat on his stroke to deep point to get one;
26.3;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run short and wide, enough width for Wade to scythe to deep point;
26.2;?;Perera to Wade, no run almost the same length that did for Head, but Wade went back and played with a straight bat to cover.;
26.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run uses his feet, runs to the pitch and drives back to the bowler;
25.6;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run another fine paddle sweep to fine leg gets Wade one more. These two ticking along nicely;
25.5;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run uses the feet, comes to the pitch and drives to long-on;
25.4;1;Aponso to Wade, 1 run Wade gets across, gets low and gets one with a deft paddle sweep to fine leg;
25.3;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run loads of flight outside off, scythed to deep cover;
25.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run flight on off, blocked;
25.1;4;Aponso to Bailey, FOUR runs a full toss to start from Aponso, Bailey shapes for a reverse sweep and creams it. Placed beautifully behind point and gets four. Nice shot selection, great execution;
24.6;?;Perera to Wade, no run nice flight on leg, driven to the bowler.;
24.5;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run too straight, worked away to fine leg;
24.4;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flat on middle, Bailey blocks;
24.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flat on leg, Bailey chips his flick to midwicket;
24.2;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run gets down and sweeps this one towards fine leg;
24.1;?;Perera to Wade, no run just short of cover. Flight outside off, draws Wade forward who bunts his drive towards cover.;
23.6;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run overpitched on off, hammered down to long-on for an easy single. Played that nicely;
23.5;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run overpitched on leg, drilled to long-off;
23.4;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run nice loop and flight on middle, blocked;
23.3;1;Prasanna to Wade, 1 run flight outside off, drilled to long-off. Full face of the bat;
23.2;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run flatter and wide outside off, a thick inside edge towards midwicket. Mathews scurries across to stop the ball and then fires an accurate throw to the non-strikers end, but Bailey is fine.;
23.1;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off, bailey gives himself some room and hits his drive to cover;
22.6;?;Perera to Wade, no run flat on middle, blocked;
22.5;?;Perera to Wade, no run well bowled. Slow through the air outside off, Wade comes forward and plonks a defensive block;
22.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run ah, a freebie. Flat down leg, Bailey helps himself to one with a sweep;
22.3;1;Perera to Wade, 1 run Wade gets across right away and paddle sweeps to fine leg for one. Clever shot. Got outside the line;
22.2;W;Perera to Head, OUT bowled this time. A wrong shot. And he will not be happy with that. Slides on with the arm from outside off, comes back in and Head goes back to cut. A cry of anguish as missed that. Big wicket. Picked the wrong delivery to go back to.;Travis Head b Perera 36 (49m 48b 5x4 0x6) SR: 75;
22.1;?;Perera to Head, no run flatter trajectory outside off, slashed towards cover who prevents the run with a dive;
21.6;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run too full, 78 ks, down leg too, nudged down to fine leg;
21.5;?;Prasanna to Head, no run comes down, smothers the spin and works to midwicket;
21.4;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run 81 ks, slow through the air outside off, pushed out to cover, but opened the face late to find the gap;
21.3;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run tossed up on off, driven to cover with the spin, nice;
21.2;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run gets to the pitch and works the ball to deep midwicket. Played that well;
21.1;?;Prasanna to Head, no run nudged to midwicket;
21.1;1w;Prasanna to Head, 1 wide ooh, great work from slip. Flat down leg, Head misses his sweep. So does the keeper after some vicious spin, but DdS gets around and prevents more wides;
20.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run full again and quite close to off stump, bailey shows it the respect it deserves and blocks;
20.5;1;Perera to Head, 1 run overpitched again, drilled to long-on;
20.4;?;Perera to Head, no run fullish on off, decent line but a tad too full. Hit out to cover;
20.4;1w;Perera to Head, 1 wide slow and wide outside off, too wide and called;
20.3;4;Perera to Head, FOUR runs lovely shot. Picked the length early and then nailed his pull to midwicket for four. Sat up for Head to dispatch with an exquisitely-timed pull;
20.2;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run nicely played. Back of a length on off, Bailey gets on top of the bounce and deflects to third man;
20.1;1;Perera to Head, 1 run poor start. Short and wide outside off, slapped to deep cover;
19.6;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run nice pace, slow through the air. Head comes down and nurdles towards fine leg for a quick single;
19.5;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run flight outside off, drilled to long-off;
19.4;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run nice, full and flat on middle, thick inside edge towards square leg for a run;
19.3;1;Prasanna to Bailey, 1 run too much width outside off, slapped to deep cover;
19.2;?;Prasanna to Bailey, no run lovely stuff, loop and on a fun length. Brings Bailey forward who keeps it out;
19.1;1;Prasanna to Head, 1 run quick but strays down leg, swept away towards fine leg. Nice pace but wrong line;
18.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run flat again on off, Bailey goes right back to play it back to the bowler;
18.5;1;Perera to Head, 1 run air, lots of it, outside off. head closes his bat face too early and gets a leading edge towards cover;
18.4;?;Perera to Head, no run flat, fired in on off. Head goes back and punches back to the bowler;
18.3;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run lovely shot. Brings out the reverse sweep and nails it, finds deep backward point;
18.2;1;Perera to Head, 1 run 86 kph, quick through the air, flat and full. Head brings out nimble footwork to drive to deep cover;
18.1;?;Perera to Head, no run nice drift outside off, flat. Pushed to point, hurried Head for pace;
17.6;?;Dilshan to Bailey, no run the straighter one from off stump, leading edge was in the air for a bit before it landed in the covers. Dilshan has his arms up in excitement but no success;
17.5;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run more towards the pads now and he helps it to midwicket for one;
17.4;?;Dilshan to Head, no run Head uses his feet now and comes down to block the ball back on the full;
17.3;?;Dilshan to Head, no run length delivery on off, no turn and Head blocks it back;
17.2;1;Dilshan to Bailey, 1 run leans forward and pushes the ball towards midwicket for a quick single;
17.1;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run offers some room outside off, Head rocks back and cuts it to sweeper cover for one;
16.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run much fuller now, on off, he defends it back;
16.5;?;Perera to Bailey, no run the slider that angles past Bailey after pitching on off, he was drawn forward to defend but the ball beat him;
16.4;1;Perera to Head, 1 run sweetly timed and driven through the covers with the turn for one;
16.3;?;Perera to Head, no run comes down, Perera pitches it towards leg, Head tries to drive to leg but takes it on the pad;
16.2;?;Perera to Head, no run fullish again on off and Head pushes it back again;
16.1;?;Perera to Head, no run bit of flight on off and Head punches it back;
15.6;?;Dilshan to Bailey, no run slightly straighter and slower, Bailey goes back and defends the ball to leg;
15.5;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run drives this one firmly with a straight bat to long-off;
15.4;4;Dilshan to Head, FOUR runs in the air and wide of backward point for four! Shortish and turning away, Head stayed back and cut it away in the air, wide of the fielder in the gap;
15.3;4;Dilshan to Head, FOUR runs excellent footwork as Head comes down to make it a half-volley and he drives it firmly and straight just past Dilshan for a four!;
15.2;?;Dilshan to Head, no run a forward lean and Head defends it back;
15.1;?;Dilshan to Head, no run takes a couple of steps down and pushes firmly into the off side;
14.6;?;Perera to Bailey, no run turning into the batsman, bat-pad and the ball lobs up but short leg was taken off few deliveries ago;
14.5;?;Perera to Bailey, no run pretty full on middle and leg, driven back towards mid-on;
14.4;4;Perera to Bailey, FOUR runs that's on middle and leg and turning but Bailey reverse-sweeps it so well in the gap that he's picked four! Sent along the ground through extra cover of a RHB;
14.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run turning in a bit from off to middle, presses forward to push it back;
14.2;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs down the leg side this time and he sweeps it pretty fine to get two;
14.1;?;Perera to Bailey, no run nice loop outside off, Bailey leans forward and blocks;
13.6;?;Dilshan to Head, no run Head uses his feet to come down and take the ball on the full, drives it back firmly but it's can't beat a diving Dilshan;
13.5;1;Dilshan to Bailey, 1 run slightly slower on leg stump, works it behind square with soft hands so that he can come back for the second but there's not enough time;
13.4;?;Dilshan to Bailey, no run flat and on length on leg, Bailey helps it to midwicket;
13.3;1;Dilshan to Head, 1 run rocks back this time as he sees room and crunches that to sweeper cover for one;
13.2;?;Dilshan to Head, no run pretty flat outside off, Head defends it back;
13.1;1;Dilshan to Bailey, 1 run on the pads and easily clipped away for one;
12.6;?;Perera to Head, no run pretty quick through the air outside off, Head blocks;
12.5;2;Perera to Head, 2 runs bit too full outside off and it's driven firmly through the covers;
12.4;?;Perera to Head, no run he almost withdrew his bat as the ball turned away a bit but got some bat towards slip;
12.3;4;Perera to Head, FOUR runs comes down the track, takes it on the full and drives it on the on side against the turn and sends it straight enough to beat mid-on;
12.2;?;Perera to Head, no run defends it back solidly to the bowler with a stright bat;
12.1;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run straight on the middle stump and Bailey sweeps it a bit dangerously behind square;
11.6;?;Aponso to Head, no run comes down towards the pitch of the ball on off and drives it down to mid-off;
11.5;?;Aponso to Head, no run presses forward this time and blocks it ner the pitch;
11.4;?;Aponso to Head, no run straighter delivery outside off, quicker too, he defends it back again;
11.3;?;Aponso to Head, no run fuller on off, pushed back to the bowler;
11.2;?;Aponso to Head, no run;
11.1;4;Aponso to Head, FOUR runs edged past first slip for four! Head was drawn forward with that length and the ball didn't turn in enouigh, taking the outside edge. The ball wasn't too far from first slip;
10.6;2;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 2 runs hops on his toes and clips the ball nicely to the leg side wide of deep midwicket for two;
10.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run the slightly slow offcutter from outside off, Bailey waits and defends;
10.4;4;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, FOUR runs absolutely straight down the ground and it's caressed back right along the ground with a straight bat from Bailey, just missing the non-striker's stumps to go for four;
10.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run more towards middle and leg now, he pushes it down to mid-on;
10.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, no run cuts this ball in from outside off, Bailey stays back and defends;
10.1;2;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 2 runs not pulled from the middle of the bat, Bailey takes a couple as the ball lands well wide of midwicket;
9.6;?;Aponso to Head, no run extra bounce this time as Head goes back to play it after the turn but is suprised a bit as it comes up a bit too close to say hello to him;
9.5;?;Aponso to Head, no run bit of a forward lean and he defends it back;
9.4;?;Aponso to Head, no run fullish on the off stump, he pushes it back;
9.3;1;Aponso to Bailey, 1 run comes down the track this time and drives to long-off for one;
9.2;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run tossed up outside off now, he drives with the turn but it angles in and takes the inside edge to leg;
9.1;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run some flight for the length delivery outside off, pushed into the covers;
8.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Head, no run the slower delivery is pretty full outside off, and Head pushes it gently down to mid-off;
8.5;W;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, OUT chipped in the air, taken at mid-off! But is it clean? Shaun Marsh wants to hang around as the third umpire is called in and the soft signal is out. It was a fullish delivery outside off, Marsh chipped it half-heartedly down to mid-off where Chandimal dives forward and takes it. A lot of replays being shown for the third umpire, looks like he has got his fingers just under the ball, it's not 100% clear but I think it's out. And the crowd roars as the umpire raises his finger!;Shaun Marsh c Chandimal b Mathews 1 (20m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
8.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Bailey, 1 run angling in a bit, worked down to mid-on for a quick single;
8.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, 1 run there's an appeal for run out at the keeper's end and Aleem Dar in action again, he signals for the third umpire. Marsh clipped the ball down to mi-on and set off, Bailey responded too and dragged his bat in the way batsmen should to save himself as there was a direct hit;
8.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run much fuller around the off stump, pushed down to mid-off now;
8.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run hardly any room outside off, driven to cover point;
7.6;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run comes down the track this time and takes it on the pad outside leg;
7.5;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run similar delivery with the flight, Bailey pushes it back again;
7.4;?;Aponso to Bailey, no run pretty full on off, pushed back to the bowler;
7.3;W;Aponso to Finch, OUT big big appeal from Aponso, Aleem Dar raises the finger, Finch has a short chat and walks off without reviewing it. This was looped towards the stumps and Finch tried to defend by covering them all, maybe he played for the turn but the ball angled in and trapped him right in front. Was it headed a bit too much towards leg though?;Aaron Finch lbw b Aponso 30 (32m 29b 3x4 1x6) SR: 103.44;
7.2;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs he's picked the gap with a sweep and he laps it from just outside off to the deep backward boundary for four!;
7.1;?;Aponso to Finch, no run some flight on the off stump, defended off the front foot;
6.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run now the tight off-stump line and Marsh defends with a straight bat;
6.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run beaten outside off! Some more room but it was the angle that made Marsh chase the delivery outside off, and he poked and missed;
6.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run slightly slower at 110kph outside off, Marsh defends it on the off side;
6.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run not as much room but enough to work it down to long-off for one;
6.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run some room, Finch cuts it right off the middle and the crowd roars as Dilshan dives to his right and saves four!;
6.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run pretty tight outside off, Finch defends it solidly towards mid-on;
5.6;1;Aponso to Finch, 1 run pretty full outside off now and it's driven down to long-off for one;
5.5;?;Aponso to Finch, no run bit too short and wide, powerful cut off the back foot but he finds point;
5.4;?;Aponso to Finch, no run;
5.4;1w;Aponso to Finch, 1 wide bowls outside leg, Finch tries a big sweep and misses, goes through the keeper's legs but de Silva anticipates to run towards leg slip and stops it;
5.3;?;Aponso to Finch, no run much slower through the air, around off, Finch covers his stumps and defends;
5.2;?;Aponso to Finch, no run presses forward this time to block the ball outside off;
5.1;4;Aponso to Finch, FOUR runs that one was headed for the off stump, so no room, but Finch has made some on his own and the ball is sliding in, but he punches it off the back foot and through the covers for four;
4.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, no run length delivery on the off stump, no room, and Marsh pushes it down to mid-off;
4.5;W;Angelo Mathews to Warner, OUT yes, it's him! Dilshan takes a superb diving catch at point and yes, it's Warner who has to go! Looked like a bit of extra bounce outside off as Warner checked his jab but did it with hard hands, the bounce takes a good meat of the bat to fly towards point where Dilshan dives low to his left to get both his hands under the ball;David Warner c Dilshan b Mathews 10 (21m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
4.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run tighter line and length - more towards off stump and Warner defends it into the off side;
4.3;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs punched through extra cover for a four! Bit too short and the angle helps Warner get some more room by the time the ball reaches him and he crunches it past a diving extra cover;
4.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run he's bowling a bit too much towards middle and leg to Finch who is easily putting them away to wards deep square leg. One more;
4.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run just back of length on leg, steered to midwicket and the fielder dives to keep it to one;
3.6;?;Aponso to Finch, no run lbw appeal from Kusal but the straighter delivery had some inside edge before taking the pad;
3.5;?;Aponso to Finch, no run what a beauty! Looped it towards middle stump with flight, drawing Finch forward, and as the bat came forward, the ball turned and bounced past the outside edge and the stumps;
3.4;1;Aponso to Warner, 1 run nice turn to Warner from off stump, he waited for it and got a bit of bat to get a single to short fine leg;
3.3;1;Aponso to Finch, 1 run outside off and this one comes in with the angle, Finch cuts with a bottom edge to cover point for a quick single;
3.2;?;Aponso to Finch, no run makes room again, cuts this shorter delivery towards cover;
3.1;6;Aponso to Finch, SIX runs there's no long-off and Finch makes use of that, six on the first ball! He makes room, gets a flighted delivery on middle stump and lofts it straight down over long-off for six;
2.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run pretty tight around the off stump now, Warner defends it back;
2.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run solid defence down the ground for a length delivery, single to mid-on;
2.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run just a bit of room outside off, back of length delivery and Warner punches it into the covers for one;
2.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run it comes into him again and Finch works it to the midwicket region for one more;
2.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run gets some room outside off and Warner slashes it down to mid-off;
2.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run angles the ball sharply into Finch towards middle stump, he works it to midwicket by closing the face of the bat;
1.6;1;Perera to Finch, 1 run straight delivery and Finch drives it absolutely straight back down the ground for one to long-on to keep strike;
1.5;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run still outside the leg stump and Warner helps it towards midwicket for one;
1.5;1w;Perera to Warner, 1 wide gets the line wrong with a wide down the leg side;
1.4;1;Perera to Finch, 1 run more towards middle and leg now, Finch pushes it down towards long-on with a straight bat;
1.3;?;Perera to Finch, no run much fuller now from Thisara and it's driven straight to cover;
1.2;4;Perera to Finch, FOUR runs that's a back-foot punch Finch has middled and he made it look effortless! Back of length outside off and he had enough room to rock on the back foot and guide it past cover point;
1.1;2;Perera to Finch, 2 runs another inside edge for Finch - tries to drive into the covers but gets the edge towards long leg and comes back for the second quickly;
0.6;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run angles it in this time, pretty full too, and Finch on-drives. Midwicket dives to his left to get a hand and they sneak in a single;
0.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run some away swing for Mathews outside off, Finch drives it gently into the covers;
0.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run tentative start as Finch inside-edges a length ball onto his pads;
0.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run thick outside edge as Warner sticks his bat out for the delivery angling away. Gets a single to third man;
0.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run outside off now and Warner punches it down to mid-on;
0.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run almost a yorker swinging into Warner who loses a bit of balance while pushing the ball down to mid-on;

6.50pm 227 it is for Australia. Not such a stiff target on this pitch which is not turning like Colombo. But they are without Smith so a lot will depend on captain Warner. He walks out with Aaron Finch as Mathews' players take the field. Mathews will open the bowling himself, no slips in place for Warner. Some sight screen issues being sorted as Warner is punching his gloves and Mathews is setting the field animatedly. The keeper is up, and a slip comes in place now. Let's go
aki: "Dilshan will open the bowling" not today
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
3rd ODI (D/N), Dambulla, Aug 28 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
226
227/8
Player of the match is George Bailey, AUS
Australia won by 2 wickets (with 24 balls remaining)
