Data
9.00 pm Have Australia got enough? They looked set for 200 when Khawaja and Finch were going at top speed in the Powerplay but timing became a struggle once the ball got older and the field spread. If there's no dew I think it will be an interesting chase. So much depends on Virat Kohli.
Hardik Pandya reckons the ball is coming on to the bat well, that's interesting.
Tanmay VS: "How many balls did Pandya bowl that weren't length balls or short deliveries?" Almost nothing was full.
Aravindh Shanka: "That was an excellent cameo from Peter Nevill! 10 runs could be a huge difference in sub continent pitches."
Tyler: "I've said for some time that Neville should bat above Faulkner. Despite his reputation as a finisher, the reality is that Faulkner has struggled with the bat since teams figured out not to bowl him short balls he can hit through leg side."
Karan Singh: "Expecting more from Rohit and Dhawan today. They haven't done anything significant till now, and it is their time to rise and shine. Kohli alone cannot finish this one up."
Hypocaust: "That was just the fourth six of Peter "The Finisher" Nevill's T20 career."
Shantanu: "Superb bowling from Nehra, 3 overs in powerplay and 1 in death overs and economy of 5. world class stuff."
Suryakant: "Rohit, as his records against aus are great, he has to come forward and give India a solid start. And I think pitch looks lil slower than an usual Mohali pitch."
Deepesh: "Yuvi's bowling should be subjected to exhaustive research. Just don't know how he gets wickets with those slowest balls. Great skill "
19.6;6;Hardik to Nevill, SIX runs what a finish from Nevill! Where all the power hitters before him have struggled to middle the ball, this touch player clears his front foot and lofts the length ball with the angle into him clean over the deep midwicket boundary to take Australia to 160;
19.5;4;Hardik to Nevill, FOUR runs what a shot to execute first ball! Nevill moves back in his crease and towards the off side to scoop a length ball over short fine leg for four;
19.4;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run a low full toss, Watson drills it to long off to take Australia to 150;
19.3;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs a streaky four! Watson makes room again and then lunges at a full ball outside off, he gets a thick outside edge that goes wide of Dhoni to the third man boundary;
19.2;?;Hardik to Watson, no run Watson backs away towards leg and slashes at a short of a length ball wide outside off, he can't connect. Two dot balls to start the final over;
19.1;W;Hardik to Faulkner, OUT caught at long on! It's a good length ball that does not come on to the bat, Faulkner makes room and slogs, but mis-times the ball straight to Kohli in the deep. Will Australia get to 150?;James Faulkner c Kohli b Pandya 10 (11m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
18.6;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run another low full toss, Watson stays low too and drives hard but the shot is intercepted by a diving Rohit at cover! Superb effort;
18.5;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run Watson clears his front foot and hacks across the line at a good length ball, mis-times it through midwicket;
18.4;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run a low full toss and Faulkner chips it over the bowlers head, long-on runs to his left to field;
18.3;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run a full toss and Watson mis-times the pull off the front foot, 138 kph that was, the ball fell well short of deep midwicket;
18.2;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run spears in the yorker from over the wicket, Faulkner leans forward and digs it out between midwicket and mid-on;
18.1;4;Bumrah to Faulkner, FOUR runs short of a length outside off and Faulkner gets it away, riding the bounce and steering behind point into the empty space on the third man boundary;
15.6;6;Jadeja to Maxwell, SIX runs he's smashed it! Maxwell unfurls the reverse pull, blitzing the full toss far over the cover boundary. Might have been the switch. Will have to see replays. It was the switch-hit.;
15.5;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's Maxwell's first boundary! Gets down on one knee and lofts the ball with the angle into him from around the wicket, slog sweeping to the long leg boundary;
15.4;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run cut off the back foot towards short third man;
15.4;1w;Jadeja to Watson, 1 wide bowled down leg side again to concede another wide, Watson misses the slog sweep;
15.3;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run has Watson been run out backing up too far? Jadeja appeals after Maxwell's fierce drive rebounds off the stumps at the bowler's end towards long on. Jadeja did not get a hand on it;
15.2;1lb;Jadeja to Watson, 1 leg bye Watson leans forward and across and nudges the ball off the pads behind square leg;
15.1;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run closes the face of the bat against the turn and the leading edge goes behind point;
14.6;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run backs away and slogs at a length ball that does not come on to the bat, he's timed it so badly that the ball falls well short of the man at long off;
14.5;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run moves back and across and tucks the ball off the pads for a single;
14.4;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run good length and the ball stops on Maxwell as he pushes towards the bowler, the ball goes past the stumps at the bowler's end for a sngle;
14.3;1;Hardik to Watson, 1 run fuller length this time, Watson goes back and turns the ball off the pads through square leg;
14.2;4;Hardik to Watson, FOUR runs short ball again, Pandya is pounding the middle of this pitch, Watson is ready and waiting on the front foot and he plays a powerful pull to the square leg boundary;
14.2;1w;Hardik to Watson, 1 wide strays down leg side and concedes another wide, a fair number of those today;
14.1;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length outside off, the ball grips the pitch and does not come on to the bat, Maxwell backs away and hits it to long off;
17.6;1;Nehra to Faulkner, 1 run in the blockhole to complete a top over for India! Faulkner can only dig it out on the off side for a single;
17.5;?;Nehra to Faulkner, no run Faulkner moves torwards the off to play the scoop over short fine leg, but Nehra is wise to it and bowls a full and wide ball outside off, beating the bat;
17.4;?;Nehra to Faulkner, no run a slower ball on a good length on leg and middle stump, Faulkner defends with a straight bat to the bowler;
17.3;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run driven firmly to long off, a low full toss, Kohli races to the ball and unleashes a rocket throw to prevent the second;
17.2;1;Nehra to Faulkner, 1 run a skiddy good length delivery on the pads, Faulkner stays in his crease and pushes through midwicket;
17.1;1;Nehra to Watson, 1 run a good length ball angling across the right-hander from over the wicket, Watson stays back and steers to point for a single;
16.6;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run nearly in the blockhole now, a very low full toss, Watson backs away to leg and drives to long off;
16.5;?;Bumrah to Watson, no run slower ball outside off, Watson steers to backward point and wants one, Faulkner says no;
16.4;1;Bumrah to Faulkner, 1 run in the blockhole now, dug out towards mid-on for a single;
16.3;W;Bumrah to Maxwell, OUT bowled him with the slower ball! Maxwell heaved across the line so, so early that he was almost through the shot before the ball arrived. He had backed away towards leg to make a bit of room too. Bumrah clipped the top of off stump.;Glenn Maxwell b Bumrah 31 (32m 28b 1x4 1x6) SR: 110.71;
16.2;?;Bumrah to Maxwell, no run Maxwell tries to switch hit behind point this time but is beaten by Bumrah's slower ball;
16.1;1;Bumrah to Watson, 1 run a full ball as Bumrah returns from over the wicket, Watson drives to long on on the front foot;
13.6;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run a flighted ball dips on Watson on the off stump line, he leans forward to play it but gets an edge towards short third man;
13.5;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run really slow now, 82 kph, Maxwell steps out and flicks the ball through midwicket;
13.4;?;Yuvraj to Maxwell, no run fired in at 104 kph, Maxwell gets hit on the pad;
13.3;?;Yuvraj to Maxwell, no run Maxwell pokes from his crease and gets an outside edge on the off side;
13.2;2;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 2 runs gets on the front foot, down on one knee, and sweeps hard, "Bowler's end!!!" is the yell to the fielder in the deep but Watson makes it back easily;
13.1;?;Yuvraj to Maxwell, no run defends on the front foot towards the leg side, Yuvraj races to his right to field;
13.1;1w;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 wide drifts down legside from around the wicket;
12.6;W;Hardik to Finch, OUT short again, pulls again and this Pandya wins the contest! Finch seemed to be hurried for time as he swung across the line and mis-timed it to Dhawan at deep midwicket, that was taken well inside the boundary;Aaron Finch c Dhawan b Pandya 43 (57m 34b 3x4 2x6) SR: 126.47;
12.5;4;Hardik to Finch, FOUR runs short ball again but this time Finch nails the pull, smashing it in front of deep backward square leg to bring up the 100 for Australia;
12.4;?;Hardik to Finch, no run Finch tries to pull again but fails to make contact;
12.3;2;Hardik to Finch, 2 runs short of a length outside off, Finch drags it to wide long-on, where Kohli fumbles. Maxwell pounces on the mistake and races back for the second. Kohli's throw is good but Maxwell is safe by the time Pandya breaks the stumps;
12.2;?;Hardik to Finch, no run short of a length again and the ball isn't coming on to the bat, Finch pulls but gets beaten on the bottom edge;
12.1;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run swipes at the short of a length ball and cross bats it long off for a single;
11.6;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run the reverse sweep for a single;
11.5;1;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 run punched off the back foot to long on for a single;
11.4;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run 102 kph, faster ball, Maxwell gets down low and sweeps;
11.3;2;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 2 runs a really slow ball on off and middle, Maxwell lofts clean over the bowler's head and Raina makes a great save! He comes running hard from long off and slaps the ball back into play as it was bouncing over the boundary;
11.2;2;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 2 runs gets down on one knee and sweeps to deep square leg for two more;
11.1;1;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 run Finch backs away a long way outside leg, Yuvraj follows him, Finch hits the ball along the ground to long off;
10.6;1;Hardik to Finch, 1 run pushed to long off for a single;
10.5;1;Hardik to Maxwell, 1 run short of a length and that keeps low too, Maxwell stays back and swats behind square;
10.4;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run short of a length around off, played back to the bowler;
10.3;2;Hardik to Maxwell, 2 runs chipped in the air towards deep square leg, Raina's throw from the deep sails over Dhoni's head and concedes an overthrow;
10.2;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run that ball keeps really low from short of a length, Maxwell was shaping to ramp to third man again but then had to jam his bat down on it, the ball hit him near the waist;
10.1;?;Hardik to Maxwell, no run tennis ball bounce for that short of a length ball around off, Maxwell sways away and tries to ramp it over the keeper, he is beaten;
9.6;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run dabbed off the back foot through midwicket for a single. That was Yuvraj's first over in this World T20. Can't say it was uneventful.;
9.5;1;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 run goes back and swats the ball to long on for a single;
9.5;1w;Yuvraj to Finch, 1 wide fires the ball down leg side, Finch misses the sweep;
9.4;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run goes back and tucks the ball off the pads through square leg;
9.3;?;Yuvraj to Maxwell, no run a fast ball at 105 kph! Maxwell tries to slog too hard and misses it;
9.3;2nb;Yuvraj to Finch, (no ball) 1 run driven through covers for a single, Yuvraj has over-stepped, free-hit coming up.;
9.2;1;Yuvraj to Maxwell, 1 run dabbed off the pads through midwicket for a single;
9.1;W;Yuvraj to Smith, OUT and he has struck first ball!!! An incredible turn of events. That is his first ball of the tournament. He fired it in quick from around the wicket and got the ball to bounce a bit away from the right-hander, Smith stayed back and wafted at the ball. Dhoni went up rightaway, but Smith looked unhappy. I'll wait for replays to confirm if there was an edge or not. Smith was beaten on the inside edge as he tried to cut, it doesn't look like there was an obvious edge. Nothing definite on snicko. Smith may be unlucky, but it's difficult to tell.;Steven Smith c ?Dhoni b Yuvraj Singh 2 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
8.6;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run played back to the bowler, sharp fielding again to limit Australia to just the single in the over;
8.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run that's a quick round-arm dart from around the wicket, hits the pad but that was missing leg;
8.4;1;Jadeja to Smith, 1 run slow pace from Jadeja, Smith moves forward and pushes the ball gently towards long on;
8.3;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run pushed off the front foot into the covers;
8.2;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run driven to Jadeja's left and he dives full length to cut off the single;
8.1;?;Jadeja to Smith, no run a flighted delivery into the right-hander, Smith reaches for it on the front foot and plays it back to the bowler;
7.6;1;Ashwin to Smith, 1 run goes deep into his crease to tuck the ball off his pads through square leg;
7.5;W;Ashwin to Warner, OUT stumped! Warner skipped down the track but could not get to the pitch of the delivery, perhaps he came forward too early and Ashwin shortened his length and slowed the pace down too. The ball spun away from the left-hander and beat Warner's helpless prod. Dhoni did the rest;David Warner st ?Dhoni b Ashwin 6 (15m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
7.4;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run goes back and places the ball in front of square leg for one more;
7.3;4;Ashwin to Finch, FOUR runs a superb punchy drive off the back foot, Ashwin dropped short and drifted across the right-hander, Finch went back and towards leg to make room and hit the ball hard through covers;
7.2;1;Ashwin to Warner, 1 run bowls on to Warner's pads and he tucks it towards square leg, Warner's running is intense again but just the single this time;
7.1;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run hit through midwicket from outside leg stump for a single;
7.1;1w;Ashwin to Finch, 1 wide Ashwin returns and once again bowls outside leg stump from around the wicket;
6.6;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run flat and short, Finch goes back and hits the ball to long on;
6.5;?;Jadeja to Finch, no run slides on with the arm from around the wicket, Finch cuts off the back foot and Bumrah makes an awkward stop as the ball spins away from him at point;
6.4;1;Jadeja to Warner, 1 run shorter and flatter ball, Warner stays back and taps the ball towards long on for a single;
6.3;?;Jadeja to Warner, no run punched off the front foot to covers for a single;
6.2;2;Jadeja to Warner, 2 runs Warner presses forward a bit too early but then waits and dabs the ball behind point, Warner races between the wickets, really urgent running to come back for the second;
6.1;1;Jadeja to Finch, 1 run pushed off the front foot to long off for a single;
5.6;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run good length angling into Finch, who closes the face of his bat to turn the ball towards wide mid-on for a single;
5.5;1;Bumrah to Warner, 1 run stays back and tucks the good length ball through midwicket, Bumrah is skidding these balls into Warner, hurrying him;
5.4;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run stays in his crease and pushes at the ball, shorter length this time and the outside edge goes down to third man;
5.3;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run he's nailed the drive again but can't beat mid-off this time, Bumrah has got away with two ordinary balls, still bowling length on this pitch;
5.2;?;Bumrah to Finch, no run over the wicket to the right-hander, a length ball outside off, Finch drives firmly from his crease but can't beat cover;
5.1;1lb;Bumrah to Warner, 1 leg bye an appeal for lbw after Warner is hit on the pad by a skiddy ball from around the wicket, that was missing leg, they run a leg bye after the ball goes towards Dhoni's left;
4.6;?;Nehra to Finch, no run a slightly slower one from Nehra to finish, Finch tries to dab it on the leg side but is hit on the thigh, he misjudged the pace. That's the first over without a boundary;
4.5;?;Nehra to Finch, no run good length outside off, Finch stays in his crease and plays the ball to point;
4.4;1;Nehra to Warner, 1 run good length angling in to the left-hander, Warner stays on his crease and pushes towards mid off;
4.3;?;Nehra to Warner, no run cracks his first ball to short cover with a firm drive, can't find the gap;
4.2;W;Nehra to Khawaja, OUT caught behind and the crowd roars for the first time in this game! Khawaja drove hard at a good length ball that shaped away from him from around off stump and got a thick edge through to Dhoni. India have their first wicket. That ball flew rapidly to the keeper.;Usman Khawaja c ?Dhoni b Nehra 26 (19m 16b 6x4 0x6) SR: 162.5;
4.1;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run nothing is going India's way! Finch jumped back to flick but got a leading edge that lobbed over midwicket, Raina was walking in but then had to stop and rush back ... he could not get to it in time;
3.6;1;Ashwin to Finch, 1 run clipped off the pads behind square for a single. Ashwin has been dismantled in that over;
3.5;2;Ashwin to Finch, 2 runs flicked through square leg and they run hard to come back for the second;
3.5;1w;Ashwin to Finch, 1 wide what is with this line? Extremely wide down leg again, this time Dhoni was wise enough to move early;
3.5;5w;Ashwin to Finch, 5 wide that is so wide outside leg stump, Dhoni has no chance, and short fine leg can't stop it either! Five extras to the total;
3.4;6;Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs this one isn't as beautiful but it's good enough to beat the leaping fielder on the edge of the long-on boundary! Finch gave it everything again, but did not connect as well as the previous one;
3.3;6;Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs massive! Finch moves outside leg and comes forward to slam a full ball far over the long-on boundary, that was hit beautifully;
3.2;?;Ashwin to Finch, no run backs away far outside leg to hit through the off side but mis-times to the bowler;
3.1;1;Ashwin to Khawaja, 1 run a full ball around off stump, Khawaja leans forward and flicks for a single;
2.6;1;Nehra to Khawaja, 1 run tucked off the pads in front off square leg for a single;
2.5;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run good length on off and middle, Khawaja stays on his crease and pushes to mid-on, he sends Finch back;
2.4;4;Nehra to Khawaja, FOUR runs Khawaja is on fire! He steps out of his crease and Nehra follows him with a full ball, trying to cramp him for room, Khawaja flicks and gets an inside edge between the pads that goes past short fine leg for his sixth boundary!;
2.3;1;Nehra to Finch, 1 run closer to off stump this time and Finch bottom edges the cut into the ground through to Dhoni, who doesn't collect cleanly;
2.2;4;Nehra to Finch, FOUR runs Nehra loses his line, spraying it wide outside off from over the wicket, Finch reaches for it and unleashes a mighty cut, the ball was so far outside off that it connected with the toe of the bat but still raced through point;
2.1;?;Nehra to Finch, no run Finch walks down the pitch and slightly towards the off side to whip the ball off his hips but he misses, that passed over leg stump;
1.6;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs amazing over for the Aussies! Khawaja stays back to a short of a length ball and cuts late and deftly past the fielder at short third man. 17 runs off the over;
1.5;?;Bumrah to Khawaja, no run played from the crease to cover point;
1.4;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs three in a row! Bumrah goes around the wicket to change his line but his length is the same - poor. Khawaja stays on his crease and pulls, hitting the ball along the ground behind square leg. Cracking start.;
1.3;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs a length ball again and that disappears too! Khawaja presses forward and lofts the ball wide of the fielder at mid-on;
1.2;4;Bumrah to Khawaja, FOUR runs a length ball on a pretty straight line, Khawaja gets on the front foot and hoists it over the infield at midwicket for his second boundary;
1.1;1;Bumrah to Finch, 1 run risky run to get off the mark! Finch pushes towards mid-on and takes on Pandya rushing in, he misses at the non-striker's end. He might have just made it even with a direct hit;
0.6;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run terrific comeback from Nehra after that first-ball four, the last ball pitches on a good length and seams away, squaring up the left-hander and beating the bat as he tries to defend;
0.5;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run short of a length delivery outside off and that ball keeps rather low, Khawaja tries to cut from his crease but gets beaten on the bottom edge;
0.4;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run cut off the back foot but he can't beat point;
0.3;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run he's properly beaten this time by a superb ball! Nehra slants it into the left-hander from over the wicket, landing on a great length around off sump, the ball seams away sharply and Khawaja is beaten as he poked from his crease;
0.2;?;Nehra to Khawaja, no run Khawaja begins to try and cut it but then checks his shot, let's it pass through to the keeper, Nehra's length was better and his line outside off;
0.1;4;Nehra to Khawaja, FOUR runs too short, and there's no pace on this pitch, it sits up for the left-hander and Khawaja dismisses it to the square leg boundary with a pull along the ground;

The build-up is finally over. Game time. Finch and Khawaja stride out to the middle, where the Indians await after their huddle. Khawaja will take strike. Nehra to open the bowling. Left-arm from over the wicket.
7.24 pm The teams are lining up for the national anthems. Australia will go first. Then India.
I can see a few Aussie fans in the crowd, singing along to Advance Australia Fair.. Hopelessly outnumbered though. The crowd put on their mobile lights as they sing the Indian anthem. Flags a plenty. Dhoni has his game face on - an enviable firm jaw.
7.15 pm Tarun: "Australia's batting is a sheer powerhouse.. Looking at that, i would rather prefer a slow pitch on which through-the-line hitters usually mistime and get out. On a batting track, one has to be bullish towards Australia."
Sushil: "Batting second that is chasing is difficult in this tournament. Only few of close games where chasing team just crossed the line. Ind should restrict Aus below 160 to give themselves a chance of successful chase."
Jiten Surtani: "One statement can make the fans comfortable/uncomfortable ! If your captain, after losing the toss, says that he would have also chosen to do what the opposition will be doing - it does jingle up the nerves a bit"
Aditya: "Big match and I am in a train again! But this time i have a full 3g data pack - Cricinfo commentary team - make it good please, you are my only source of information!!!!" No pressure then.
Taco: "@Aprit, I think Afghanistan's upset will be a major reality check for West Indies. I can see Chris Gayle relishing the chance (in his ultra calm way) to take it to either the Australians or the Indians... I reckon it'll be West Indies in the final. "
MAK: "Does the commentary team go for a tea after the toss. Why the comments stop coming after the toss?" We stretch legs and crack fingers, visit the restroom, make some tea, attend to our fantasy teams and things like that because there's no time for frivolity once it all begins.
Neel Shah: "Samuel Badri, Adam Zampa, Ish Sodhi, Adil Rashid, Imran Tahir --- Leg Spinners are having great time in this tournament. While two of the best leg spinners - Yashir Shah and Amit Mishra have been ignored by their respective teams......Pakistan is already out and I have a fear that it would be telling miss for India as well.....They would miss Amit Mishra today." Yasir Shah's ban for a failed drugs test has just ended, by the way.
Yethin: "Anyone who says India is not the favourite still not just for this match but the whole tourney is just living in hope. Every tourney will have tight games. It's the teams that win the games even when not in top gear that win, as they have an extra gear for the latter matches that matter. With so many class batsman due a score, India will be licking their lips at the next three games."
Toss, 7.00 pm MS Dhoni tosses the coin. Steven Smith calls tails and wins. Australia will bat first. He says he thinks the pitch might slow up later in the day, but he isn't sure. It is the same pitch that was used for the women's game between India and West Indies earlier today.
Australia are unchanged from their match against Pakistan.
Dhoni says he wanted to bat first too. He says it looks like a surface the batsmen will love but it depends on how it holds up through the game.
India's XI is also unchanged from their game against Bangladesh.
BinayakJ: ""Two captains playing against each other now, but within 3 weeks they will be back playing together in the same team in IPL. Cricket is a lovely game.'"
Faisal: "Well well well, interesting choice that from Smith! India are good chasers!!"
6.50 pm We've got Mahela Jayawardene, Ian Chappell and Ajit Agarkar on our Match Day show to analyse this game. It will go live at 7 pm. Watch it here.
And also keep the comments coming in, I'll try and get through as many as possible! Aditya Anchuri: "I want a flat wicket. Turners won't be good for India, Aus have 2 spinners. Ah for the days of old when Mohali had some pace and bounce."
Pavan: "If Australia win this and England Women beat Pakistan Women, both the men's and women's semi finalists would be Aus, Eng, NZ and WI."
Arpit: "With all due respect to NZ's adaptability, England's fearlessness and Windies's flamboyance, I think the winner of today's game would go on to win this worldt20."
Prahlad: "Zampa and Faulkner will be the key for Australia. India can't afford to go after them. Watson is an intelligent bowler. Hazlewood's pace will be an issue for Dhawan and Rohit. So who is left for India to go after?"
Sakib: "It's simply the battle between how Dhoni will utilize Ashwin's four overs and how Aussies will handle these four overs. "
Pomil Proch: "Took a power nap and missed the upset of this WC. Lesson learned. Now I am up and running, even blinking during this gladiator match is not advised."
Chirag Joshi: "Ashwin's bowling in power play will be the key for this match. It will be interesting to see how aussie batsmen tackle him. whether they go on full attack against him or just play him for singles and odd boundaries."
walrus: "As a neutral, India virtually lost the match against Bangladesh, throughout the match with Bangladesh dominating. New Zealand also sent them to the shed very early. A win against Pakistan with ONLY Kohli firing should not mean that the Indians are the favourites here...Backing Australia with their recent form and a pretty good looking line-up."
El Scorchio: "@ Karthik: Home ground advantage nullified? Low, slow, turning pitch. Stadium full of screaming Indian fans... are you sure about that?"
6.40 pm Twenty minutes to the toss in Mohali.
Jiten: "I simply can't understand one thing - Both lost to New Zealand (India lost in a worse fashion), both defeated Pakistan and Bangladesh (Australia won that in a more comfortable manner)... then why does India start as favorites, and not Australia... Let's face it, India were pre-tournament favorites based on their form coming into the tournament - which has not YET been replicated ! "
Drew: "Aussie's should open with Warner and Watson, and have the rest pad up and bat according to the game conditions."
Mark: "Painful as it is for an Englishman to say it, George, I would make Australia favourites because, after a slow start, they seem to be running into some form. India have just been awfully irregular and have the pressure of the crowd and expectations to weigh them down: if the crowd get after them, as they can, it could be the final straw for their chances."
Khaqan Khan: "India should simply bowl first after winning the toss so that Kohli guides the chase and win it for india. Otherwise Aus is capable of chasing anything."
Rahul: "Ashwin will be key for India's win today along with Bhumrah. I reckon batting first after winning toss"
Sundar: "Something beautiful happened in the WI-Afg game. Yes, Afghanistan, won and that in itself is beautiful, but Gayle celebrated and took photos with Afghanistan. Only a West Indian. Gotta love'em."
6.29 pm West Indies Women have defended ten runs in the final over to knock India Women out and qualify for the semi-finals. The decks will now be cleared in Mohali for the Australia-India game. The boundaries will be pushed back, and the majority of the crowd will file in.
Siddhesh: "If Australia beat India today, there will be no Asian team in a contest being held in the subcontinent! Might well be fitting, given how different the conditions have been compared to what was expected."
Jiten Chandaran: "Curator says no dew likely so not sure if India should bat first and try and defend with no dew and hopefully scoreboard pressure on a good batting wicket, or back the batsman to chase down a score. Maybe losing the toss won't be the worst thing, but if India win the toss, I guess MSD would like to field first."
Have you played CricIQ today? Take our Twitter quiz now!
6.17 pm Afghanistan have just beaten West Indies, defending 10 in the final over. West Indies have a good enough net run rate to finish top of Group 1, though, ahead of England and will play their semi-final in Mumbai, against the winner of tonight's game between Australia and India.
Anchal Badariya: "India has played 45% dot deliveries in this world cup as compared to Australia playing only 36%. That could be the difference today. Want India to improve on this front. Go India Go!"
Karthik: "Barring the first match, India's opponents have been playing the second consecutive match at the same venue (i.e. Pak at Eden, Bangladesh at Chinnaswamy and now Oz at Mohali). Given the vastly different nature of pitches across venues, the home advantage for India is vastly neutralized. "
Ganesh Tiwari: "So, nobody will be expecting the pitch like that of Kolkata played between India and Pakistan... Anyway, I am desperately waiting this match from mid-days.. Bring a thrilling contest here."
Tharun Raj: "Is it true that Mohali pitch has been doctored to suit spin???" Nothing confirmed. Australia and India will play on the same pitch that the India and West Indies women are using in Mohali. And there has been nothing extreme about it - just some turn and a little variable bounce. Nothing like Kolkata and maybe not even to Nagpur's degree.
6.05 pm Potential upset alert - Afghanistan might beat West Indies in Nagpur. But West Indies need to score only 101 to seal top spot in Group 1.
Shreyas: "Well. Contradiction to 2011 WC we have already 3 non Asian teams in the semis!! Can steve outsmart Dhoni today? #indvsaus"
6.00 pm Good evening, and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the match that will decide the last semi-finalist of the 2016 World T20. India and Australia are battling for the right to play in Mumbai - where West Indies await - on March 31. Both teams have lost to New Zealand, and beaten Bangladesh and Pakistan, on their journey to this showdown. This match promises tremendous entertainment and here's hoping the cricket lives up to the build-up.
India have played an unchanged XI through this tournament. Australia have used all of their players apart from seamer Andrew Tye. India have beaten Australia in their last five T20Is. Does that make them favourites tonight? Here's Brydon Coverdale's preview of the game.
Australia allrounder Shane Watson had announced his retirement ahead of the match against Pakistan, and in the lead-up to this contest he repeatedly said he was keen to make the most of the "last few games" he has left. He could have just one left, but it also could be three.
There's been a lot of talk and rumour about the pitch being changed for this match, but it's a lot of he-said-she-said at the moment, with nothing confirmed. The women's match between India and West Indies is taking place on the same surface that the men will use, and it has turned a bit and had variable bounce.
 Innings Start
10.58 pm They are still chanting his name in the stands, I can hear fireworks go off outside my window. India are in the semi-finals and will play West Indies, the only team from the subcontinent to make it to the final four. And it is all thanks to Kohli. Did Smith make a mistake giving Kohli the chase? He is a surreal performer when faced with a target.
Paras: "DHONI hitting the winning run CHECK CHECK CHECK"
Kohli is the man of the match: "I would like to thank the crowd, it was unbelieveable, the support helps you push through those tough times. You need challenges in every game, they improve you as a cricketers. I don't know what to say, I am overwhelmed by ? Yuvi had a good partnership and then MS kept me calm ? We have always run well, we have an understanding, that's why you train in the gym, you have those fitness regimes, that paid off today. This innings has to be in my top three, perhaps the top right now because I'm a bit emotional."
Hasan: "Spare a thought for Watson. He bowled superbly today to try prolong his and his teams chances. Sad end to a career." Watson indeed played well today, bowled his heart out. His team-mates were just not good enough against a quite incredible batsman.
Mahela Jayawardene, Ian Chappell and Ajit Agarkar are on our Match Day show to analyse this game. Watch it here.
Aj: "So, Virat made it sure that its Watson's last international T20 match! Ecstatic for Virat, feeling sad for Watson! Both are gems..."
Mounika: "While its great India has won, it is also very worrying that none of the other batsmen are stepping up. But as long as that man Kohli is on the field, no worries"
Aniket: "Excellent Innings from Kohli! Whattt a chase!!! Marvellous, superlative, brilliant!!! No adjectives are enough to describe this innings! A word of thought for Yuvraj, what a fighter he is. stuck in there so that Kohli and Dhoni can take it from there on! N Dhoni does what he does!"
Tariq: "@ Kohli: Its unfair with other teams to have a man of this class playing against you. The guy is a one-man batting lineup. Massive massive respect!!"
Dhoni: "It was a tough score, they got 60 runs in the first six overs ... the middle overs were tough, it was difficult to hit the ball from back of a length, especially against the spinners ... we felt if we run well in the middle overs we had a chance ... It's not the first time I've enjoyed it, he's been playing brilliantly or the last few years, he has kept improving his game, he is very hungry to score runs for the team. the others have to step up now, can't keep relying on him, the others are contributing but we need to step up ... Running is a key aspect in modern cricket, if you can take singles against the best fielders, or make a single into the double, the lesser fielders get under pressure ... more than endurance you need explosive power, because there is ample time for rest."
Smith: "That was a pretty serious innings there, under pressure. He hit it right out of the middle and he's done it for a long time. Virat played an unbelievable knock ... I think 160 was around par, it just took an unbelievable innings to get India over the line."
Reyansh: "From Jason Gillespie: "It's not Chuck Norris quotes anymore........""
Right, I'm breathless. And I'm going to leave you all to soak this in, and I will do the same. We have seen a truly great performance tonight. We had seen one against Pakistan in Kolkata and Mirpur too. Virat Kohli's chases will soon be in danger of being taken for granted. Thank you for all your emails today, and thank you for reading. Good night.
19.1;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs that's the game! Dhoni has finished it with five balls to spare. Kohli sinks to the ground as the low full toss disappears to the wide long-on boundary. What a performance from the man, I can see relief on Kohli's face, he looks exhausted, he has pulled off a jaw-dropping chase. Again.;
18.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs in the slot for the cover drive, full and outside off, that's food and drink for Kohli, he unfurls his favourite shot, that drive and it is too good for every man on the field, he has bossed this chase and how;
18.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run Kohli steps out and swings across the line, beaten by a slower short of a length ball;
18.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli is toying with the bowling and the field, he steps out, to a length ball and lofts on the up flat over extra cover, this is batting of the highest calibre, this game is all but done, or is it? India need a run a ball;
18.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs short ball on leg stump, Kohli is too good to miss out, fine leg is in the circle, Kohli pulls, and beats the fielder in the circle;
18.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, FOUR runs a half volley outside off stump, Kohli stays so balanced, so still in his crease, uses his wrists to open the face of the bat and square drive through point, superb knowledge of where the field is;
18.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, no run the slower ball short of a length outside off, Kohli pulls too early and is beaten;
17.6;2;Faulkner to Dhoni, 2 runs they are running Australia ragged! Dhoni dabs the ball towards mid-on, the fielder has to come in from long on, he has no chance in preventing the second, Dhoni and Kohli sprint sprint sprint;
17.5;1lb;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 leg bye goes wide of the crease and angles the ball into the pads, Kohli tries to play a whippy drive but inside edges into the pad. No inside edge. Leg bye.;
17.4;2;Faulkner to Kohli, 2 runs Warner runs to his right from long on but can't prevent the second, Kohli's wrists are too good, they drive the ball just wide of fielders to convert ones into twos;
17.3;6;Faulkner to Kohli, SIX runs they go berserk as the ball sails over the wide long-off boundary! Kohli steps out of his crease and lofts the short of a length ball through the line, it didn't look like he timed that perfectly but the ball carries over the boundary rider;
17.2;4;Faulkner to Kohli, FOUR runs this is mind-boggling batting, that ball is nearly in the blockhole outside off, there was a bit of width and that;s all Kohli needs, he opens the face of the bat and plays an incredible square drive that beats the diving fielder in the deep;
17.1;4;Faulkner to Kohli, FOUR runs short ball and Kohli meets it on the front foot and pulls in front of deep backward square leg, sensational timing and India are four runs closer;
16.6;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs short of a length with width outside off, Dhoni slashes and gets a thick outside edge to the third man boundary.;
16.5;1lb;Watson to Kohli, 1 leg bye another one in the blockhole, Kohli tries to flick but can't make proper contact, the ball goes to short third man off the pad, Watson appeals but that is missing leg;
16.4;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run superb yorker, Dhoni digs it out on the leg side;
16.3;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run another 50 for Kohli, he gets there by swatting a short ball to deep midwicket, he barely celebrates, did not even raise his bat, he looks super determined and knows the job is far from done;
16.2;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run short of a length and wide outside off, Dhoni cuts hard to deep point, just the single this time because it was hit powerfully;
16.1;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run charges the bowler and ends up yorking himself, Dhoni gets a thick inside edge on to his boot and back towards the bowler;
15.6;2;Hazlewood to Kohli, 2 runs two more, this is incredible running, Kohli steps out and flicks the ball off his toes, he and Dhoni are absolutely steaming between the wickets, #mohalisobig that the Aussies are struggling to keep these to ones;
15.5;2;Hazlewood to Kohli, 2 runs driven to deep cover and there's no problem with the running between the wickets anymore, Dhoni and Kohli race through for two, they are turning it on now;
15.4;4;Hazlewood to Kohli, FOUR runs incredible placement! Kohli steps out to a short of a length ball and whips it with lovely use of his wrists, generating lots of power and piercing the gap between long on and deep midwicket;
15.3;2;Hazlewood to Kohli, 2 runs another fumble in the field, Finch at deep cover this time, Kohli is able to convert his cracking cover drive for a single into two runs;
15.2;2;Hazlewood to Kohli, 2 runs short of a length and straight, Kohli pulls to deep midwicket and takes on Maxwell's arm! He dives desperately to make his crease but the throw from Maxwell was wide of the stumps;
15.1;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run Hazlewood returns and bowls a slower ball on a good length just outside off, a cutter, Kohli charged and tried to hit through cover but missed;
14.6;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run a full ball on off stump, Kohli plays a punchy drive to long off;
14.5;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run steps out of his crease and plays a cracking cut but Coulter-Nile dives to his right at point to save the boundary;
14.4;4;Watson to Dhoni, FOUR runs the slower short ball and Dhoni pulls, and pulls wide enough of Hazlewood on the long leg boundary to get four;
14.3;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run played towards mid-on and they run the first one urgently but Warner rushes in from the deep and prevents the second;
14.2;1;Watson to Dhoni, 1 run steps out of his crease to a short of a length ball and pushes it towards long on for a single;
14.1;?;Watson to Dhoni, no run a full ball on off and middle, Dhoni pushes it back to the bowler;
13.6;W;Faulkner to Yuvraj, OUT a superb catch! Watson is having a great night! The slower short of a length ball stopped on the left-hander outside off stump. Yuvraj pushed hard at the ball and then checked his shot but it was too late. It lobbed in the air towards cover and Watson covered good ground, running back and to his right from extra cover to take a tumbling catch;Yuvraj Singh c Watson b Faulkner 21 (31m 18b 1x4 1x6) SR: 116.66;
13.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run Kohli steps out again and hits the ball towards long off for a single;
13.4;1;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 run short ball, slower too, Yuvraj pulls to wide long on but slips as he completes the first so there's no chance for a second;
13.3;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run not often that you see such a shot from Kohli these days, charges out to a short ball and hacks at it across the line, gets a bottom edge close to leg stump;
13.2;1;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 run steps out of his crease but then checks his shot because he isn't to the pitch of the ball, punches it past the bowler for a single;
13.1;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run Kohli steps out and towards leg to turn a length ball off the pads through square leg;
12.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run bowled wide outside leg stump, Kohli reaches for it and plays through square leg;
12.5;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run cut hard off the back foot but to the fielder at point;
12.4;1lb;Zampa to Yuvraj, 1 leg bye another short ball, but Yuvraj misses the pull and gets hit on the pads right in front of the stumps, but I think it pitched outside leg so that can't be lbw;
12.3;6;Zampa to Yuvraj, SIX runs a loose, friendly full toss and Yuvraj puts it into the stands at cow corner, just stood in his crease and smacked it cleanly;
12.2;?;Zampa to Yuvraj, no run the googly does not come on to the bat and Yuvraj can't beat point with the cut;
12.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run nudged off the front foot through midwicket, Yuvraj says no to the second again;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run driven to long on to make it 12 runs off the over;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run pushed gently through midwicket for one more;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run played on the off side for a single;
11.3;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs pushed into the huge gap at midwicket and this time they are charging back for the second, Maxwell does the fielding himself and fires the throw towards the non-striker's stumps but Yuvraj is safe;
11.2;6;Maxwell to Kohli, SIX runs that's it, yells an Australian player, as Kohli seems to have mis-timed the loft to long-off. He was off balance and the bat turned as he made contact, but the timing was still good enough to clear the fielder on the boundary. Just. Incredible.;
11.1;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run a short ball outside off, driven gently to long off for a single;
10.6;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run hits the drive hard and straight towards the bowler, Zampa does well to get his body behind the shot;
10.5;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run Kohli cuts off the back foot but can't beat point;
10.4;1;Zampa to Yuvraj, 1 run gets forward and pushes towards long on for one more;
10.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run pushed down the ground for a single;
10.2;1;Zampa to Yuvraj, 1 run played behind square leg for a single;
10.1;?;Zampa to Yuvraj, no run the googly and there's an appeal for a stumping! Yuvraj poked from his crease at a ball that ripped past the outside edge. His back foot was grounded behind the crease, but then it lifted, and while it was in the air Nevill began to move his gloves towards the stumps but then stopped, and when he did take off the bails the foot was back down. Nevill's missed a trick here, Dhoni would have had the batsman;
9.6;2;Maxwell to Kohli, 2 runs driven to wide long-on and will they run a second this time? Warner fumbles and so it's an easy second but Kohli now wants a third but Yuvraj says no;
9.5;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run played off the pads through midwicket for a single;
9.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run leans forward and drives the ball towards wide long-on, Virat wants the second but Yuvraj says no, his leg may not be good enough for hard-run runs yet;
9.3;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run played back to the bowler;
9.2;1;Maxwell to Yuvraj, 1 run he isn't hobbling anymore, is Yuvraj. He dabs the quick and flat ball behind point for a single;
9.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run Kohli goes right back into his crease and hits the ball smoothly through midwicket;
8.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run flicked off the pads to deep square leg for a single;
8.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run a good length ball on middle and leg, Yuvraj tucks the ball behind square leg and he is hobbling again, it's a real struggle for him to run, shouldn't he go off?;
8.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, no run short of a length angling into the left-hander from around the wicket, Yuvraj jumps up and defends;
8.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run there's that cover drive from Kohli, gets forward and punches the ball through the line, timing it superbly, they could have run two but Yuvraj's leg isn't in good shape;
8.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 wide good length but the line is down leg side, that's a wide;
8.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run tucked off the hips to fine leg and Yuvraj hobbles in pain as he begins to run. What's happened there? It's his left leg and he was hopping through to complete the run. The physio comes on to take a look at what's wrong. Yuvraj had jumped back to glance the ball off his hips and as his left foot landed it twisted as he set off for a run;
8.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, FOUR runs edged but wide of first slip and it beats third man! He wanted to play it to third man but there was a slip in place and it wasn't too wide of him;
7.6;?;Watson to Kohli, no run defended on the front foot, outstanding spell so far from Watto;
7.5;1;Watson to Yuvraj, 1 run moves forward and clips the length ball off the pads through square leg;
7.4;W;Watson to Raina, OUT Watson has two! He is striving to ensure this is not his final game! He bangs the ball in short and it springs up on the batsman, not coming on to the bat smoothly. Raina moves across in his crease to pull but ends up gloving it to Nevill;Suresh Raina c ?Nevill b Watson 10 (9m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
7.3;2;Watson to Raina, 2 runs a full toss on middle stump, Raina moves across in his crease and taps the gently through midwicket, the fielder from the deep has to cover a lot of ground and they have time to come back for two;
7.2;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run Kohli leans forward and across with superb balance in his crease and flicks the fuller ball deftly through square leg;
7.1;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run short of a length and straight, Raina swivels and pulls the ball down through square;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Raina, 1 run steered behind point for a single;
6.5;4;Faulkner to Raina, FOUR runs in the air but it's safe and the ball races to the wide long off boundary! Raina lunged on the front foot and then checked his short because he was early on the short ball, it lobbed just wide of the mid-off fielder;
6.4;2;Faulkner to Raina, 2 runs Raina jumps back and across to a short of a length ball around off and tucks it through square leg, lots of gaps on this vast outfield;
6.3;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run another slow one outside off, Kohli stays back and steers to third man for a single;
6.2;?;Faulkner to Kohli, no run a full and slower ball on middle and off, Kohli leans across and taps it to midwicket;
6.1;?;Faulkner to Kohli, no run that's only his second dot ball, and it pinged off the middle off a front foot punch to cover;
5.6;?;Watson to Raina, no run slower ball on middle, drilled to the left of mid-on, where a surprised Faulkner needs to rush into a dive to stop the ball;
5.5;W;Watson to Rohit Sharma, OUT superb bowling! "Come on," screams Watson and Australia rally around him. He doesn't want this to be the last match of his career. Bowls a fine cutter, and Rohit doesn't help matters by premeditating. Came down the track too early and can't adjust. The ball sticks in the deck a little more, and with Rohit having made room, he is left reaching with a horizontal bat instead of a vertical one. Beats him, and bowls him;Rohit Sharma b Watson 12 (25m 17b 1x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
5.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run goes full, and the angle into Rohit sets up the flick shot, and he is careful to keep it along the ground.;
5.3;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run shortish on leg stump, Kohli has no trouble whipping it off his hips;
5.2;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gets right on top of a shortish delivery on middle and turns it to deep square leg;
5.1;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run keeps back in his crease against a back of a length ball and secures a single to third man. Didn't reach too far from his body there like Australia want him to;
4.6;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length on off stump, blocked;
4.5;1;Hazlewood to Kohli, 1 run a little hesitation - you remember what happens when Kohli runs Rohit out right? - but not this time. Soft hands, back of a length ball slotted into the covers, easy single;
4.4;4;Hazlewood to Kohli, FOUR runs they made him reach, but that time Kohli made enough of a connection to find back-to-back boundaries, this one at third man. Mohali preps a war cry "Kohli, Kohli, Kohli!";
4.3;4;Hazlewood to Kohli, FOUR runs that was on off stump, but a handy little shuffle across puts him right over the ball, and with such balance, all that was needed was a flick of the wrists. Outrageous strokeplay, and yet it looked so smooth;
4.2;?;Hazlewood to Kohli, no run and that area outside off is where Australia pitch the first one. Kohli is forward with an angled bat;
4.1;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gently worked off his pads through square leg;
3.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tucked off the pads through square leg for a single;
3.5;W;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, OUT caught at short fine leg! Coulter-Nile bangs in the heavy bouncer, it rises at pace on Dhawan who hooks but top edges into the air behind the keeper and to short fine leg's left. Khawaja takes a while to settle under the ball but holds the catch safely in the end;Shikhar Dhawan c Khawaja b Coulter-Nile 13 (16m 12b 1x4 1x6) SR: 108.33;
3.4;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run dabbed off the back foot towards backward point;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run the slower cutter smacks Dhawan on the stomach after he pulled too early and missed, that ball gripped the pitch and came to the batsman slowly, Dhawan winces and rubs his side;
3.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this one is a bit slower and Rohit mis-times the pull off the front foot, dragging it towards square leg;
3.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs shot! Pace on the short ball and Rohit uses it, getting on the front foot and pulling flat over the infield at midwicket;
2.6;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run steps out of his crease but has to check his shot towards cover after Hazlewood shortens the length and denies Dhawan the room to attack;
2.5;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run good length on middle and off, Dhawan comes forward and plays towards cover;
2.4;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tip and run on the off side, soft hands pushing the ball towards cover;
2.3;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run dabbed behind point for a single;
2.2;6;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, SIX runs shot! Sails over Maxwell's head at deep square leg! It was a length ball at a faster pace on leg and middle, Dhawan plants his foot forward and swings across the line, great timing and balance on the crease;
2.1;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run good length on middle and off, not coming on to the bat, Dhawan pushes off the front foot to mid off;
2.1;1w;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 wide Hazlewood falls over in his follow through after delivering a short of a length ball down leg side, Dhawan can't connect with the pull;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run Rohit drives on the up with great timing but places it to the point fielder, that ball was length and wide enough for the batsman to free his arms;
1.5;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run there you go, another single, a length ball on the pads and Dhawan clips it through square leg;
1.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run short ball at pace, Rohit gets on tippy-toe and pulls flat and hard towards deep square leg, the ball gets to Maxwell on the first bounce;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short of a length with width outside off stump, Rohit strides forward and lets the ball pass through to the keeper;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run good length again, pitching around off and straightening a touch, Rohit stayed in his crease and defended, was squared up a bit;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run good length pitching outside off and coming into the right-hander, Rohit presses forward and defends solidly;
0.6;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run opens the face and runs a shortish delivery on and around off stump to deep third man;
0.5;?;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, no run puts it full and just outside off, very little swing or seam for Hazlewood, and Rohit drives through the line to short cover;
0.4;1;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, 1 run dabbed into the covers, with soft hands, and with the fielders on the circle worried about the boundary, can't get in early enough;
0.3;?;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, no run Khawaja at mid-on realised he had to get on this right away at mid-on. Another deft push from Dhawan, but he's timed it well again.;
0.2;4;Hazlewood to S Dhawan, FOUR runs well, that's an indicator of how good the new ball comes onto the bat. Dhawan steps forward and greets a good length ball outside off with a simple push and it scurries away to the extra cover boundary;
0.1;1;Hazlewood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run sweet sound off the bat as Rohit gets behind a back of a length ball on middle. Straightforward single to deep midwicket;

The chase is about to begin. The Australians gather on the edge of the boundary, they have 160 to defend. The stadium is packed and filled with optimism, awaiting the players to take the field. Rohit and Dhawan follow the Australians on to the field. One slip in place, Hazlewood has the new ball
Josh Hazlewood with the new ball.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
31st Match, Super 10 Group 2 (D/N), Mohali, Mar 27 2016, World T20
160/6
161/4
Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA
India won by 6 wickets (with 5 balls remaining)
