Data
At the 30 over stage, things were looking rather balanced with the score on 188 for 3. 101 runs have come off the last five overs. 101!! And 10 overs ago we were contemplating if Australia could hold India to 320. Rohit Sharma has played one of the legendary innings. He says that this is a small ground and it's easier to hit and he just took his chances. Rohit became the third batsman in the world to cross the 200-mark in ODIs, became the record-holder for most sixes in a match, crossed 1000 runs this year, crossed 3000 runs in his career and no one would have complained off the noise that this Diwali cracker created in the ground. Some of those hits were monstrous. Dhoni played his part too and brought out the helicopter to send the ball flying out of the ground. This was, if i may say, some spectacle and that comes after watching two high-scoring chases...
Australia have some tasks in their hands, but in this series, you never know what's a good score... Watson, I don't know if he is going to bat, highly unlikely.... . Vishal Dixit will take over at the start of the next session..I need to find a masseur.
charles: "Following commentary sitting in Kandahar Base with fellow Aussie stationed here. He just wore Indian jersey for losing the match already."
Hassan: "6-4-6-4-0-6-0-2-4-6-4-2-1-0-0-4-6-6-4-w-6-6 ........ ! am I watching international cricket are stick cricket."
Humayun: "That was Pakistan's score last night, 209. Well played Rohit"
Akki: "Why did Australia bowl with 5 Ishants???"
Melvin: "This is the fastest 200 runs record which you have missed out to note down and the other fact is Sachin Tendulkar had already said that only Rohit or Virat can break his records plus Dhoni is the Captain just because Sachin asked the Board to make him and he proved right. So I believe that Sachin also should be praised for his expertise in the game."
Graham: "I wonder what's going through Henriques' mind right now. He gets credit for catching Sharma on 209, but missed the catch when he was on 120. On the other hand, we've witnessed a truly special innings - so perhaps Henriques knew something we didn't!"
Abu: "At last Dhoni's persistence with Rohit Sharma has paid off !Take that those who were doubting his technique. Take a bow Rohit . What an innings. Sheer hard work. !"
Jake: "As an Australian staying in India, if Australia manages to chase this down, I will wear my Australian cricket shirt through New Delhi all through next week."
Srinivas: "@Jake, truly worth doing it. At the same time bow to the both teams playing some incredible batting. So you may also prefer doing the same even India wins it."
Samuel: "Why don't they let India bat the next 50 overs as well? Isn't that what the groundsmen, the board, the whole country want - watch their team piling up runs for fun regardless the outcome of the match?"
Jacob: "This series has been absolutely awful. Scores almost always in excess of 300, batsmen going to hundreds in 70 balls at will. A good cricket wicket should provide an even contest between bat and ball. If India continue to play on wickets like this, they'll never post more that 300 in tests against England, Australia or South Africa."
Matt: "I know this hasn't been brilliant bowling but is there any point actually having bowlers on pitches like this with rules like this? Pitch is dead straight with even bounce, balls stay hard so they're easier to hit, bats are becoming better so mishits go further. This game is stupidly boring, there is no contest any more."
Gaz: "If this series is anything to go by, in a few years cricket will be like ten-pin bowling: every ball that isn't a strike is a failure... just substitute strike for six... I'm not necessarily saying that this is a bad thing, but imagine the over rates!"
49.6;W;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run, OUT full delivery on the pads and he flicks it to deep square leg and Dhoni calls for a couple, but there is none there.. He is out of the last ball to end the madness that has prevailed in the last few overs..;MS Dhoni run out (sub [MC Henriques]/?Haddin) 62 (73m 38b 7x4 2x6) SR: 163.15;
49.5;4;McKay to Dhoni, FOUR runs short delivery and Dhoni pulls it past the short fine leg fielder, he wasn't in control.. But what the hell.. runs nonetheless;
49.4;4;McKay to Dhoni, FOUR runs he bowls it full outside off and Dhoni chooses violence this time, murders it back over bowlers head and McKay somehow gets out of the way;
49.3;W;McKay to Rohit Sharma, OUT he comes round the wicket and bowls a full delivery on the pads and Rohit flicks it beautifully to fine leg where the fielder takes a forward diving catch. He gets a wink from McKay as he goes back, a wink of appreciation ... Australian fielders congratulate him as he trudges off the pitch..What an innings!!;Rohit Sharma c sub (MC Henriques) b McKay 209 (222m 158b 12x4 16x6) SR: 132.27;
49.2;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs length delivery on the stumps and this one has been flicked over deep midwicket for yet another six, this is mental hitting, this is manic.. McKay is not even reacting anymore as he goes back to the mark;
49.1;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and six more over the covers! Rohit makes a double with a creamed drive off a length delivery, the second 100 has taken only 42 deliveries, such has been the ferocity of the assault.. He punches the air and gets a standing ovation;
48.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, FOUR runs the bowler comes round the wicket but that doesn't make any difference and Dhoni, choosing non-violence this time, pushes it through extra cover to bring his half-century;
48.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run low full toss on the pads and he flicks it easily to deep backward square leg for an easy single;
48.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run from nowhere, he gets beaten by a full and wide delivery as he goes for the drive;
48.3;2;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs another low full toss and he times it to extra cover where the fielder dives to get a hand, that was headed to the boundary too, but Doherty does well;
48.2;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he gets a yorker, fine, but he squeezes it out through point for another boundary;
48.1;6;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs high full toss and this has been clubbed way way over long off, this is just unbelievable hitting and it's not an overstatement, he just takes his front foot out and slaps it over long off, deep into the stands;
47.6;4;Faulkner to Dhoni, FOUR runs he gets a short ball and Dhoni throws his bat at that, his one hand comes off the bat too, but he gets enough to send it to the fine leg boundary;
47.5;6;Faulkner to Dhoni, SIX runs it's the chinook, it's the blackhawk and it has come loaded with ammunition, it has arrived, the length delivery has been helicoptered out of the ground over long on ..;
47.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run and bowls a fullish length on the pads, the batsman flicks it to fine leg for a single;
47.3;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run it was a low full toss on the middle and Dhoni was aiming for the cow corner, but gets an inside edge on to his pads;
47.2;6;Faulkner to Dhoni, SIX runs full and wide outside off, Dhoni bends down and just gets his bat under that, but the ball flies off the wood and over cover and clears the boundary.. .This is some flood and Australia don;t know what has hit them;
47.1;2;Faulkner to Dhoni, 2 runs fuller length delivery on the pads, Dhoni swings his bat and gets an inside edge down to fine leg for yet another boundary;
46.6;6;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs comes out of the pitch and gets under the delivery to send it over long-on again, 26 runs off that over, Rohit is scoring for himself and Virat both here...;
46.5;4;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs and now he sweeps, gets a top-edge that falls in the gap at fine leg. One bounce, two bounce and four...;
46.4;6;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs skips out of the track and sends this full toss so deep over long on that people would stop thinking of Gayle, that is one massive monster hit;
46.3;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run he flights this one and gets it to spin as well, the batsman gets a leading edge towards cover;
46.2;4;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs now Doherty fires it full outside off, but Rohit slices it over backward point for another boundary, the hundred of the partnership comes up...;
46.1;6;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and he hits the 11th - the most sixes by an Indian batsman in an innings - off a length delivery from Doherty, pulling it easily over deep midwicket;
41.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he comes forward and drives it to mid-off for a single;
41.5;6;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs oh that has burst through Moises Henriques fingers and Rohit gets another six! It was short and Rohit pulled it flat and fast to deep square leg, Henriques was readying himself for a simple overhead catch, but it just goes through;
41.4;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run another back of length delivery on the stumps, Dhoni moves across and clips it to fine leg;
41.3;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on the middle stump, Rohit nudges it to midwicket for a single;
41.2;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs another length delivery on off, this time the batsman punches it a bit harder, drives it on the up and the fielder at deep extra cover had no chance;
41.1;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length delivery honing in on off, Rohit comes forward and caresses it to deep extra cover for a couple;
40.6;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run length delivery on off, the batsman can only push it as far as cover;
40.5;2;McKay to Dhoni, 2 runs he takes a couple of steps to dab it towards midwicket for a quick single and a shy at the stumps at non-striker's end allows an overthrow;
40.4;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run and another one, tight length delivery on off stump, Dhoni stays in the crease and pushes it to mid-off;
40.3;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run length delivery on off, the bowler is not really giving any room, Dhoni pushes it straight to point;
40.2;4;McKay to Dhoni, FOUR runs oh this one is on the pads and with the short fine up, it was never a good idea. Dhoni gets some bat on that and it's enough to earn him quatro runs;
40.1;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, Dhoni walks out of the crease but there is no room, he pushes it to cover;
39.6;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, Dhoni hops and works it to deep midwicket for a single;
39.5;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run back of length delivery on the body, Dhoni gets cramped for room and dabs it to midwicket. Rohit charges from the other end and is sent back, but he gets hit on the back by the throw;
39.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and drives it to deep extra cover for a single;
39.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run short delivery and it comes in to the batsman, Rohit was looking to cut it firmly, but the ball bounced extra and came into him, beats the outside edge;
39.2;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs oh beautifully driven over the infield for a one-bounce four, gracefully done and there wasn't much wrong with the delivery;
39.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run angles it in and the batsman pushes it straight to midwicket off the front foot;
38.6;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he stays in the crease and pushes the length delivery down to long on;
38.5;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs well, he makes room and slaps the back of length delivery over cover and into the crowd, not much of a power shot, just a gentle little slap;
38.4;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length delivery on off, slightly slower too, the batsman guides it straight to point;
38.3;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run another tight delivery, Dhoni pushes it to the left of cover and calls for a quick single. The Aussie bowlers are not giving anything away;
38.2;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run another length delivery on a tight line, the batsman punches it to cover, still no runs;
38.1;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run length delivery on the middle stump line, Dhoni pushes it to midwicket;
37.6;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run no room to cut again, the batsman chops it to the keeper;
37.5;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run but Faulkner is keeping it tight on off, the batsman can only push it to the bowler;
37.4;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs length delivery and the batsman just chip it cover extra cover to get to his second hundred of the series, Virat is up clapping for him with a big smile on his face, relief for Rohit too after running out his partner. He punches the air;
37.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run another tight delivery on off, Rohit pushes it to mid-off , still no single;
37.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he gets a full delivery and he drives it beautifully with a classical front foot pose, but he finds the man at cover;
37.1;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run he tries to throw the bat on the length delivery on off targeting the cover area, but he gets a thick outside edge to third man;
36.6;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run he pushes the full delivery straight to midwicket as the crowd keeps buzzing;
36.5;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run short deliver outside off, doesn't rise much but Dhoni comfortably pulls it to deep square leg for a single;
36.4;?;McKay to Dhoni, no run length delivery on off and he has taken some pace off it too, the batsman defends it to cover;
36.3;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run bowled on the pads and Rohit flicks it to deep midwicket for another single;
36.2;1;McKay to Dhoni, 1 run length delivery on off, Dhoni shuffles across and punches it straight down the ground to long on;
36.1;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on off, the batsman gets up on his toes and punches it to long off for a single;
35.6;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run this is a good start from Faulkner, he keeps it just short of length and very straight from round the wicket, Dhoni has no space to nurdle it and he defends it back to the bowler;
35.5;?;Faulkner to Dhoni, no run he gets a back of length delivery and punches it to cover in his own style;
35.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, Rohit comes forward and pushes it to long on for a single;
35.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run again cramps the batsman for room with a back of length delivery, Rohit looks to chop it to third man, but manages to dab it to the right of the wicketkeeper;
35.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman gets up on his toe to defend;
35.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run whoa! this one cuts Rohit in half and goes over the top of middle stump, the keeper and the bowler appeal for a caught behind, but doesn't look like it hit anything;
34.6;1;Finch to Rohit Sharma, 1 run;
34.5;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run fires in one at 101 kph, the batsman punches it down to long on;
34.4;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run this one is better, the batsman defends it to midwicket;
34.3;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run slow, short and filthy delivery, but it's so slow that it messes with Sharma's attempted punch through off;
34.2;?;Finch to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls it really slow and on the stumps, the batsman flicks it straight to midwicket;
34.1;1;Finch to Dhoni, 1 run starts off with a short and flat one which Dhoni thumps to wide long on for only a single;
33.6;1;Faulkner to Dhoni, 1 run he walks across the stumps and easily tucks the length delivery from round the wicket to deep square leg to get off the mark;
33.5;W;Faulkner to Yuvraj, OUT oh this is unbelievable by Haddin and Yuvraj doesn't get any respite! It was a fuller length delivery widish outside off, Yuvraj goes for a loose drive without getting anywhere near the line, gets a thick edge that Haddin plucks off his left hand with a quick reflex dive .. Stunning catch. He turns and hurls the ball in the air;Yuvraj Singh c ?Haddin b Faulkner 12 (20m 14b 0x4 1x6) SR: 85.71;
33.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on off and middle and the batsman stays on the back foot to nudge it to midwicket for a single;
33.3;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs he fires it full on off and Rohit flicks it with the angle to deep midwicket;
33.2;1;Faulkner to Yuvraj, 1 run another back of length delivery outside off, Yuvraj stays on the back foot and guides it down to third man;
33.1;?;Faulkner to Yuvraj, no run starts off with a back of length delivery on off, the batsman stays back and wrists it to point;
32.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs short of length outside off, Rohit taps it late and fine past the keeper with soft hands for four;
32.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run back of length ball, Yuvraj pulls it to del midwicket;
32.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, SIX runs short ball, Yuvraj pulls and a top edge has gone for six! He didn't connect it at all, it wasn't timed properly as there wasn't much room and it went high up in the air but all the way over the fine leg boundary;
32.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, no run another bouncer, shorter than the previous delivery and Yuvraj sways out of the line;
32.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 2 runs short ball again, this time Yuvraj pulls it handsomely to the deep midwicket area for two;
32.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, no run bangs it in short to Yuvraj, he ducks in time to avoid it;
31.6;1;Doherty to Yuvraj, 1 run back of length on leg, Yuvraj tucks it to deep fine leg off the back foot;
31.5;?;Doherty to Yuvraj, no run full around off, Yuvraj sends it back towards the bowler;
31.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on off, driven down to long-off for a single;
31.3;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run slower and on length on leg, tapped on the leg side with soft hands;
31.2;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run flatter on off, driven down straight to cover;
31.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run on length on off, Rohit leans forward and defends;
30.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run outside off again, taped down to third man;
30.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run on length towards off, pushed down to mid-off;
30.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Yuvraj, 1 run bangs it in short towards the batsman, who turns it to deep fine leg;
30.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball outside off, runs it down to third man;
30.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short of length on off, Rohit taps it to point;
30.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run short of length just outside off, Rohit defends opening the face of the bat and it misses the outside edge by a whisker;
29.6;?;Doherty to Yuvraj, no run length ball well outside off again and Yuvraj lets it go;
29.5;?;Doherty to Yuvraj, no run on length outside off, Yuvraj piths his foot forward and leaves it;
29.4;?;Doherty to Yuvraj, no run on length on leg, defends it to midwicket;
29.3;W;Doherty to Raina, OUT Doherty gets another left-hander lbw! Pitched it on length on middle, Raina put his right foot forward to defend and there's where the ball hit him, it would have hit the stumps and Raina is unhappy wit the decision for some reason;Suresh Raina lbw b Doherty 28 (40m 30b 2x4 0x6) SR: 93.33;
29.2;2;Doherty to Raina, 2 runs short of length outside off, Raina cuts it late to deep third man;
29.1;?;Doherty to Raina, no run on length on off, tucked to midwicket;
28.6;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run flattish and short of length on off, works it to deep cover;
28.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep cover for one;
28.4;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs take that! Length delivery on the leg stump, Rohit comes out for eh crease and blasts this over deep midwicket now. He's dealing only in sixes now;
28.3;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs he's unleashed after the fifty! Full ball and he launched it wide of long-on for six more;
28.2;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off, pushed towards the left of the bowler;
28.1;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run pitched up on the stumps, defends it back to the bowler;
27.6;2;Doherty to Raina, 2 runs tucked away off the hips square of fine leg for two;
27.5;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on the pads, works it to backward square leg;
27.4;6;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs another full ball, this time towards leg and Rohit leans forward, plays against the spin and sends it over wide long-on for another six;
27.3;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run on length on the stumps, Rohit defends this time;
27.2;6;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs another one goes all the way. Rohit is targeting the spinners. Tossed up on middle and Rohit drove it straight down the ground for a six;
27.1;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run flighted and on leg, Raina sweeps it on leg for one;
26.6;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run on length outside off, Rohit drives again, tho time to cover;
26.5;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, driven to point by Rohit;
26.4;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run length ball outside off, runs it down to third man;
26.3;?;Watson to Raina, no run on length outside off, pushed to cover;
26.2;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs another short one, this time well outside off and Raina taps it with soft hands wide of the keeper fine for a four. No slip in place;
26.1;2;Watson to Raina, 2 runs bouncer from round the wicket, Raina pulls it wide of deep fine leg for two;
25.6;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run full outside off, driven straight to cover;
25.5;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run back of length on off, tucked to the leg side for one;
25.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball on the stumps, pushed to long-on for one;
25.3;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs that's a biggie - it goes al the way. Maxwell pitched it up on off and Rohit danced down the ground to launch it over the long-on boundary. 96 meters from the pitch;
25.2;1;Maxwell to Raina, 1 run on length on middle, Raina comes down and drives it firmly to long-off;
25.1;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on length around off, Rohit tucks it on leg after some turn;
24.6;2;Watson to Raina, 2 runs back of length outside off, Raina turns it towards deep backward square leg and they take two by the time del fine leg gets there;
24.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run outside off, Rohit taps it with soft hands on off behind square for an easy single;
24.4;1;Watson to Raina, 1 run back of length outside off, cut late to third man;
24.3;4;Watson to Raina, FOUR runs that's full outside off and Raina merely pushes it along the ground past mid-on and it goes all the way. Not much follow through in the shot, it was a gently push and the mid-on wasn't too straight;
24.2;?;Watson to Raina, no run length ball outside off, Raina pushes it back;
24.1;?;Watson to Raina, no run short ball outside off and nearly another run-out! Raina slashed it on off and there was a misfield at cover which made Raina come down for a single but Rohit said not straightaway;
23.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Raina, 1 run short ball to Raina around middle, he stays back to guide it to deep fine leg and keeps the strike;
23.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run length ball aimed towards off, Raina defends it back to the bowler;
23.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run coming into the batsman after pitching short and Rohit cuts it to third man off the back foot, that's the fifty for him, took 71 balls for that;
23.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run touch fuller outside off, driven down to mid-off;
23.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length on off, defends it back to the bowler;
23.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Raina, 1 run back of length outside off, cut to third man for one;
22.6;2;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs flighted on length outside off, Rohit chips it over the infield to del cover for two;
22.5;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run on leg as it turned away after pitching, Raina tucked it to short fine leg for a quick single;
22.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length ball outside off, Rohit drives it to deep cover;
22.3;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run full on middle and leg, driven down to long-on;
22.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slightly flighted and full on middle, driven down easily by Rohit;
22.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run on length on middle and leg, pushed to cover by Rohit;
21.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run another short one angled into the batsman from outside off, Raina keeps it down towards midwicket;
21.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run bangs it in short outside off, Raina defends on his toes;
21.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run touch shorter and Raina pokes again, no footwork from Raina and misses the outside edge again;
21.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Raina, no run full and outside off, Raina pokes and misses. That wasn't too far from the outside edge;
21.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length on middle, Rohit stays back and defends towards mid-on for a quick single;
21.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run on length on the stumps, pushed to mid-on;
20.6;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted outside off, Rohit drives it to sweeper cover off the front foot;
20.5;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run on the pads, tucked behind square on the leg side;
20.4;?;Doherty to Raina, no run length ball around off, Raina comes down to defend it;
20.3;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full delivery outside off, driven handsomely to deep cover;
20.2;1;Doherty to Raina, 1 run length ball on off, pushed down to long-on;
20.1;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full on middle and leg, driven down to long-off;
19.6;?;McKay to Raina, no run on length outside off, Raina defends it to point;
19.5;W;McKay to Kohli, OUT Kohli is run out for a duck!! It was a touch fuller as Kohli drove it down towards mid-on and set off for the single. Rohit also started but said no a little too late and by then Kohli was a long way down. The fielder throws it to the keeper and bails are off with Kohli way out of his ground. Australia now have two big wickets in the bag;Virat Kohli run out (Coulter-Nile/?Haddin) 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;?;McKay to Kohli, no run length delivery outside off again, Kohli defends with his head down;
19.3;?;McKay to Kohli, no run on length outside off, Kohli leans forward and defends;
19.2;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length outside off, Rohit cuts it hard to third man;
19.1;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run on length around off, Rohit defends with soft hands;
18.6;W;Doherty to S Dhawan, OUT Dhawan's gone! Doherty has struck here. He's not been flighting the ball much and pitched this one around middle from round the wicket and the ball turned into the batsman after pitching. He played across the line and missed it, plumb he was!;Shikhar Dhawan lbw b Doherty 60 (82m 57b 9x4 0x6) SR: 105.26;
18.5;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on length on middle, pushed towards cover for one;
18.4;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run on the stumps, driven back to Doherty who dives to stop the single;
18.3;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run pitched up on off, Dhawan defends with soft hands for a quick single;
18.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up on off, Rohit drives it down to long-off;
18.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run on length on off, pushed towards point;
17.6;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on length on the pads, pushed towards short fine leg for a single;
17.5;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run full on off, defended by Rohit;
17.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run back of length on middle, Dhawan goes back and pushes it to long-on;
17.3;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full on off, defends it back to Maxwell;
17.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run fullish on middle and leg, Dhawan defends it on the leg side;
17.1;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run on length outside off, pushed towards point;
16.6;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run full on off and middle, swept to deep fine leg;
16.5;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on length outside off, driven to sweeper cover for one;
16.4;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run comes down the track to flick a length ball to midwicket;
16.3;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run length ball on leg, defends it to midwicket;
16.2;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run full on the stumps, driven back to Doherty;
16.1;2;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs fullish on off, driven sweetly to deep cover for two;
15.6;2;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 2 runs ends the over with another short and wide ball, Dhawan cuts it to deep backward point and Finch limps while running to cut it to two;
15.5;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run on the stumps, Dhawan blocks it;
15.4;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run slightly shorter on off, cut late to short third man;
15.3;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run on length on off, Dhawan comes down and pushes to cover;
15.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full on the stumps, Dhawan leans forward and defends;
15.1;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short and wide, Dhawan chases it and slashes on the off side. finch is chasing the ball in the deep but he doesn't dive on time and misses it. Brings up the 100 partnership;
14.6;2;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs quicker delivery just outside off, the batsman drives it with an open face, beautifully hit towards deep backward point, but the fielder cuts it off;
14.5;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run stays on the back foot and tickles the quicker delivery on his pads to fine leg for a single;
14.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he comes forward and drives the fuller delivery to long off for a single;
14.3;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run goes on the back foot to punch the quicker delivery to deep cover to bring up yet another half-century.. The machine just doesn't know how to stop;
14.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he comes forward and drives the fuller delivery to long off for a single;
14.1;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run pushes it through on the middle stump, the batsman goes back and punches it straight down to long on;
13.6;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run another good delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to cover for a quick single;
13.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length delivery on off and middle, the batsman drives it to mid-on;
13.5;1w;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 wide he targets the pads, but he pushes it too far down the leg side;
13.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on the off side, Rohit stands up tall on his toes and guides it down to third man;
13.3;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run bowls a shorter delivery on the body, Dhawan pulls it down to fine leg for a single;
13.2;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run back of length and on off stump, the batsman comes forward and defends it towards cover;
13.1;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs the batsman drives the length delivery on the up towards cover where Finch misfields, just fails to get down in time and the ball runs all the way to the boundary;
12.6;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run he comes forward and dabs it to the left of point fielder for a single;
12.5;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run he charges down the pitch, but Doherty fires it short, it's punched back to the bowler;
12.4;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run oh there was a chance of a run out there! the batsman dabbed it to point and took off, but Watson was quick and sends the ball back, only that the throw was not accurate.. Dhawan would have been in trouble there;
12.3;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run he pulls out that flashy sweep shot, Maxwell dives to his right at square leg to prevent a certain boundary;
12.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pushes through on off, the batsman dabs it to the cover and calls for a quick single;
12.1;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up delivery on off, easily punched to wide long on for a single;
11.6;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run length delivery on the middle and leg line, Dhawan clips it with soft hands towards deep midwicket for a single;
11.5;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short delivery on the body and Dhawan goes for a pull, he is not entirely in control of that shot, but ends up finding the boundary fine on the leg side;
11.4;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run an accurate delivery on off stump and the batsman comes forward dabs it to midwicket for a single;
11.3;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run length delivery on on the pads, the batsman pushes it softly towards midwicket for a single;
11.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run he charges down the pitch, but Watson shortens his length to surprise Dhawan, who gets out of the way in time;
11.1;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run back of length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to cover and thinks of a single, but Bailey picks it up and throws down the stumps in one action, then he smiles at the batsman;
10.6;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run back of length and on the pads, easily flicked fine to the fielder in deep for a single;
10.5;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, Rohit stays in the crease and clips it to deep square leg for a single;
10.4;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run length delivery in the channel outside off, the batsman pushes it to cover point;
10.3;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run no room in this back of length delivery, but Dhawan waits for it and opens the face of the bat very late to run it down to third man;
10.2;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery outside off, the batsman cuts it hard to third man for a single;
10.1;4lb;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 4 leg byes and he strays only a touch to the leg side with this short of length delivery, the ball hits the thigh pad and rolls down to the fine leg boundary. Umpire gives it to the batsman;
9.6;2;Watson to S Dhawan, 2 runs length delivery on the pads and Dhawan flicks it fine on the leg side, Faulkner was at deep backward square leg and charges in to cut the boundary;
9.5;1lb;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 leg bye they steal an extra as the ball drops to the leg side after hitting the pads. Rohit was looking to flick it, but had missed it;
9.4;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run he comes forward and pushes it to deep cover with ease for a single;
9.3;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run he bowls this short one on the body and Dhawan wanted to play the pull, but it doesn't bounce as much as he thought it would and he gets a punch on the belly..;
9.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run another delivery on a tight line, the batsman comes forward and punches it to mid-off;
9.1;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run length delivery on the pads, 133 kph, Dhawan wanted to work it to the leg side, but inside edges it on to his pads;
8.6;6;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs and this one is lobbed too, lobbed all the way to the stands over long-off, it's just a beautiful aerial cover drive and the timing gives it all the distance;
8.5;2;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs he comes forwards to the length ball and opens the face a touch to push it in the gap at cover for a couple;
8.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run another aerial push by Rohit as he comes forward to the length delivery and tries to push it towards midwicket, but it lobs towards mid-on and drops safely;
8.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls this short and angling into the body, 132 kph, Rohit wanted to smash it out of the ground with a pull shot, but gets hit on the thigh pad;
8.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he comes forward the a length delivery and punches it on the up to widish mid-off;
8.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he keeps it tight around off stump, the batsman gets up on his toes to defend it towards point;
7.6;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run back of length delivery just outside off, Dhawan stays on the back foot and defends it towards point;
7.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery on off stump, the batsman whips it to backward square leg for a single;
7.4;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run another one beats the bat as Watson pushes it fuller, Rohit wanted to drive, but his front foot was not moving in the line of the ball, plays inside the line;
7.3;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run another length delivery outside off, the batsman defends it to point off the back foot;
7.2;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run another good delivery outside off, 131 kph, bounces a touch extra and Rohit just pulls his bat in in the nick of time;
7.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run keeps it in the channel outside off, the batsman lets it go;
6.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run there is some room on this one, the batsman nudges it to third man to keep the strike;
6.5;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run this is a good line by Faulkner, he bowls short of length on off and gets it to straighten, Rohit is squared up a touch but manages to defend it to point;
6.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run slightly slower this time by Faulkner and on a length, the batsman defends it to point;
6.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run first time a batsman is beaten, it was a short of length delivery outside off, seems like it's coming in, but straightens a touch to beat the bat;
6.2;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he gets room as the ball is angled and it's short as well, the batsman without any trouble cuts it through point for another boundary.. 50 is up;
6.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run better delivery this time, it's straight and on the stumps, slightly short of length and the batman defends it off the back foot;
6.1;1w;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide he bowls it short and he bowls it very wide outside off, the keeper takes it in front of the first slip fielder;
5.6;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs another full delivery on the pads and another super on-drive through midwicket by Dhawan, he is doing it with ease at the moment;
5.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run this time his bat again makes that lovely sound as he slaps the fuller delivery towards point, but it's hit straight to the fielder;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs how does he pick these gaps with such precision! It was a fullish delivery on off, Dhawan comes forward and times it through extra cover with ease;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run this one is straighter and on the off and middle line, Dhawan defends it towards cover;
5.2;4;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, FOUR runs back of length delivery on the pads, that is asking for trouble, Dhawan swats it behind square leg for yet another boundary;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run oh this fuller delivery on the middle stump is beautifully driven down the ground, but the bowler does very well to stop that one while falling on his follow through;
4.6;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls it across the right-hander who lets it go through;
4.5;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run this time he bowls it straight on the stumps, Rohit defends it back to the bowler;
4.4;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he likes the angle this time and cuts the short of length delivery behind point for a boundary;
4.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he plays a check drive this time and lobs it towards mid-off, everyone looks at the ball, which drops well short of the fielder. Faulkner as his hands on his head;
4.2;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he delivers a short of length delivery on the body, Rohit defends it towards point;
4.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run starts off from round the wicket, he bowls a short and wide delivery on off, but the batsman is not able to time his cut, chops it on behind the stumps;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length delivery on off, the batsman comes forward and opens the face to push it to backward point;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run defends this one solidly to the bowler off the back foot;
3.4;2;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 2 runs he gets a massive top-edge as he attempts a pull, the ball goes very high towards deep backward square leg, the fielder from fine leg charges in but cannot make it in time before the ball drops. Dhawan was cramped for room at that one, it was 140 kph;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run bowls back of length delivery on the stumps, Rohit nudges it towards mid-on and calls early for a quick single;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run he comes forward and pushes the full delivery to extra cover;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run he bowls short of length wide outside off, 141 kph, the batsman leaves it alone;
2.6;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this has been delicately cut past the lone slip fielder and the ball looks headed to the boundary, but the third man fielder comes in quickly, swoops the ball in and fires it back quickly;
2.5;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run he gets a full delivery on off stump, Rohit comes forward and defends it towards cover;
2.4;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run now he charges down the pitch and pushes the length delivery on off to deep cover for a single;
2.3;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs again swinging on his pads and that's invitation for trouble by McKay, Dhawan flicks it through square leg for third boundary in a row;
2.2;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs this is Dhawan timing now! He gets a half-volley on the pads and he times it between the midwicket and mid-on fielder, no one moved..;
2.1;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs pushes it wider outside off this time, but Dhawan, instead of going towards cover, goes straight down the ground. Mid-off was a touch wider this time.;
2.1;3w;McKay to S Dhawan, 3 wide he bowls a fuller outswinging delivery again, and like the last over, it swings too far down the leg side, Haddin only gets a hand to it;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls it from wide of the crease and on a length outside off, gets it to straighten but Rohit wasn't playing a shot at that;
1.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run the bowler shortens the length a touch and pushes this one a touch outside off this time, the batsman lets it go;
1.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he decides to attack this delivery and lofts it over mid-on - who is standing closer - , it just clears the fielder and runs away quickly to the boundary;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run he bowls another full delivery, this one shapes in a touch, Rohit defends it towards midwicket off the front foot;
1.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide he pushes it too far down this time, it goes wide down the leg side;
1.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run again, pushes it fuller on off stump line, the batsman doesn't come fully forward as he defends it back to the bowler;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run keeps it full and on off stump, 136.6 kph, some shape on it as well, Rohit comes forward and defends it towards mid-on;
0.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run angled across the left-hander, Dhawan presses forward but then lets it go through;
0.5;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run he keeps it just short of length and around the middle and leg line, the batsman defends it to the off side this time;
0.4;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run he keeps it on the leg stump line and a touch short of length, the batsman defends it solidly to the leg side;
0.3;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run length delivery on the middle and leg line, the batsman defends it towards midwicket;
0.2;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs now he corrects the line and Dhawan pounces on that with a crunching cover drive, but Australia have smartly kept a man at deep cover;
0.2;1w;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 wide another full and swinging delivery, would have been a testing one for a right-hander, but it's a comfortable wide against a left-hander;
0.1;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run starts off with a full and wide swinging delivery, Rohit chased it and sliced it in the air towards third man;

Australia are on the field and so are India's openers, Rohit Sharma is taking strike against Clint McKay. Two slips in place
1.20 pm We are ten minutes away from the start of the game, just enough time to read what Kohli had to say about his golden run.
Ishan Jain: "I am pretty sure Kohli's halloween mask must have been the biggest hit in Australia. He has really taken it away from the visitors."
Punit: "Its a double blow for Australia today..!! No Johnson and no Ishant Sharma... :D"
1.00 pm The sun is shining at the moment in Bangalore, Australia have won the toss and they will bowl. George Bailey expects this match to be no-different from others, he brings in Nathan Coulter-Nile for MJ. Dhoni says he would have fielded first as chasing is easier on this ground. Vinay Kumar comes back in place of Amit Mishra. Dhoni then says the obvious - "the team that will play better cricket... will win." Wonderful piece of insight.
Kamal: "So one game. Ten overs. In a batting friendly pitch. Short boundaries. Against Watson. That's enough to judge how good Mishra is. C'mon MS. When you can persist with Rohit, Mishra deserves few more chances."
Vivek RV: "Dhoni claimed that due to the recent change in feild restrictions, the bowlers are affected. How does this matters if almost 70 sixers scored in just 5 matches? Also, doesn't he know what is happening in PAK vs SA series?" ----- True Vivek, despite the conditions, bowling - especially India's - has been pretty ordinary. Australia have at least bowled in one place.
12.45 pm India team has just finished their game of football. A couple of times, Kohli ran close to the boundary sending the fans close to him in frenzy.. Wasim Akram feels it's a bat-first pitch - true and dry - so no joy for the bowlers and what more, Bangalore is not a big ground either.
Weather update: There is an 80% chance of rain later in the evening, but it's likely to be just a passing shower..
vivek: "I think they should pass some runs to PAK vs SA series. It would maintain the balnace of ODIs. #low_scoring_games"
12.30 pm At the start of the series, it was called the question-mark series not only because of the actual geographical shape the tour was going to follow, but also because of the lack of relevance. After three weeks, the biggest question mark has been put on the state of pitches and the rules that have taken the joy out of bowling. The tour has now moved to Bangalore and things are not likely to be any different, says Sid Monga in his preview. Virat Kohli, who is in some record-breaking form, is playing on his IPL home ground today as India and Australia both look to win the series.
Australia were thought to be a weak team at the start of the series and India were supposed to win this easily, but just like Kohli for India, George Bailey has been in blistering form too. But at this crucial juncture, Mitchell Johnson has left for home to prepare for bigger things. How badly would that affect Australia?
Sai: "For a change I would love to see one of these teams get only 250 on the board and go on to defend it! Oh wait, this is Bengaluru! I guess some other day." ----- Yes Sai, Ravi Shastri has just said that it's another beauty and minimum 300 should be scored.. sigh.
Mitch Johnson: "how happy are Raina and Yuvraj today?" ---- I believe they are relieved. Johnson is the leading wicket taker in the series - he has taken 7 wickets, 5 of which have come against Yuvraj (3) and Raina (2).
Prasanna S: "Mitchell Johnson should have stayed, had he contributed in the final game to help Aussies win, it would have been a huge morale booster for both himself and the team ahead of Ashes."
Danny: "@Prasanna i dont think this series matters half as much to MJ or the cricketing world as the ASHES! i also think that the SA v Pak series is a way better advert for cricket than this! just my 2 cents"
 Innings Start
That's all we have for you all today, it was great to have yo here and we'll look forward to more feedback as India head to Kolkata for the Test against West Indies and Australia will go back home for the Ashes. Till then, it's goodbye from Vishal Dikshit on behalf of Devashish and scorer Binoy George. Ta ta!
9.42pm Dhawan is being mobbed by team-mates, Dhoni uproots the stumps and runs away in celebration, Rohit gets one too as the batsmen's series comes to an end in India's favour. Faulkner was having a word with the umpires after the dismissal, he was clearly unhappy about something. Rohit left everyone in awe, no doubt, but what an effort from James Faulkner. It was his first hundred - domestic or international - and if Australia had more wickets, he would have probably taken them home.
Prabbu Raj Menon: "i cant blame pitches or small grounds ... its purely rubbish bowling by both teams"
harshit srivastava: "faulkner will be the better allrounder for ashes than others."
Time for the presentation:
George Bailey: We went pretty close there but outstanding innings from Rohit. We were probably ahead at one point of time but didn't have enough wickets. Faulkner and Maxwell played excellent cameos. We knew it would be tough they are the No. 1 and it's been a wonderful series. Plenty of positives, the one-day cricket we were playing 18 months wasn't great and we are certainly on track now.
Rohit Sharma is Man of the Match and Series: I didn't really think of the 200 initially. Right from ball one I wanted to stay there. It was a small ground with a fast outfield, we knew it was going to be a big-scoring game keeping the wickets in hand. We always spoke about building small parnterhsips and we had two big ones today. It's been our strength throughout the series so it was heartening to see that. You never know, even 380 wasn't looking comfortable. Credit goes to Dhawan and Virat as well, they played very well throughout the series, we showed real character. I'm enjoying opening at the moment, just want to keep continuing and want to continue fresh. I'm looking forward to the West Indies series now and I didn't know about the 16 sixes record.
MS Dhoni: There was a moment when we were under pressure after losing 2-3 quick wickets. It became a little difficult and we wanted to sore 300 and explode from there. 383 wasn't on our mind but Rohit batted very well. This ground has the reputation for batsmen hitting more sixes than fours, especially when you see Gayle and Virat batting in the IPL. It's difficult to contain the batsmen here. Our Batting has been fantastic, openers have done very well but it would have been good if middle order got a few more runs. Apart form the one game, we scored in each and every game. We have to improve in bowling, something we wanted to do on a team level also. We have chased 350+ twice but nobody talks about the Australian bowling line-up. Fantastic series overall, Australia played very well and the wickets were good. the amount of crowd that came was fantastic.
45.1;W;Shami to Faulkner, OUT full toss gets a wicket and it's all over! It was there to be put away, Faulkner hit it a long way in the air and Dhawan ran to his right from deep midwicket to take a diving catch to finish the match;James Faulkner c Dhawan b Mohammed Shami 116 (107m 73b 11x4 6x6) SR: 158.9;
44.6;W;Jadeja to McKay, OUT beat him! It was on length on off again, McKay came forward to defend but played the wrong line and it just beat the outside edge to hit the off stump. Jadeja breaks the big partnership of 115 on the last ball of his spell;Clint McKay b Jadeja 18 (65m 37b 3x4 0x6) SR: 48.64;
44.5;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run full on off, McKay comes forward to defend;
44.4;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run flat outside leg again, he connects but gets only a single to deep midwicket;
44.3;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run flat ball down leg, he made room to pull it but misses and goes between the batsman and the stumps;
44.2;1;Jadeja to McKay, 1 run full ont he stumps, pushed down to long-on;
44.1;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run pitched it on leg, Faulkner slashes it to deep midwicket for one;
43.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, no run short of length outside off, defends it to cover;
43.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, no run short of length around off, McKay defends it off the back foot;
43.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full on off, driven past the bowler to long-off for one;
43.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, 1 run coming in from outside off, worked to deep square leg for one;
43.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, no run angled into the pads, it's going down leg as the appeal is turned down;
43.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full on off, punched down the ground, it was going for four but Kohli dives to his right from long-off and saves three. Big cheer from the crowd;
42.6;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run flighted on the pads, steered to deep midwicket and he keeps strike again;
42.5;1;Jadeja to McKay, 1 run angled into the batsman, worked on the leg side for one;
42.4;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run short of length outside off, defends it off the back foot to backward point;
42.3;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run full toss outside leg, driven down to long-on for one;
42.2;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run makes room, Jadeja bowls it down leg and he jabs it to cover;
42.1;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run almost yorked as James tries to flick it way, but he's hurt because the ball hit him full on the back foot;
41.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run low full toss, pushed to deep extra cover with the full face of the bat, Faulkner keeps strike;
41.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, no run full and wide, driven to backward point this time;
41.4;6;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, SIX runs and what happens when he's on strike? It's full again, and he sends it high up in the air, it looked like a mis-hit but it's gone all the way. SIX more;
41.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, 1 run fuller outside off, driven down to give strike to Faulkner;
41.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to McKay, no run length ball outside off, McKay leans forward and defends;
41.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Faulkner, 1 run full and outside off, driven along the ground to deep cover;
40.6;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run that's turn form Jadeja and Dhoni has appealed for a stumping. IT was on length outside off, the batsman drove but missed it and Dhoni took the bails off. Replays say its too close but his toe is just back in time;
40.5;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run full on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run quicker one into the stumps, an inside edge onto the pads saves the batsman from bowled or lbw;
40.3;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run flighted on off, blocks on the front foot;
40.2;4;Jadeja to McKay, FOUR runs short and wide, it's another four and who hit it? It's not Faulkner, it's McKay who drive it past cover to send it all the way;
40.1;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run makes room, he bowls it wide down leg and it's pushed down to long-on;
39.6;?;Shami to McKay, no run full and outside off, driven nicely to cover;
39.5;?;Shami to McKay, no run back of length aimed towards off, defends it off the back foot;
39.4;4;Shami to McKay, FOUR runs low full toss outside off, driven through the gap by McKay, he's joining Faulkner in this run-fest. Can Australia do it form here?;
39.3;?;Shami to McKay, no run short ball going down the leg side, McKay ducks but the umpire doesn't call it a wide;
39.2;?;Shami to McKay, no run yorker on off, blocks it back to the bowler;
39.1;1;Shami to Faulkner, 1 run in the block hole on off, pushed down to long-on for one;
38.6;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run on length on off, gets forward and defends;
38.5;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run full on off, defends it back to the bowler;
38.4;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run on length on off, defence off the back foot now;
38.3;4;Jadeja to McKay, FOUR runs short and outside off, pushed past cover into the gap and Dhawan chases but can't get there. A four from McKay now;
38.2;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run full on off, gets forward and pushes to cover;
38.1;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run full on leg, pushed to cover softly and that's a hundred for Faulkner. It's his maiden and the fastest by an Australian. Big applause from the Bangalore crowd. What an effort from a No. 7 batsman;
37.6;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run short of length outside off, jabbed towards point for one to keep the strike;
37.5;2;Vinay to Faulkner, 2 runs full and outside off, driven handsomely through the covers and Kohli dives to his left from long-off to save two;
37.4;6;Vinay to Faulkner, SIX runs fours are not enough, he smacks a six! Short ball on the stumps, its' n the zone for him and it's launched over Jadeja's head at deep midwicket for a six. He jumped but couldn't get there;
37.3;4;Vinay to Faulkner, FOUR runs attempted yorker is also a four! Low full toss on leg stump, flicked away off the pads, Jadeja ran to his right from deep midwicket and a dive can't save the boundary even though he reached there;
37.2;4;Vinay to Faulkner, FOUR runs four more! Full on off and it's driven down the ground beating mid-off to go all the way along the ground;
37.1;4;Vinay to Faulkner, FOUR runs Faulkner charges down, Vinay bangs in a bouncer and he's slapped it between long-on and deep midwicket for four, piercing the gap;
36.6;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run short and flat outside off, worked wide of cover for one;
36.5;1;Ashwin to McKay, 1 run on length on middle, turned past midwicket for another single;
36.4;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run low full toss outside off, slashed back past the bowler to long-off;
36.3;1;Ashwin to McKay, 1 run fuller on off, steered past midwicket and he's off the mark;
36.2;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run round the wicket, on length on off, defends it down to the bowler;
36.1;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run short and flat outside off, steered to deep point for one and a slip comes in;
35.6;?;Vinay to McKay, no run another appeal for lbw as it was going into McKay and the umpire turns it down again. Going down leg and maybe an inside edge too;
35.5;?;Vinay to McKay, no run on length and into the batsman, Vinay appeals for lbw but there's an inside edge into the pads;
35.4;?;Vinay to McKay, no run on length on off, forward defence on the leg side;
35.3;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run almost in the block hole outside off, driven to sweeper cover for one;
35.2;?;Vinay to Faulkner, no run gets a yorker this time, Faulkner blocks it back to Vinay;
35.1;4;Vinay to Faulkner, FOUR runs juicy full toss on off, he puts it away easily past long-on for a boundary served to him on a platter;
34.6;?;Jadeja to McKay, no run flighted on off, McKay comes forward to defend;
34.5;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run fuller on off, forward defence goes on the leg side;
34.4;4;Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR runs short of length outside off, Faulkner stays inside and cuts is square this side, what's the result? Four!;
34.3;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run flighted on the pads, defends off the back foot;
34.2;4;Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR runs shorter and flatter, he charges down and slashes it past a diving cover for four more. He's raced to 65 off 41;
34.1;4;Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR runs on length outside off, Faulkner gets down on one knee and heaves it to the wide long on boundary for six more;
33.6;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run straighter one at 88.5kph outside off, McKay cuts and misses;
33.5;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run short of length outside off, goes back and pushes it to midwicket;
33.4;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run full on off, driven down to long-on for one;
33.4;1w;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 wide flighted and full well outside off, another big wide;
33.3;4;Ashwin to Faulkner, FOUR runs gets room and he drives it away to the deep cover boundary by going over the infield for another boundary;
33.2;2;Ashwin to Faulkner, 2 runs flighted on the legs again, Faulkner turns this one to deep midwicket and they take two by the time Dhawan throws it back;
33.2;1w;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 wide flatter and wider, way outside off and is called wide;
33.1;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run flighted low full toss outside leg, hits him on the back leg outside leg so not out and might have had an inside edge too;
32.6;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run slower and wider, Faulkner waits for it and drives it to sweeper cover to complete his fifty;
32.5;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run outside off on length, cut to short third man;
32.4;6;Jadeja to Faulkner, SIX runs full and closer to off, Faulkner lofts is down the ground over long-on, Rohit is running to his right and it goes through his hands for a six. Not an easy catch that one;
32.3;4;Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR runs short of length and still very wide, Faulkner cuts it and it beats a wide short third man for another four. IT was quick at 93kph;
32.2;4;Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR runs wide again and this time's it's fuller as Faulkner smashes it through the covers for four;
32.1;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run short and wide, jabbed to point without footwork;
31.6;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run a quicker one, 110 kph, the batsman defends it back to the bowler;
31.5;?;Ashwin to McKay, no run bowls a carrom ball from over the wicket now, but it's short enough for the batsman to rock back and defend;
31.4;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run he eases the full delivery to long off for a single;
31.3;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run he bowls it slower and wider outside off, the batsman had to wait and he slaps it hard, it just drop short of Yuvraj at extra cover;
31.2;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run full and flighted on off stump, the batsman drives it firmly but straight to cover;
31.1;6;Ashwin to Faulkner, SIX runs he tosses it up and Faulkner send it flying to the second tier over cow corner, this is outrageous hitting..;
30.6;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run flatter and quicker of off, the batsman dabs it to point for a quick single;
30.5;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run now he is beaten as he bowls this one faster outside off;
30.4;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run he tries to punch the back of length delivery through off, but chops it to the keeper;
30.3;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run another drop, this time by Jadeja, as the batsman whacks it back at the bowler;
30.2;6;Jadeja to Faulkner, SIX runs Faulkner will keep fighting, he gets under the full delivery and hammers it over long on;
30.1;W;Jadeja to Coulter-Nile, OUT floated wide outside off, slower and loopy, the batsman didn't have much of an option but to go through with his shot, he aims for the sight screen, but he ends up in the big palms of Kohli at long on..;Nathan Coulter-Nile c Kohli b Jadeja 3 (6m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 60;
29.6;1;Ashwin to Coulter-Nile, 1 run flatter and shorter on the pads, the batsman waits on the back foot and pulls it to fine leg;
29.5;?;Ashwin to Coulter-Nile, no run he pushes it to cover for a single;
29.4;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run Shami has dropped a dolly! This was slogged by the batsman and all Shami at deep midwicket had to do was to watch the ball and swallow it, but it just slips through his fingers;
29.3;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run he cramps the batsman with room with one spinning in, the batsman pushes it to cover;
29.2;1;Ashwin to Coulter-Nile, 1 run flatter delivery outside off, the batsman dabs it to point for a single;
29.1;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run bowls the carrom ball on the pads, the batsman tucks it to behind square on the leg side;
28.6;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run full delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to extra cover for a single;
28.5;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run floated wide outside off, the batsman tries to push it and gets beaten..;
28.4;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run fuller delivery, he comes forward and drives it to cover;
28.3;1;Jadeja to Coulter-Nile, 1 run he comes forward and punches it to cover for a single;
28.2;W;Jadeja to Watson, OUT that is the end of Watson! Jadeja hurls some words at Watson's end after the wicket, totally unnecessary! Here is what happened! It was a shorter and flatter delivery on off, the batsman went for a cut, he chops it on to Dhoni's thigh and it ricochets to lob gently for the fielder at short third man. Watson wasn't sure what happened, but he has to go.;Shane Watson c Mohammed Shami b Jadeja 49 (28m 22b 2x4 6x6) SR: 222.72;
28.1;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to long on for a single. Watson hobbles to the other end;
27.6;?;Shami to Watson, no run this is another good yorker, right on the middle stump and the batsman can only jam his bat at that;
27.5;6;Shami to Watson, SIX runs length delivery outside off and the batsman doesn't care what pace it is or where it's coming from, he just slaps it over the non-striker's head, it goes over long-on, it was a slower delivery too;
27.4;1;Shami to Faulkner, 1 run attempts another yorker on the middle stump, it's not really on the mark, but not bad either, the batsman punches it down to long on;
27.3;?;Shami to Faulkner, no run fires in a good yorker on off stump and we don't see them too often these days, the batsman digs it out back down the pitch;
27.2;6;Shami to Faulkner, SIX runs and this hit equals it! He moves the front leg out of the way and nonchalantly picks up the length delivery over long on, not just over long on, it's way way over long on;
27.1;1;Shami to Watson, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, the batsman punches it back down the pitch, Shami gets a hand to it, but he parries it to long on;
26.6;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run full and on the middle and leg line, Watson blasts it back towards the bowler, who gets his left-hand to it, but it would have taken his hand along has he tried to put it flush in the way..;
26.5;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run flatter and quicker, he slaps it to long on, but decides against the single;
26.4;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run he bowls a good yorker outside off, the batsman makes no connection as he tries to dig it out;
26.3;1;Ashwin to Faulkner, 1 run slog sweeps it from off stump to deep midwicket after taking his front leg out;
26.2;?;Ashwin to Faulkner, no run fired full on the pads, Faulkner flicks it straight to square leg;
26.1;4;Ashwin to Faulkner, FOUR runs tossed up and full outside off, Faulkner swings it like a golf club, over the bowler's head;
25.6;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run tries to slog again, but inside edges it to midwicket;
25.5;6;Jadeja to Watson, SIX runs there were shouts of catch it, but the long off fielder can only see it sail very flat and very low, all the way towards the sight screen;
25.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run quicker and fired on the leg stump, the batsman defends it towards cover;
25.3;1;Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run he punches this one to long off for a single to give Watson the strike;
25.2;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run he pulls the length back and the batsman defends it to the bowler;
25.1;?;Jadeja to Faulkner, no run he comes forward and pushes the tossed up delivery to cover;
24.6;6;Vinay to Watson, SIX runs make it a hat-trick! Dhawan may have just ticked Watson the wrong way here, he is just responding with the bat, this is deep in the second tier. Monster Monster Halloween hit this one.;
24.5;6;Vinay to Watson, SIX runs they keep coming, Vinay Kumar serves up a length delivery, Watson is not bothered about running, he smashes it over cow corner again, flatter this time but six nonetheless;
24.4;6;Vinay to Watson, SIX runs now he connects and connects very very well, Watson is very serious, no smiles at all as he smashes it way way deep into the cow corner stands.. Looked like it was heading out of the ground at one stage;
24.3;?;Vinay to Watson, no run he gets a length delivery to which he throws a wild swing, it just misses the off stump and the outside edge;
24.2;?;Vinay to Watson, no run opens the stance and punches the length delivery to cover;
24.1;4;Vinay to Watson, FOUR runs it's back of length on off and Watson just stands tall and gives it a jolly good whack over midwicket, the fielder was not too far, but it flew like a rocket;
23.6;1;Shami to Watson, 1 run fuller and slower delivery, Watson maintains his grim countenance and blasts this to long on, along the ground for a single;
23.5;4;Shami to Watson, FOUR runs add to that four more as he opens up the stance and drives it on the up through extra cover;
23.4;6;Shami to Watson, SIX runs he stands tall and it doesn't matter if the ball was seaming after pitching on the length, he just picks it up with a straight bat over long on, over the advertising boards;
23.3;1;Shami to Faulkner, 1 run back of length delivery on the stumps, the batsman stands tall and guides it to third man for a single;
23.2;1;Shami to Watson, 1 run length delivery on off, Watson chops it to backward point for a single;
23.1;1;Shami to Faulkner, 1 run length delivery outside off, he drives it on the up and punches it to cover;
22.6;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run back of length delivery on off, the batsman dabs it to cover for an easy single;
22.5;1;Vinay to Watson, 1 run he punches the length delivery to mid-on for a single;
22.4;?;Vinay to Watson, no run he plants his front foot out and punches the length delivery to extra cover, Dhawan rolls along the floor after he has stopped it, he mocks Watson's limp after that.. Watson doesnt find it funny;
22.3;1;Vinay to Faulkner, 1 run pushed to cover for a single;
22.2;W;Vinay to Maxwell, OUT short delivery outside off and Maxwell in this mood was not going to leave it, he goes for the pull but doesn't get hold of it as the ball hits the top of the bat, it lobs towards Jadeja at deep midwicket who gobbles it up..;Glenn Maxwell c Jadeja b Vinay Kumar 60 (23m 22b 3x4 7x6) SR: 272.72;
22.1;6;Vinay to Maxwell, SIX runs he comes in and he his smacked for a massive hit over long on, length delivery, asking to be hit and it just ends up in Maxwell's arc;
21.6;W;Shami to Voges, OUT the leg stump has been taken out! Shami gets another one! It was a nothing shot really because Voges tried to whip it to the leg side while staying back to a length delivery, it skids in, hits his pads and then takes the stumps out. He played across the line and was probably surprised by the pace on that;Adam Voges b Mohammed Shami 4 (27m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
21.5;?;Shami to Voges, no run full delivery outside off, the batsman crunches a drive but Raina at cover swoops it by moving to his left;
21.4;1;Shami to Maxwell, 1 run bowls another fuller delivery at his normal pace and he scythes it over extra cover, but there is protection in the deep now;
21.3;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run this one is a slower one and it beats the batsman just outside off, wasn't too far from either the bat or the off stump;
21.2;6;Shami to Maxwell, SIX runs length delivery and he shows he is no less than his Mumbai teammate Rohit, drives it beautifully over extra cover to bring up the fastest fifty from an Aussie.. equals Simon O-Donnell's 18 ball effort;
21.1;?;Shami to Maxwell, no run he makes room as he charges down the pitch but misses the length delivery outside off, the record is not for the taking anymore;
20.6;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run he bowls a quick yorker which Maxwell punches down to long on;
20.5;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs now it's another tossed up one and the batsman gets down on the knee and sends it soaring behind square leg, goes into the stands again..;
20.4;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run tossed up on off, the batsman clears his front foot out and wanted to drive it through cover, but he misses and it beats the outside edge;
20.3;1lb;Ashwin to Voges, 1 leg bye he skips down the track and pushes it to midwicket for a quick single;
20.2;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run tossed up delivery and Voges goes for a reverse paddle, but makes no connection as the ball turns down the leg side;
20.1;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run he defends the first one to cover;
19.6;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run flatter and quicker outside off, the batsman wanted to blast it through covers, but gets an inside edge towards midwicket;
19.5;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs slightly slower and shorter, Maxwell waits for it and cuts it late past the lone slip fielder, this is very smart cricket;
19.4;1;Jadeja to Voges, 1 run plays this one with an open face and pushes it to deep cover;
19.3;?;Jadeja to Voges, no run he is more conventional, coming forward to push the full delivery to cover;
19.2;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up outside off and Maxwell is going to target the leg side, slogs this one from off but it drops just short of the fielder at deep midwicket;
19.1;6;Jadeja to Maxwell, SIX runs he bowls a flat one and Maxwell is unstoppable, he stays on the back foot, leans back and smashes it over cow corner;
18.6;1;Ashwin to Maxwell, 1 run and this is good bowling, another yorker by Ashwin, Maxwell forces it to long on for a single;
18.5;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run another one of those yorkers, Maxwell can only dig it out back to the bowler;
18.4;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run fires it full on off, Maxwell punches it back to the bowler;
18.3;1;Ashwin to Voges, 1 run it's fuller on the pads and it's flicked to deep midwicket for a single;
18.2;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run quicker on off this time, the batsman defends it off the front foot;
18.1;?;Ashwin to Voges, no run tossed up and full, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler;
17.6;6;Vinay to Maxwell, SIX runs and skips down the track and launches this high and very very high in the night sky, for a second the fielder at long off thought he had a chance, but it descends into the crowd;
17.5;6;Vinay to Maxwell, SIX runs and Vinay Kumar gets the flavour of the day, this one is one amazing shot, he picked it up from the middle stump and sends it to the second tier at deep square leg;
17.4;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs he is not wasting any time, he charges down the pitch again and flat bats it over midwicket for another boundary;
17.3;2;Vinay to Maxwell, 2 runs he charges down the pitch and slaps it over mid-on for a couple of runs;
17.2;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs;
17.1;1;Vinay to Voges, 1 run;
16.6;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs;
16.5;W;Ashwin to Haddin, OUT and Haddin's scratchy innings has come to an end! Dhoni isn't sure if the bails were flicked by the ball or by his hands! But the replays show that it took the top of the off bail. Another one goes down. That hit the top of off and ricocheted on to Dhoni's grill;Brad Haddin b Ashwin 40 (67m 49b 7x4 0x6) SR: 81.63;
16.4;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run he bowls it flat and quick on off stump again, the batsman defends off the back foot;
16.3;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run flatter and quicker on off stump, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
16.2;2;Ashwin to Haddin, 2 runs another loopy delivery but the room outside off allows the batsman to squeeze it through cover;
16.1;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run tossed up delivery on off, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
15.6;1;Vinay to Haddin, 1 run back of length on off, pushed to mid-on for a single;
15.5;1;Vinay to Voges, 1 run this one's on length just outside off, coming in a bat and an appeal for lbw as it hits the front pad, but hit him outside the line;
15.4;?;Vinay to Voges, no run on length on off and middle, driven to mid-on;
15.3;?;Vinay to Voges, no run length ball on off, pushed on the off side;
15.2;W;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run, OUT what a run-out this is, confusion all over for Australia! Bailey put the ball away to deep midwicket with a heave, they weren't sure about the second but went for it, Haddin tries hard to make it in time at the non-striker's end but Bailey isn't making his ground at the keeper's end, he's watching what's happening at the other end halfway through the pitch. Vinay collects the ball as Haddin dives and throws it to Dhoni, Bailey is well out of his crease caught napping;George Bailey run out (Yuvraj Singh/Vinay Kumar/?Dhoni) 4 (11m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
15.1;1;Vinay to Haddin, 1 run length delivery on middle and leg, flicked in the air to deep midwicket off the pads;
14.6;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run offspinner on off, pushed to midwicket on the last ball;
14.5;1;Ashwin to Haddin, 1 run on length on middle and leg, worked to midwicket for a quick single;
14.4;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run on length on off, going across Haddin who wanted to defend but it just missed the outside edge;
14.3;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run full on the pads, swept to deep fine leg;
14.2;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run this one zips across Bailey who wanted to drive it on off and beat his outside edge;
14.1;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run appeal for lbw as it pitched on off but was going down further when bailey shuffled and tried to work it on the leg side;
13.6;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run on length on the stumps, defends it back to the bowler;
13.5;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run Haddin makes room, trying to break a few shackles, can't get the straight ball past mid-on;
13.4;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run on length outside off and shaping away Haddin pokes and misses the outside edge again;
13.3;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run bit of room outside off on length, pushed to point with soft hands for a quick single;
13.2;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run fuller outside off and swinging away, Bailey drives and misses it;
13.1;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run back of length outside off, pushed back to the bowler;
12.6;?;Ashwin to Haddin, no run on length and flatter on middle, Haddin defends to midwicket off the back foot;
12.5;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run full on off, driven down to long-on for one;
12.4;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run flighted on the stumps again, turned to midwicket;
12.3;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run tossed up on middle, works it to square leg with the turn;
12.2;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run tossed up on off, pushed back and Ashwin dives to his right to stop it;
12.1;W;Ashwin to Hughes, OUT strikes first ball! Pitched it full on the pads, Hughes turned it to midwicket with the wrists and it's taken easily by Yuvraj out there. Dhoni almost did a 180 split by the way;Phillip Hughes c Yuvraj Singh b Ashwin 23 (54m 33b 2x4 0x6) SR: 69.69;
11.6;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run full on off, Hughes heaves and gets a leading edge in the air. Dhawan catches it at third man and they run one;
11.6;1nb;Vinay to Hughes, (no ball) it's a no ball as the length delivery was defended on the off side;
11.5;1;Vinay to Haddin, 1 run length ball on middle, pushed to mid-on for a single;
11.4;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run on length this time heading towards leg, defends without much movement;
11.3;4;Vinay to Haddin, FOUR runs Haddin makes room early, Vinay replies with a bouncer aimed towards him and he's pulled it just in time between deep fine leg and del square leg for a one-bounce four;
11.2;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run slightly shorter and wider, Hughes cuts and Yuvraj dives to his left to stop it but hurts his arm a little but;
11.1;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run back of length outside off, worked to point off the back foot;
10.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, FOUR runs short of length, Haddin spots the length and stays back to pull it wide of Kohli at deep midwicket for four. 10 from the over;
10.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run back of length around off, Hughes comes down a bit and drives to sweeper cover;
10.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, FOUR runs length ball outside leg, flicked off the pads through the midwicket fielder for four as there's nobody in the deep;
10.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run short of length outside leg, Hughes wants to pull it away but can't. Hits his pads for a dot ball;
10.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, 1 run outside off, Haddin makes room but manages only a bottom edge close to the pitch, gets a single;
10.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run short of length wide outside off, driven off the back foot to cover;
9.6;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run short of length moving away after pitching, Hughes defends as he goes on his toes;
9.5;1;Vinay to Haddin, 1 run length ball towards middle and leg, pushed to mid-on for one;
9.4;4;Vinay to Haddin, FOUR runs going into the pads, Haddin flicks it over short fine leg with the wrists for a couple of bounces into the boundary. He's targeting Vinay Kumar to accelerate;
9.3;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run on length on the stumps, defends it to midwicket;
9.2;4;Vinay to Haddin, FOUR runs length delivery outside off, driven handsomely throughout he covers for four. Excellent timing and nobody moved an inch;
9.1;?;Vinay to Haddin, no run low and slow full toss just outside off, driven with soft hands to mid-off after a bounce;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run length ball around off, Hughes defends off the back foot;
8.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run short of length outside off, pushed to backward point where Kohli stops the ball;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run short of length around off and angling away, BK appeals for lbw as it hit the pad before bat but hit him outside the line;
8.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run full and outside off, driven down to mid-off;
8.2;2;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 2 runs full on the pads, worked to deep backward square leg for two off the legs;
8.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run short of length angling away around off, defends it back to the bowler;
7.6;4;Shami to Haddin, FOUR runs into the pads and he works it down the leg side with the wrists for a four to. Shami looks unhappy with that as he gave only two runs before that ball;
7.5;?;Shami to Haddin, no run short of length outside off, defends it to point;
7.4;?;Shami to Haddin, no run 140kph, just misses the off stump. Back of length ball coming in, Haddin makes room and doesn't connect and the ball doesn't connect with the stumps either as it went over them;
7.3;2;Shami to Haddin, 2 runs short one but he's not timed the pull properly as it goes over midwicket and they take two;
7.2;?;Shami to Haddin, no run 142.3 kph, back of length ball outside off, it jabbed in sharply as Haddin tries to cut it but it went though him as Dhoni caught it;
7.1;?;Shami to Haddin, no run length ball on off at 141kph, inside edge hits the pads;
6.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, 1 run angled into the pads again form length, flicked to deep midwicket and Haddin keeps the strike;
6.5;4;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, FOUR runs connects much better this time. It was angled into the pads, Haddin connected very well to send it flying over midwicket for another four;
6.4;4;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, FOUR runs gets room outside off, it's on length and Haddin drives the outswinger over the covers for four;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run appeal for lbw and Haddin pulls a short ball, can't connect and it hit him in front of leg, was going down further;
6.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run wider outside off and Hughes cuts it to deep backward point off the back foot;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run not much room outside off for Hughes, who defends it towards short cover;
5.6;?;Shami to Haddin, no run angling into Haddin from length on middle, tries to work it on leg but gets hit on the pads;
5.5;?;Shami to Haddin, no run going straight towards off stump at 141kph, almost went through the defence as the batsman went to the back foot;
5.4;?;Shami to Haddin, no run on length on off, defends it back to Shami;
5.3;1;Shami to Hughes, 1 run on length outside off, defends towards mid-off with soft hands for a quick single;
5.2;?;Shami to Hughes, no run back of length outside off, Hughes drives off the back foot towards point and Yuvraj pounces to his left to stop it;
5.1;2;Shami to Hughes, 2 runs back of length on leg, worked off the hips to deep backward square leg;
4.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run slightly shorter on off, he pulls but can't connect properly;
4.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run back of length outside off, punched to cover off the back foot;
4.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run length ball outside off, tight lines this over from BK and Haddin defends again;
4.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run on the stumps this time, Haddin defends it to midwicket;
4.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run coming into the batsman form back of length, defends on the leg side;
4.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run outside off on length form BK, Haddin pokes it to point;
3.6;?;Shami to Hughes, no run length delivery from middle heading to off, defended off the back foot back to Shami;
3.5;?;Shami to Hughes, no run touch shorter and wide outside off, Hughes cuts and gets a bottom edge. It doesn't go anywhere;
3.4;2;Shami to Hughes, 2 runs on length on leg, works it to deep backward square leg for two quick runs;
3.3;?;Shami to Hughes, no run bouncer from Shami and Hughes pulls it awkwardly to midwicket;
3.2;?;Shami to Hughes, no run shaping away from Hughes from length outside off, he lets it go;
3.1;?;Shami to Hughes, no run full and outside off, driven firmly straight to cover;
2.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run on length on leg, helped to deep fine leg and Hughes keeps the strike;
2.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, 1 run falls short of first slip! This one shaped away after pitching on length outside off, Haddin chased with a prod and got an outside edge to first slip;
2.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Haddin, no run shaping in from off on length, Haddin defends off the back foot;
2.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run drifting down leg again, worked to deep fine leg;
2.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run length delivery headed for the stumps, defends it back to BK;
2.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, FOUR runs it as going down leg for a wide and Hughes got bat on it to send it for four;
1.6;?;Shami to Haddin, no run on length outside off, Haddin prods it to point;
1.5;?;Shami to Haddin, no run another big appeal! Shami goes up again and this one probably did a bit too much after pitching outside off and hit him on the thigh as he was on his toes. Good decision form the umpire;
1.4;?;Shami to Haddin, no run slightly full outside off, defends it back to the bowler;
1.3;?;Shami to Haddin, no run length ball outside off, Haddin pushes to cover;
1.2;W;Shami to Finch, OUT Shami strikes! Pitched it on length on middle and was heading towards the stumps as it hit Finch's pads in front of leg. The umpire's finger went up immediately but not sure if that would have hit the stumps for sure;Aaron Finch lbw b Mohammed Shami 5 (6m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.1;1;Shami to Hughes, 1 run slightly full at 140kph outside off, Hughes drives and an inside edge just misses the stumps one its way to fine leg;
0.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run on leg, worked to deep fine leg for one;
0.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run length ball into the stumps, pushed towards mid-on;
0.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run length ball angled into the pads, tucked to deep fine leg;
0.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run this one comes into Finch after pitching on length just outside off and he defends it towards point;
0.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run outside off on length, driven to cover;
0.1;4;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, FOUR runs starts with a four! Back of length out swinger outside off and Finch found the gap between cover and mid-off. Dhawan chased and dived but couldn't keep the ball inside;

6.15pm The Australia openers are out for the mammoth chase and Bhuvneshwar Kumar will bowl to Aaron Finch with two slips
 Innings Start
India
Australia
7th ODI (D/N), Bengaluru, Nov 2 2013, Australia tour of India
383/6
326
Player of the match is Rohit Sharma, INDIA
India won by 57 runs
