Data
11.25 Australia added 70 runs this morning for the loss of Siddle and Clarke. They will take that, gladly. 284 is a rather decent total. The ball is still doing a lot on this pitch. We'll see how potent the Australians are in about ten minutes.
"Only two batsmen in test history have scored two 151s...Clarke & Steve Waugh. Nice company to keep. Useless stat, but I like the symmetry," says Smudgeon.
74.6;W;Morkel to Clarke, OUT Clarke's terrific innings ends with his leg stump being detonated from the ground. He made room to a good length ball and tried to heave on the leg side, he missed and Morkel was on target;Michael Clarke b Morkel 151 (266m 176b 22x4 0x6) SR: 85.79;
74.5;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run Morkel bowls that unplayable ball again, one that seams away from the right-hander after bouncing sharply off a good length, Clarke pushed forward to play on the off side but was beaten;
74.4;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run Morkel homes in on middle stump, Clarke stays in his crease and defends on the off side;
74.3;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs full ball on off and middle stump, Clarke gets to 150 by making some room and drilling the ball hard past the bowler;
74.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run short of a length just outside off, Clarke pushes to a deep point and refuses the single;
74.1;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs shot! Length ball on a straight line, Clarke simply lined it up and lofted through the line, hitting it over mid-on to the boundary;
73.6;?;Tahir to Lyon, no run cut off the back foot to point;
73.5;?;Tahir to Lyon, no run bowled slowly on off stump, the ball turns away from Lyon, who shoulders arms;
73.4;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run Clarke makes a bit of room and then pushes a quick ball towards cover;
73.3;1;Tahir to Lyon, 1 run full toss swept off the front foot behind square;
73.2;?;Tahir to Lyon, no run defended on the front foot to the bowler;
73.1;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run driven off the front foot towards cover;
72.6;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run too wide outside off, Lyon puts in an exaggerated stride and shoulders arms;
72.5;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run the ball springs off a good length and seams away to beat Lyon's defence;
72.4;W;Morkel to Siddle, OUT caught at short cover! Morkel hits a good length once again and slants the ball into Siddle, who plays a loose drive. The ball lobs towards cover where AB takes a comfortable catch. Siddle's played his part, though, in a partnership of 59;Peter Siddle c de Villiers b Morkel 20 (73m 54b 2x4 0x6) SR: 37.03;
72.3;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run short ball, which Siddle avoids;
72.2;4;Morkel to Siddle, FOUR runs short of a length just outside off and Siddle cracks the ball between gully and third slip by opening the face;
72.1;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run full ball around off stump, played from the crease on the off side;
71.6;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run left alone outside off stump, and that is drinks;
71.5;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run full toss, driven to AB at cover;
71.4;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run defended on the front foot;
71.3;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run the googly and Siddle tries to work it off the pads but doesn't make proper contact, the ball goes behind square and there are several calls of "NO";
71.2;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run driven along the ground to long-off;
71.1;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run full ball driven firmly back to the bowler. Tahir fields, twirls around and threatens to throw at the batsman;
70.6;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run Morkel fires in a full ball around off, Siddle moves forward and defends;
70.5;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run good length ball on off and middle, Clarke plays it close on the leg side and the batsmen sprint the single;
70.4;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run short of a length and right at the batsman, defended off the back foot on the off side;
70.3;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run good length just outside off, Clarke shoulders arms;
70.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run full and straight, Clarke plays it back to the bowler;
70.1;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run good length just outside off, defended on the front foot;
69.6;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run shorter length, Clarke moves back and clips the ball off his pads through square;
69.5;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run bowled quick through the air on middle stump, defended on the front foot;
69.4;1;Tahir to Siddle, 1 run Siddle gets down low and sweeps from in line of the stumps behind square;
69.3;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run Clarke skips down the pitch to take the ball on the full and plays to long-on;
69.2;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run flighted delivery on a straighter line, Clarke blocks on the front foot;
69.1;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run tossed up but a bit too wide outside off, Clarke lets it go;
68.6;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run beaten again, the batsman pushed at a full ball outside off;
68.5;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run the bouncer at 142kph, Siddle ducks;
68.4;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run played through square leg;
68.3;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run how do you play that? The ball pitches on a good length, bounces sharply and seams just a touch away from Clarke, who moves forward to block but is beaten. A near-perfect delivery, only the edge was missing;
68.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run good length and straight, Clarke moves back and across to defend. Morkel gets such awesome bounce from a good length;
68.1;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run full ball just outside off stump, Clarke stays in his crease and drives to mid-off;
67.6;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run tossed up on middle stump, Siddle pushes forward and defends;
67.5;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run defended on the front foot;
67.4;2;Tahir to Siddle, 2 runs Siddle tries to defend on the front foot but gets an inside edge on the leg side;
67.3;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run full ball on off stump, Siddle drives to cover point;
67.2;4lb;Tahir to Siddle, 4 leg byes that's a flat ball outside leg, the attempted googly, it clips Siddle's pads and goes past Boucher;
67.1;?;Tahir to Siddle, no run defended on the front foot;
66.6;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs edged and four! Clarke tries to cut one that pitches on a good length and jags back at him, the bottom edge misses the stumps and goes wide of Boucher;
66.5;2;Morkel to Clarke, 2 runs fuller length on the pads, Clarke clips through square;
66.5;1nb;Morkel to Clarke, (no ball) that is a screamer at 141.5 kph, the ball rose sharply off a good length and roared past Clarke's attempt at defending off the back foot, tight no-ball call;
66.4;1;Morkel to Siddle, 1 run Morkel angles a length ball into Siddle, who works it off his hips through square;
66.3;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run good length and straight once again, Clarke stays in his crease and opens the face to play the ball towards cover;
66.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run full ball just outside off, Clarke strides forward and shoulders arms;
66.1;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run full length and straight, Clarke gets behind the line and blocks;
65.6;2;Steyn to Siddle, 2 runs Steyn slants the last delivery into Siddle who moves forward and manages to play the ball through square leg;
65.5;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run left alone outside off stump, another outswinger;
65.4;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run Steyn might be fuming here, these deliveries are too good for No. 9. This one pitched in line with the stumps and swung away sharply from a good length, Siddle pushed forward but was miles from the ball;
65.3;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run full and straight, Siddle stayed in his crease and pushed it towards point;
65.2;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run Steyn bangs in the bouncer at 138kph, Siddle ducks and lets it go relatively easily;
65.1;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run good length on off stump at 138kph, Siddle gets behind the line and blocks on the off side;
64.6;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off stump, Clarke cuts but can't beat point, I think I heard him groan;
64.5;?;Philander to Clarke, no run good length on off stump, Clarke defends from his crease;
64.4;1;Philander to Siddle, 1 run full ball on off stump at 130 kph, Siddle moves forward and pushes the ball into a gap at cover;
64.3;?;Philander to Siddle, no run good length and very straight, Siddle gets behind the line and defends with a straight bat;
64.2;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run played off the back foot through midwicket;
64.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run defended on the front foot on the on side;
63.6;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run played off the back foot towards gully;
63.5;2;Steyn to Siddle, 2 runs too straight and Siddle nudges the ball off the pads towards long leg, Philander runs to his left from fine leg but can't prevent the second;
63.4;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run that's a slightly slower short ball, Clarke was early on the swivel pull and waited a touch before hitting it to deep square leg;
63.3;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run full ball outside off, Clarke leans forward and plays a punchy cover drive that is stopped in the in field;
63.2;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run 135 kph, short of a length and straight, Clarke plays off the back foot towards mid-on;
63.1;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run good length and straight, defended on the back foot;
62.6;?;Philander to Siddle, no run short of a length outside off, cut off the back foot to Amla at point, that was 130kph as well;
62.5;?;Philander to Siddle, no run a well directed bouncer, Siddle begins to duck but then also turns his head away from the line of the ball to let it pass;
62.4;?;Philander to Siddle, no run Philander swings the ball into Siddle who moves forward and gets a thick inside edge towards the leg side;
62.3;?;Philander to Siddle, no run played towards backward point;
62.2;?;Philander to Siddle, no run a bouncer, and Siddle gets under it;
62.1;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run short of a length at the body, Clarke tucks it around the corner and runs;
61.6;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run Siddle presses forward and defends a full outswinger towards cover point;
61.5;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run that wasn't the outswinger, it was the one that angled into the right-hander, Siddle let it go and was lucky his off stump wasn't uprooted;
61.4;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run too wide outside off, Siddle lets it go;
61.3;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run short of a length at Clarke's body, he takes one leg off the ground as he plays a short-arm pull to deep square;
61.2;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run this time it's the one that swings in from a full length, he can do that too! Clarke meets it on the front foot and plays on the off side;
61.1;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run Steyn pitches the outswinger around off, Clarke strides forward and shoulders arms;
60.6;?;Philander to Siddle, no run Siddle tries to let the ball go but the line is straight and he wears the ball on the thigh, it goes to fine leg but they can't run for that;
60.5;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run the edge doesn't carry! Clarke edges one that pitches on a length and seams away, Kallis dives to his right from second slip but the ball falls short;
60.4;?;Philander to Clarke, no run Philander is bowling around 130kph and gets past Clarke's outside edge again, beating the batsman with away movement;
60.3;?;Philander to Clarke, no run Clarke pushes from his crease at one that seams away from a good length on off stump and gets beaten;
60.2;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length with some seam movement away from Clarke who lets it go again;
60.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, no seam or swing on that one, Clarke watches it closely and shoulders arms;
59.6;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run shorter length, Siddle defends on the back foot;
59.5;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run defended on the back foot;
59.4;2;Steyn to Siddle, 2 runs dropped! Siddle tries to push the outswinger through midwicket and he gets a leading edge. The ball flew at comfortable pace and height to point where Tahir dropped it. de Villiers isn't at point, maybe because of his hand? That ball went through Tahir's hands;
59.3;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run terrific outswing bowling, Siddle tries to drive but is no where near it, swings from in line with the stumps past the outside edge;
59.2;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run Steyn pitches the outswinger on a good length in line with middle stump, Siddle squares up to defend but the ball screams past his outside edge;
59.1;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run a bit too much width outside off and Clarke cuts off the back foot to deep point, Siddle now has five to face;
58.6;?;Philander to Siddle, no run Siddle's survived the entire over, he defended the last ball competently on the off side;
58.5;?;Philander to Siddle, no run Philander gets this one to seam into the right-hander from a good length outside off, Siddle moves forward to play but gets beaten between bat and pad;
58.4;?;Philander to Siddle, no run the length is shorter and the line is at the batsman, Siddle gets behind the ball and blocks on the off side;
58.3;?;Philander to Siddle, no run full ball outside off and the outswing beats Siddle's drive;
58.2;?;Philander to Siddle, no run a bouncer, and Siddle ducks to safely let it pass;
58.1;?;Philander to Siddle, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
57.6;4;Steyn to Clarke, FOUR runs full ball and Clarke meets it on the front foot and drives to the long-on boundary, terrific stroke;
57.5;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs short ball and Clarke plays a short arm pull from outside off through midwicket;
57.4;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run shorter length outside off stump, Clarke watches it swing past him to Boucher;
57.3;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run Clarke moves forward and drives a perfect outswinger to mid-off;
57.2;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke strides forward and drives through point, a misfield from Prince in the deep allows the second, which South Africa will cringe at because Siddle is not on strike;
57.1;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run Steyn gets the outswinger to bounce and move significantly away from Clarke, who fends and has no chance at making any contact;
56.6;?;Philander to Siddle, no run good length outside off with seam movement away from Siddle who pulls his bat out of the line of the ball;
56.5;?;Philander to Siddle, no run good length outside off, Siddle calmly lets it go;
56.4;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run nudged off the pads behind square for a single;
56.3;?;Philander to Clarke, no run Clarke prods at one outside off stump and then pulls his bat inside the line to let it go;
56.2;?;Philander to Clarke, no run length ball outside off stump, Clarke flashes but makes no contact;
56.1;4;Philander to Clarke, FOUR runs I cannot believe there is no second slip. Clarke pushes from his crease at a good length ball that seams away from him and edges it towards the cordon. Smith dives to his right from first slip but can't reach it properly. that could have gone straight to second slip.;
55.6;4;Steyn to Siddle, FOUR runs too full and a bit too straight, Siddle stays in his crease and clips it wide of the fielder at midwicket;
55.5;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run good length and straight, defended on the leg side;
55.4;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run pushed off the front foot through point once again;
55.3;1;Steyn to Siddle, 1 run edged but safe, Siddle pushes from the crease at a full ball outside off and gets an edge that falls short of third slip and goes past;
55.2;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run short of a length wider outside off, Clarke steers off the back foot through point;
55.1;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run good line and length outside off stump, with some swing away from Clarke, who lets it go;
54.6;?;Philander to Siddle, no run full ball outside off, Siddle leans forward and defends square.;
54.5;W;Philander to Harris, OUT a typical tail-ender job from Harris, he's holed out to mid-on in comical fashion. Bouncer outside off, its heading for his face and he tries it swat it away as if it were a bothersome fly. He gets a top-edge and it goes high, and doesn't come very low before Morne the giant gobbles it up.;Ryan Harris c Morkel b Philander 5 (16m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
54.4;?;Philander to Harris, no run bouncer, Harris ducks early and gets out of danger.;
54.3;?;Philander to Harris, no run on Harris' pads at 131 kph, he skips inside the line and works it to square leg.;
54.2;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run opens the face of the bat as he stays on the crease and guides square. Gee, Vernon seems to have lost a few yards since the morning.;
54.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length on off stump, Clarke covers the line and defends solidly.;
53.6;?;Kallis to Harris, no run Harris defends the last ball before drinks, gets behind the line and blocks to the off side.;
53.5;?;Kallis to Harris, no run fuller and attacking the stumps, Harris stays in the crease and covers the line to defend down the track.;
53.4;2;Kallis to Harris, 2 runs another stand and deliver pick up over the covers from Harris, he ensures the ball hits the middle of the bat and clears the in-field.;
53.3;?;Kallis to Harris, no run Kallis goes wider of the stumps now, Harris doesn't have a poke at it.;
53.2;2;Kallis to Harris, 2 runs a good old tail-ender's smear from Harris. Opens up the off side, flexes his muscles and just lofts it over the covers for a couple.;
53.1;?;Kallis to Harris, no run Kallis plugs away back of a length outside off, Harris doesn't take the bait this time.;
52.6;4;Philander to Clarke, FOUR runs uppish, but safe as houses. Clarke is into position for the drive so early, he slots it in the air to the leg side of the pitch, and Philander has no chance to grab it on his follow through. Clarke is looking invincible now.;
52.6;1w;Philander to Clarke, 1 wide too short, and called a wide for height now. This over is taking longer than expected.;
52.6;1nb;Philander to Clarke, (no ball) fuller length, driven hard by Clarke but he can't beat mid-off. AB de Villiers puts in a big stretch and dives, and seems to have strained his back in the process. He has had back issues in the past ...;
52.5;?;Philander to Clarke, no run goes away off the seam from outside off, Clarke opens up his stance and defends to the off side.;
52.4;1;Philander to Harris, 1 run Harris is away, stays back and drops a length ball into the point area and scurries to the other end.;
52.3;W;Philander to Johnson, OUT one shot too many, and that's the end of Mitch. South Africa will breathe a sigh of relief to see their tormentor back, but this may prove to be an invaluable 20. Short ball, angled across wide of off stump, and he tries to forehand it across to the leg side. He can't get on top of it, and lobs the shot to midwicket standing close.;Mitchell Johnson c Morkel b Philander 20 (32m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
52.2;?;Philander to Johnson, no run;
52.1;?;Philander to Johnson, no run short of a length on Mitch's middle and leg line, he looks for the whip again but can't get it away.;
51.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, Clarke lets it go through.;
51.5;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs what a corker of a shot to bring up a corker of a 100. Kallis tries to tempt him into edging a drive with a full ball outside off. The drive came, the edge didn't. Clarke veritably walks into the cover drive and almost inevitably finds the gap. He pumps his fists, the helmet is off and he acknowledges the cheers. What an innings.;
51.4;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run short and wide of off stump, Clarke lets it go to the keeper.;
51.3;3;Kallis to Johnson, 3 runs nice shot. Kallis pitches up at a friendly pace, and Mitch drills it into the covers for three.;
51.2;?;Kallis to Johnson, no run heavy ball, landed well short and Mitch looks for the upper cut. Play and a miss.;
51.1;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run short ball, Clarke gets inside the line and pulls it away square for a single. Takes him to 98.;
50.6;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run fuller length to end the over, Clarke drills it into the covers for a single.;
50.5;?;Philander to Clarke, no run appeal for lbw as Vernon jags one back into Clarke. Second time in recent times Clarke's been caught napping by an indipper, but height's saved him again. He was playing for the straight ball, but it kept coming in and hit him above the pad. Quite adjacent., but high.;
50.4;1;Philander to Johnson, 1 run shaped in off the seam and it ends on Mitch's pads again, this time he turns it more politely and finds square leg.;
50.3;?;Philander to Johnson, no run short ball, Mitch spots the length early and ducks under it.;
50.2;2;Philander to Johnson, 2 runs don't pitch on the pads of Mitch. Else he'll swish it with a flick of the wrists. Just like that.;
50.1;?;Philander to Johnson, no run a bit of a loosener, angled across at a gentle pace, and Mitch defends from the crease.;
49.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run finishes with a length ball on off stump, and it is punched confidently to wide mid-off.;
49.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run shorter length, wide of off stump and this time Clarke lets it go through.;
49.4;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs a thing of beauty this, Clarke's flowing cover drive. Kallis goes back to the full away-swinger, Clarke leans out, gets close to the pitch and the hands then take over, just rolling through the line.;
49.3;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run 126 kph, nips this one in off a length, and there's a huge lbw appeal as Clarke is hit on the pad Umpire Gould has been phenomenal so far today, and SA decide against reviewing his decision. Correct call too, Clarke was struck quite high as he moved into line and looked to work it around.;
49.2;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run goes wider of off stump now, Clarke isn't sucked into playing at it.;
49.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run length ball seaming away as is Kallis' wont, Clarke lets it go.;
48.6;2;Morkel to Johnson, 2 runs length delivery on middle and leg, Mitch flicks with hard hands, a touch uppish, but he finds the gap and gets a couple through midwicket.;
48.5;4;Morkel to Johnson, FOUR runs Mitch is looking super dangerous here from SA"s point of view. Full ball, wide of off stump, inviting the poke or the push, but what does Mitch give it? The kitchen sink. He doesn't try getting close to the line, he just lashes at it and the ball takes off over the cordon.;
48.4;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run Morne goes wider of off stump, Mitch leans out and shoulders arms.;
48.3;2;Morkel to Johnson, 2 runs smashes the pull away, absolute swat that as a 142 kph bumper came along. Somehow, it wasn't timed as well as it seemed he would have with such a sumptuous swing. Still worth a couple.;
48.2;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run stays on the crease this time and plays with the angle to the leg side.;
48.1;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run buzzes in back of a length from over the stumps, it takes off from there the way it does when Morne bowls, and Mitch stays out of the way.;
47.6;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs looks to york him, finishes a half volley at 134 kph on the toes and Clarke twinkles it away through midwicket for a couple.;
47.5;1lb;Steyn to Johnson, 1 leg bye back of a length, nudged off the hips down to fine leg.;
47.4;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run short ball, misdirected onto the hips and Clarke glances it in pleasing fashion down to fine leg.;
47.3;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs full and wide of off stump, Clarke drives away from the body, but it doesn't seem to matter anymore, since he's middling almost everything. Amla trots across from deep point to cut off the boundary.;
47.2;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run goes to leg stump and looks to square him up, it straightens down the line and Clarke works it cautiously to the leg side.;
47.1;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs full ball on off stump and swerving away, Clarke drives into the covers. Not well timed, but that's positive footwork for you.;
46.6;4;Morkel to Johnson, FOUR runs well done Mitch, he knew this was going to be full. He stayed on the crease, but was crouching low to pounce on the half-volley and flick it furiously through midwicket.;
46.5;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run that's page 1 from 'How not to play the bouncer for dummies'. Mitch stays rooted, doesn't duck, takes his eyes off the ball, holds the bat in front of his face and fends in hope. He manages to keep it down somehow.;
46.4;2;Morkel to Johnson, 2 runs bouncer, Mitch wants to pull but it climbs extra on him and he's aeons late on the shot and heaves it ungainly in front of square.;
46.3;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run short of a length outside off, defended from the crease.;
46.2;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run covers the line as Morne keeps it on a length, and defends with full face to the off side.;
46.1;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run Morne attacks the stumps from over the stumps, Clarke works it square for a single.;
45.6;?;Steyn to Johnson, no run full and fast angled across Mitch, who gets across but shoulders arms.;
45.5;W;Steyn to Haddin, OUT ah well, Aus are in big trouble now. Haddin's gone, not learning the lesson from the previous two balls. Stays on the crease again as Steyn gets fuller and closer to off stump to ensure Haddin doesn't play and miss this time. Haddin obliges, gets across and thrusts the bat well in front of the body to get a big outside edge on a rather ambitious drive, into gully's hands. 300? 200 is looking miles away now.;Brad Haddin c Prince b Steyn 5 (8m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
45.4;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run he's caught on the crease again, gets across but not forward as he tries to cover the line. Too good, this, from Steyn.;
45.3;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run tries the dream ball that zips away from leg stump, but sprays it down the leg side.;
45.2;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run Haddin is absolutely #pwned by this one, and he knows he just wasn't good enough to nick it. Pacy, on the perfect length around middle and off and then zipping away like an inebriated college student. Haddin wasn't forward, and tried driving down the line, but the ball was in a different zip code.;
45.1;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run 144 kph, short of a length, buzzing away from wide of off stump. Haddin stays rooted at the crease and swishes wildly at it, but it is through him.;
44.6;1;Morkel to Haddin, 1 run gets a single to end the over, which means he faces Steyn now.;
44.5;4;Morkel to Haddin, FOUR runs what a hoick to get going. Short and wide outside off, Haddin smashes it away with cartoonish impetuosity. He stands tall, lifts one foot in the air and launches this towards third man.;
44.4;?;Morkel to Haddin, no run short and pacy outside off, climbing away steeply outside off, Haddin lets it go.;
44.3;W;Morkel to Hussey, OUT and another, Hussey is gone off the inside edge. Morne's getting the ball to whistle in sharply now, and it is too good for Mr Cricket. He let the previous one go, but knew it came disconcertingly close to off stump. This time he tries to stay put on the crease and cover the bat pad gap late, but it just kept coming in. It snuck through the gap, but not before it took the inner edge, onto thigh pad. Boucher takes a good low catch. What a huge breach this, Hussey has been scoring runs by the bucket-loads in recent times.;Michael Hussey c ?Boucher b Morkel 1 (25m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 5.55;
44.2;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run huge indipper, Morne gets this going from well wide of off stump, and Hussey ends up having to really tuck his tummy in and stay back as it keeps coming in.;
44.1;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run back of a length from round the stumps, defended to the off side from the crease.;
43.6;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run finishes with the full ball, Clarke takes the bait but doesn't fall for it. He leans out and drives into the covers.;
43.5;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run short ball once more, steep climb outside off and Clarke keeps the bat well below the firing line.;
43.4;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run back of a length outside off at 140 kph, Clarke stays back and rises on the toes to let it go.;
43.3;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run full length on 137 kph, driven off the front foot to mid-off.;
43.2;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run fuller now, Clarke's not close to it, but still drives competently, but straight to mid-off.;
43.1;4;Steyn to Clarke, FOUR runs boy, Clarke is seeing the ball like a boulder rolling down the Table Mountain. Short and wide from Steyn at 144 kph, Clarke absolutely climbs on it and pulverises the ball with a cut shot that sends the ball speeding away on the double.;
42.6;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run ends the over with a steep bouncer, Hussey tries to get under it and clout the pull away, but it is through him in a big hurry.;
42.5;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run a Morne special that. Comes in from wide of the stumps, lands outside off and straightens subtly enough to beat Hussey as he defends down the straight line. It misses the edge too, and hits the thigh. Jaffa.;
42.4;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run pegs him back with another short ball, Hussey covers the line and defends.;
42.3;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run big bounce outside off, Hussey watches the rise and stands tall and shoulders arms to keep the bat out of the way.;
42.2;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run angled in from wide of the crease, Hussey stays back and nudges off the pads to square leg.;
42.1;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run too short and too wide, Clarke reaches across and cuts to the deep for a single.;
41.6;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run on the pads to end the over, Hussey turns it away with the wrists to square leg. Not the most fiery Steyn over we have seen today.;
41.5;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run fuller length on and outside off stump, pushed into the covers off the front foot.;
41.4;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run short of a length outside off, Hussey sees it through to the keeper.;
41.3;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run too full, too wide, Hussey can't reach it if he wants to.;
41.2;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run full and wide outside off, Clarke takes him on with an uppish square drive. A dodgy shot for just a single, since deep point is in place.;
41.1;2;Steyn to Clarke, 2 runs starts with a full ball outside off that goes away, Clarke starts with a positive push forward and across, and a chirpy drive into the covers.;
40.6;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run too short, too wide, Clarke leans across and hacks it square for another single.;
40.5;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run short of a length, easy line on the pads at 142 kph and Hussey turns it round the corner for a single.;
40.4;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run too short, too wide at 142 kph, and Clarke cuts it away square for a single.;
40.3;4b;Morkel to Clarke, 4 byes aha, Morne again sends this wide of off stump, it then seams away and dies on Bouch who is miffed as it runs away for byes.;
40.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run again, short and miles wide of off stump, Clarke lets it go through to the keeper.;
40.1;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run short and wide at 140 kph, it has been a bit of a malaise today, this length. Easy leave outside off.;
39.6;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run length ball on middle and leg at 144 kph, what a sensational over. Hussey nudges it to the leg side. A huge breach before tea, but Hussey has done well to ensure one wicket didn't lead to another.;
39.5;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run 145 kph, on the hips, Hussey shuffles into the line and deflects it to the leg side.;
39.4;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run that's gone away, that's absolutely exploded from a short length, Hussey ducks for dear life, and Bouch's gloves take a pounding.;
39.3;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run better from the Huss, gets behind the line this time.;
39.2;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run Aha! 143 kph, hits the gloves with a bombshell that darts back in from short of a length. Hussey tries to fend it away the way the late Frasier would have tried to keep Ali's jabs away. The bottom hand is off, the top hand takes a rap and the ball goes to the off side. That must have hurt Mr Cricket, as he hops away and looks at the ball dribbling towards the cordon.;
39.1;W;Steyn to Marsh, OUT It's taken him one ball to make a difference! Marsh's been ruled lbw, and he's being very optimistic reviewing that. Good old patent indipper, lands at pace on a length around off stump and nips in, Marsh has been solid all day, but this time he doesn't get bat and pad close together, and plays across the line. Was he lulled into this false stroke by the poor bowling until now? Hit in front of middle, absolutely, hopelessly plumb. A complete waste of a review. Marsh played really well until this one, they may have be tempted into trying their luck with the review.;Shaun Marsh lbw b Steyn 44 (157m 101b 8x4 0x6) SR: 43.56;
38.6;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run Marsh chips out now, gets close to the flight and whips a single to midwicket.;
38.5;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run a touch of drift away from Marsh, very full ball and he digs it back to the leg side.;
38.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run Marsh covers the line as he presses forward, and defends again.;
38.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up on off stump, defended off the front foot.;
38.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run he's forward again and blocks off the front foot.;
38.1;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, Marsh ensures it doesn't break in and defends off the front foot.;
37.6;4;Philander to Clarke, FOUR runs Vernon seams this away, but it is far too short outside off to trouble Clarke. He stays back, reads it off the track, stays on top of the bounce and guides it expertly through point for another four. SA are haemorhaging now as the stand is worth over a 100.;
37.5;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, Clarke doesn't have a go at it as it bustles away harmlessly to the keeper.;
37.4;?;Philander to Clarke, no run finally finds the channel outside off, and Clarke shoulders arms duly.;
37.3;4;Philander to Clarke, FOUR runs over-pitched now at an amiable 131 kph on the pads. Food, drink, dessert and some other assorted goodies for someone with Clarke's wrosts as he stays on the crease and swooshes it away through midwicket.;
37.2;?;Philander to Clarke, no run back of a length and a much better line, Clarke gets behind it and plays it back to the bowler.;
37.1;4;Philander to Clarke, FOUR runs Australia are slowly taking control here. Vernon nips one back into Clarke from too short of a length, and Pup hops to nudge it away behind square for four more.;
36.6;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run googly tossed up outside off, driven off the front foot back to the bowler.;
36.5;4;Tahir to Marsh, FOUR runs even more decisively this time. Marsh gets more width outside off, and leans out and whacks it away into the covers. This spell must be coming to an end.;
36.4;4;Tahir to Marsh, FOUR runs flighted too far outside off, Tahir is looking completely harmless here. Marsh shows him the way to the extra cover boundary with a lovely reach across and a gentle swish of the bat.;
36.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off now, Marsh plays it back to the bowler.;
36.2;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run flighted on the pads, worked softly to the leg side.;
36.1;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run over-pitched on the stumps, Clarke drives it back past Tahir who fumbles to allow the single.;
35.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run back of a length outside off, Marsh stays back and defends backward of point.;
35.5;4;Philander to Marsh, FOUR runs what a peach of a pick-up whip through midwicket. Half-volley on the pads alright, but Marsh's movement was a treat to watch there as he got the front foot into line and dispatched it with a decisive jab of the wrists.;
35.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run now he bends one into the left-hander cutting him into two, almost. Clarke manages to keep it out though, as he's caught on the crease.;
35.4;2nb;Philander to Clarke, (no ball) 1 run over-steps and drifts onto the pads now, Clarke helps it away to the leg side for one.;
35.3;?;Philander to Clarke, no run beaten by an indipper. Vernon's biggest strength is the ability to get the wobble going either way, that one cut in sharply from a length and stayed low too. Clarke was back on the crease and loose in defence, the ball cut through him and just missed the stumps.;
35.2;?;Philander to Clarke, no run this one wobbles away from a length outside off, Clarke shoulders arms now.;
35.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run that's the length he needs to maintain. Full, outside off, drawing Clarke forward into a check-drive into the covers.;
34.6;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run another full toss, outside off stump, and Marsh swings it to Smith at mid-on.;
34.5;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run tossed up wide of off stump, Clarke leans out with an opened face and guides it square for a single.;
34.4;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run tossed up to Marsh, he drives smoothly past wide mid-on for another single.;
34.3;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run skips out again, punches down to mid-on for a single.;
34.2;4;Tahir to Clarke, FOUR runs inexperience showing. Tahir sends down an amiable full toss, Clarke says thank you and butchers it with a slog-heave over midwicket. He'll be sad he didn't get six for it.;
34.1;2;Tahir to Clarke, 2 runs Is Clarke the best player of spin in this side? Almost inevitably, he shimmies out of the crease, gets to the pitch and laces Tahir into the covers for a couple.;
33.6;?;Philander to Marsh, no run 129 kph and a fuller length outside off, Marsh defends compactly into the off side.;
33.5;?;Philander to Marsh, no run back of a length around middle and off, Marsh stays on the back foot as he covers the line and defends to the off side.;
33.4;1;Philander to Clarke, 1 run angled into the pads, Clarke is inside the line and helps it along to fine leg for a single.;
33.3;?;Philander to Clarke, no run covers the line better this time and defends down the line.;
33.2;?;Philander to Clarke, no run a ripper amidst a lot of ordinary bowling. Vernon goes closer to an acceptable length for a change, Clarke tries to get forward but is yards short of it as it lands and zips away off the seam, play and a miss of epic proportions.;
33.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, Clarke lets it go as he stays on the crease.;
32.6;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run that held its line as it went across Marsh, who defended to the off side.;
32.5;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up and straightening into Marsh from outside off and he defends.;
32.4;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run another fullish ball outside off, Clarke gets the single into the covers.;
32.3;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run another full toss, driven strongly into the covers where a diving save from AB comes in the way. He's already nursing a sore finger, and that troubled it some more.;
32.2;4;Tahir to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke's gone to 50, and I swear I had no idea he had got that many. This is a really good innings, consdering he was being owned by Steyn at the start of it. Tahir sends down a gentle full toss on the pads as Pup advances, and whips it away through midwicket.;
32.1;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run tossed up outside off, driven with the turn into the off side.;
31.6;2;Philander to Marsh, 2 runs back of a length at 133 kph, Marsh tucks it around the corner for a couple more. South Africa's attack seem to be losing steam now.;
31.5;?;Philander to Marsh, no run angled across once again, Marsh watches the seam movement closely and leaves.;
31.4;?;Philander to Marsh, no run deviates sharply away from the left hander after landing full outside off, Marsh doesn't bother with it.;
31.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run wasted ball down the leg side, Marsh can't get the glance away, it is too wide.;
31.2;?;Philander to Marsh, no run appeal for an lbw, it is turned down and South Africa review again. That was sent down from over the stumps, and it hit his front pad - a foot in front of the crease - in front of leg and middle, as Marsh tries to flick it away. But the operative part is that it pitched outside leg, the seam and one half of the ball were out of the mat. Safe.;
31.1;?;Philander to Marsh, no run angles the first ball across Marsh from over the stumps, and he leaves it to the keeper.;
30.6;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run Clarke leans out to the ball flighted outside off and defends to the off side.;
30.5;1;Tahir to Marsh, 1 run fuller now, he leans well forward and drives to mid-off for a single.;
30.4;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run nice variation in length, Marsh was trying to get forward and then realised he wasn't going to get there. Adjusts and defends to the off side.;
30.3;?;Tahir to Marsh, no run tossed up outside off, Marsh leans out and defends into the off side.;
30.2;1;Tahir to Clarke, 1 run more width this time, he cuts it away square for a single.;
30.1;?;Tahir to Clarke, no run whippy ball straightens and slides down straight on middle and off, Clarke forces the cut into the off side.;
29.6;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run short of a length from over the stumps, Marsh covers the line as the ball straightens and blunts it down the track. How good he's looked today!;
29.5;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run back of a length at 138 kph, Clarke stays back and slaps it away through point.;
29.4;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run this is getting a wee bit predictable now. Another short ball, Clarke is bending much earlier now as he gets out of the way.;
29.3;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run again short, this time wider outside off, Clarke hops and forces it to the off side off the bottom edge.;
29.2;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs he's getting into better positions against bounce now. Not as pacy from Morkel as he lands one back of a length outside off, Clarke climbs on it with a crisp lash cum pull that sends the ball well behind square leg.;
29.1;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs steered away. Short ball outside off, hustles him for pace as Clarke tries to ride it and ends up guiding it without much control through a vacant third man area. Robin Jackman is on fire on air, he says that position must be renamed Forgotten Man since it is always vacant!;
28.6;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run a forgettable over that. Ends with a ball slanted down the leg side and Clarke nudges it along to fine leg for a single.;
28.5;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs what a cracker of a shot. 137 kph, another short ball from Kallis - this is a little disappointing from him. At this pace, Clarke has no problem pivoting into line, swivelling and crashing the pull shot well wide of deep square leg.;
28.4;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run this one nips away instead of straightening, Clarke remains confident with his leaving.;
28.3;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run that's the line, angles in from wide of the stumps and straightens outside off. Clarke lets it go.;
28.2;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs this is a really poor ball, seams away from well wide of off stump, and Clarke gives it a good hold humpty over backward point. Slashed away into untenanted recesses behind square and it is away for four. The seventh since lunch in 13 overs.;
28.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run too short, too wide, Clarke doesn't bother with it.;
27.6;3;Morkel to Clarke, 3 runs a bit of a miscued tennis stroke, it went on the frame really. Short, it sits up like a sponge ball outside off and Clarke double-fist-forehands it towards midwicket and the bat turns in his hand. Still gets it away for a few.;
27.5;2;Morkel to Clarke, 2 runs too straight now, it doesn't straighten down the line the way he normally manages to, and Clarke dabs it square for a couple.;
27.4;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run too wide of off stump as Morkel gets one to rise impressively from a length. Needs to be closer to off stump.;
27.3;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run wide of off stump, Clarke lets it go as he stays put on the crease.;
27.2;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run another sprightly bouncer, Clarke always seems to be a little late in ducking when he tends to push forward defiantly as part of his trigger movement. He gets out of the way in time this time.;
27.1;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run Marsh is looking the part here. Short of a length outside off, he covers the line and drops it to the off side for a single.;
26.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run beaten by a lekker peach. Kallis keeps it back of a length, lands it on off and gets it to curl away menacingly. Lulled by the two easy boundaries earlier in the over, Clarke has a push at it from the crease, and nearly edges it too. Stunning response that from Jacques.;
26.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run goes wider of off stump, Clarke doesn't play at it this time.;
26.4;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs crunched away! Clarke looks so smooth when he's driving off the front foot. Over-pitched this time a touch wider outside off, but Clarke elimiates all danger by getting right across to the pitch and then drilling it through the man men in the covers. Top, top shot.;
26.3;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs the outswinger is over-cooked, Kallis sends down an amiable full toss outside off and Clarke shows exemplary footwork and wrists as he eases it into the covers.;
26.2;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run Clarke does a Ponting, gets the front pad too far across and then has to play around it, but he gets bat on the work to midwicket.;
26.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run Kallis plugs away, landing them on the seam and taking them away, Clarke defends adequately from the crease.;

Another one from Oliver, since it has been a while:
"There once was a bowler, MacGill
Who gave the Aussies a thrill
Unfortunately, there was Shane
Whose powers did not wane
So he decided to retire, claiming to be ill"
 Innings Start
2.25 pm Australia have taken nine wickets after lunch for 47 runs. South Africa have been bowled out for their second lowest total since readmission. Watson took five in a blink of an eye, and Harris cleaned up the rest. This is a stunning turnaround. And the ball didn't do much at all. Certainly not as much as Steyn and Morkel did with it earlier in the day, when Australia's tail and Clarke added 70 runs. Watson and Harris just bowled wicket to wicket, with some inswing. Nothing extravagant. I need to catch my breath.
Australia lead by 188, Clarke's innings seems priceless now. How can South Africa pick themselves up from here?
Adrian: "Apart from the openers, South Africa's scorecard kinda reads like my phone number"
24.3;W;Harris to Tahir, OUT all over, for fewer than 100. Harris has steamed past Tahir's outside edge and crashed into the top of off stump. The ball was on a good length and straight, Tahir tried to drive from the crease and missed.;Imran Tahir b Harris 5 (15m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
24.2;1;Harris to Steyn, 1 run short ball and Steyn pulls towards deep midwicket;
24.1;3;Harris to Tahir, 3 runs full and straight, Tahir plays a nice straight rive that clips the stumps at the bowler's end and deflects past mid-on for runs;
23.6;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run full ball fired down leg side;
23.5;2;Johnson to Steyn, 2 runs he's finally made contact! Johnson goes round the wicket and angles the ball into the right-hander. There was a huge sound as Steyn made contact, but he hit the ball high and not far. It falls in the outfield at long-on;
23.4;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run short of a length delivery, left alone;
23.3;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run Steyn swings, swings with the attitude of someone who is batting far earlier than he would have liked. He gets beaten;
23.2;2;Johnson to Steyn, 2 runs short of a length and Steyn pulls to the fielder in the deep;
23.1;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run short of a length and straight, the batsman tries to chip the ball over the cordon but gets beaten;
22.6;2;Harris to Tahir, 2 runs full ball outside off stump, driven from the crease through cover point with a thrash of the bat;
22.5;1;Harris to Steyn, 1 run played close on the off side and they set off for a risky single, Harris sprints across, fields and throws at the striker's end. That would have been out had he hit;
22.4;?;Harris to Steyn, no run Steyn aims for the sea with a tremendous heave, but makes no contact once again;
22.3;?;Harris to Steyn, no run Steyn tries an ambitious drive on the up but makes no contact with a fast one outside off;
22.2;?;Harris to Steyn, no run Steyn tries to drive again but mis-times it towards mid-on;
22.1;2;Harris to Steyn, 2 runs well they have avoided the follow on. Steyn drives the ball wide of mid-off and runs two;
21.6;?;Watson to Tahir, no run that was heading straight for off and middle until Tahir brought his bat down very late and played on the off side;
21.5;?;Watson to Tahir, no run Watson fires it into the blockhole, Tahir defends back to the bowler;
21.4;W;Watson to Steyn, OUT run out! Australia are mauling South Africa. Steyn played the ball on the back foot towards mid-on and set off. Morkel was late in responding and he isn't the quickest between wickets. Siddle sprinted from mid-on, picked up, and scored a direct hit at the striker's end. Morkel was out by yards.;Morne Morkel run out (Siddle) 1 (5m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
21.3;?;Watson to Steyn, no run good length and straight, played off the front foot to midwicket;
21.2;1;Watson to Morkel, 1 run short of a length outside off, Morkel stays on the back foot and drives behind point;
21.1;1;Watson to Steyn, 1 run good length on middle and leg, played off the pads behind square;
20.6;W;Harris to Philander, OUT caught at slip! The collapse continues. Philander tries to drive a good length ball on the up without really moving his feet. He gets a thick edge that flies quickly to third slip. Not too quick for Ponting, though, and he takes the catch to the right of his head;Vernon Philander c Ponting b Harris 4 (14m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
20.5;?;Harris to Philander, no run played from the crease towards midwicket, Harris is keeping it full and straight;
20.4;4;Harris to Philander, FOUR runs full ball on middle stump, Philander gets going by clubbing it through midwicket for his first Test runs;
20.3;?;Harris to Philander, no run played towards square leg from the crease;
20.2;?;Harris to Philander, no run Harris nips the ball into Philander, who plays from his crease and gets hit on the thigh;
20.1;?;Harris to Philander, no run good length outside off, Philander lets it go;
19.6;?;Watson to Steyn, no run played towards mid-on once again;
19.5;?;Watson to Steyn, no run good length on off stump, defended towards mid-on on the front foot;
19.4;?;Watson to Steyn, no run full and straight, the batsman defends on the leg side;
19.3;W;Watson to Boucher, OUT given lbw! Watson has five, or does he? Boucher's reviewed it this time. That pitched just outside off stump and angled into Boucher, who tries to defend on the back foot. He misses and the ball crashes into the top of his back pad. Watson is dead sure, and the umpire agrees. Replays indicate that it isn't too high, which was the only doubt. What a unbelievable passage of play for Australia.;Mark Boucher lbw b Watson 4 (14m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
19.2;?;Watson to Boucher, no run defended on the off side;
19.1;?;Watson to Boucher, no run full ball from Watson, driven firmly to short mid-on;
18.6;?;Harris to Philander, no run Good length around off stump, defended from the crease towards point;
18.5;?;Harris to Philander, no run lets this one go through outside off.;
18.4;?;Harris to Philander, no run gets this one to jump up and bounce from a length, at 141 kph, Philander pokes at it from the crease and misses.;
18.3;?;Harris to Philander, no run stays on the crease once again, defended to the off side from the crease.;
18.2;?;Harris to Philander, no run Harris puts in a lot of effort, 140 kph on a length and he tumbles on his follow through. Philander defends from the crease to the off side. No referral, in case you were wondering.;
18.1;W;Harris to de Villiers, OUT (18.1) Another referral! Looks like an optimistic one, but there's no stopping the Aussies from signalling the 'T' now. Was it pad first? Harris nips one in from a length outside off, as AB pushes forward with bat and pad close together ... I tell you what, AB is in trouble. The ball kisses pad first and then slides onto the bat. Three red lights, he is hit in front of off stump! Australia are all over South Africa! What did the visitors have for lunch? They have the hosts on toast now! Finger goes up! This could have never been out in the pre-UDRS era. The ball went into the covers off the pad and bat, and I doubt any umpire would give that out without the help of replays. Stunning usage of the referral system.;AB de Villiers lbw b Harris 8 (25m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 88.88;
17.6;?;Watson to Boucher, no run Watson bowls a full ball that swings into the right-hander, Boucher gets an inside edge on to the pad;
17.5;?;Watson to Boucher, no run Boucher defends from the crease on the leg side;
17.4;4;Watson to Boucher, FOUR runs too full and straight, Boucher moves across and flicks the ball from middle stump through midwicket;
17.3;?;Watson to Boucher, no run good length and very straight, Boucher moves forward and across and plays on the leg side, that moved into the right-hander;
17.2;W;Watson to Prince, OUT Watson is on f i r e. Lbw! The ball was full and straight. Prince couldn't bring his bat down in time and the ball crashed into his pad just above the boot. No doubt about that one.;Ashwell Prince lbw b Watson 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
17.1;W;Watson to Smith, OUT Watson's done it again! He's bowled Smith. Short of a length delivery angling across the left-hander, Smith jumps back and tries to defend, he gets an inside edge that goes on to his stumps;Graeme Smith b Watson 37 (82m 48b 3x4 0x6) SR: 77.08;
16.6;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run good length just outside of, AB moves forward and plays the ball towards gully;
16.5;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run good length on off and middle, AB gets behind the line and defends on the back foot;
16.4;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run full ball around off stump, driven from the crease to mid-off;
16.3;3;Harris to Smith, 3 runs driven through cover once again, not enough legs on the ball for it to reach the boundary;
16.2;2;Harris to Smith, 2 runs short of a length delivery on the body, Smith moves back and across and plays the ball off his hips behind square;
16.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run good length ball around off stump angling across Smith, who defends;
15.6;4;Watson to de Villiers, FOUR runs full toss and AB drives it past mid-on with a straight bat. Two wickets in his previous over, 11 runs off this one.;
15.5;3;Watson to Smith, 3 runs wider outside off stump this time, Smith drives the full ball through cover off the front foot;
15.4;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs full ball with some swing into the left-hander, Smith forces the ball from off and middle through midwicket;
15.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run good length outside off stump, Smith defends on the front foot towards the bowler;
15.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run good length ball outside off, Smith hangs his bat out as it angles across him and gets beaten;
15.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run Watson hits the pad once again after Smith tries to play on the leg side, but that might have pitched outside leg;
14.6;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run short of a length angling into the right-hander, AB gets an inside edge on to the thigh as he tries to defend;
14.5;4;Harris to de Villiers, FOUR runs superb shot, AB moves forward to a full ball and drives through mid-off with outstanding timing;
14.4;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run Harris hits the glove as AB tries to play on the leg side from the crease;
14.3;?;Harris to de Villiers, no run Harris pitches on a good length outside off and beats AB's defence;
14.2;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run short of a length, Smith moves back and across to play the ball on the leg side;
14.1;2;Harris to Smith, 2 runs full ball on the pads, played to fine leg;
14.1;1nb;Harris to Smith, (no ball) Harris oversteps and bowls a short of a length ball that hits Smith on the thigh as he tries to play through leg. Very harsh call from the umpire;
13.6;W;Watson to Kallis, OUT has Watson got another one? Kallis tries to pull a short ball but doesn't make proper contact, the ball lobs off something and is caught by Ponting second slip. The Australians are convinced it's off the bat. Kallis is not going anywhere and the umpire Ian Gould says not out. Clarke reviews right away and hot spot shows a massive edge, after which the ball hit the shoulder at went to slip. Kallis has to go. Sensational over for Australia after lunch.;Jacques Kallis c Ponting b Watson 0 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
13.5;?;Watson to Kallis, no run good length on off stump, making the batsman play, Kallis defends on the back foot;
13.4;?;Watson to Kallis, no run Kallis meets a full ball with a firm straight drive, Johnson moves to his right and dives to cut off the boundary;
13.3;?;Watson to Kallis, no run wicket-to-wicket line from Watson, Kallis stays in his crease and defends on the off side;
13.2;W;Watson to Amla, OUT Lbw! Watson nips the ball into Amla and hits the pad, loud appeal for lbw follows and the umpire says not out. Clarke asks for a review. The ball pitched just outside off and swung in to hit the pad on the top part of the knee roll. Replays indicate the ball was hitting in line and would have hit middle and leg. The not-out decision is reversed and Amla has to go.;Hashim Amla lbw b Watson 3 (31m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.75;
13.1;?;Watson to Amla, no run good length and straight, Amla defends from the crease on the leg side;
12.6;?;Johnson to Smith, no run good length just outside off at brisk pace, Smith meets it on the front foot and defends solidly, and that will be lunch;
12.5;2;Johnson to Smith, 2 runs quick single after Smith pushes the ball close on the off side, he ran quickly and slid his bat in properly to beat the direct hit, the ball ricochets off the stumps for overthrows;
12.4;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run short of a length on off stump, Amla jumps back and punches through cover, the fielder dives to his right and gets a hand on the ball;
12.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run straighter line, and Amla defends from his crease towards the bowler;
12.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run Johnson sprays it wide outside off from over the wicket, Amla barely budges;
12.1;?;Johnson to Amla, no run wide outside off stump, Amla lets it go;
11.6;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Smith gets squared up and beaten by one that pitches on a good length in line with the stumps and seams across him;
11.5;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full length around off, defended back to the bowler;
11.4;?;Siddle to Smith, no run played back to the bowler and Smith takes a few quick steps towards the off side in case Siddle has a shy;
11.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length just outside off, Smith shoulders arms;
11.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run defended on the front foot towards the leg side;
11.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full length outside off, defended back to the bowler;
10.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run full ball outside off stump, left alone by Amla;
10.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run full ball very wide outside off, Amla lets it go;
10.4;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, Smith pushes from the crease in front of point and thunders down the pitch for a quick single;
10.3;4;Johnson to Smith, FOUR runs short ball, and it sits up for Smith who moves quickly and pulls the ball with muscle to the midwicket boundary;
10.2;?;Johnson to Smith, no run defended on the back foot towards the bowler;
10.1;?;Johnson to Smith, no run good length outside off, Smith defends from the crease back to the bowler;
9.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, left alone by the batsman;
9.5;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run short of a length at the body, Smith moves back and works the ball behind square;
9.4;?;Siddle to Smith, no run defended on the back foot back to the bowler;
9.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Siddle pitches on a good length in line with the stumps, making Smith defend, and then seams the ball across the outside edge;
9.2;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs full ball outside off, Smith pushes through cover on the front foot;
9.1;4;Siddle to Smith, FOUR runs edged between third slip and gully, the ball didn't carry either. Siddle slanted the ball across Smith, who had a little poke;
8.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run defended back to the bowler;
8.5;4lb;Harris to Amla, 4 leg byes full ball down leg side, Amla misses the glance but gets some pad on it which takes it past Haddin;
8.4;?;Harris to Amla, no run fuller length but the line is outside off so Amla can let the ball go again;
8.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length outside off at 141.5 kph, Amla shoulders arms;
8.2;2;Harris to Amla, 2 runs nice ball to get when you haven't scored, on the pads and Amla tucks it around the corner;
8.1;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length just outside off, Amla stays on the back foot and defends on the off side;
7.6;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs full ball outside off, Smith leans forward and drives towards cover;
7.5;?;Siddle to Smith, no run another bouncer, which the batsman lets go;
7.4;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs Smith drives a full ball back at the bowler and Siddle deflects it close to the stumps at the non-striker's end, Amla was way out of his crease;
7.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run the ball rears up off a good length and smacks Smith on the glove of the bottom hand as he tries to defend;
7.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Siddle hits the middle of the pitch to deliver a bouncer, which Smith ducks under;
7.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full length just outside off, Smith moves forward and plays with a straight bat;
6.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla stays in his crease and plays a length ball on the off side;
6.5;W;Harris to Rudolph, OUT cleaned him up! Harris goes straight through Rudolph's defence and uproots off stump. The ball pitched on a good length and bent back in ever so slightly after angling across the left-hander. Rudolph played outside the line from his crease and was beaten between bat and pad. That ball hit the outside corner of the top of off stump;Jacques Rudolph b Harris 18 (28m 29b 1x4 0x6) SR: 62.06;
6.4;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run pitches on a good length and slants across Rudolph who lifts his bat out of the way;
6.3;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run Rudolph rubs the inside of his thigh after getting an inside edge on to his body;
6.2;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run full length close to off, the batsman lets the ball pass;
6.1;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run short of a length outside off, punched off the back foot to cover;
5.6;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length around middle stump, Smith moves back and across and closes the face to play on the leg side, he gets a bit of a leading edge that falls on the pitch;
5.5;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length outside off, another one for Haddin to take;
5.4;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length but the line is too wide, Smith strides forward and lets the ball go;
5.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full and straight, Smith thumps the ball to mid-on;
5.2;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs Smith gets squared up once again but plays the short of a length delivery between gully and point;
5.2;1nb;Siddle to Smith, (no ball) Siddle oversteps and bowls a stunning ball, bouncing sharply off a good length and seaming across Smith, who was squared up and beaten;
5.1;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs Smith gets off the mark by closing the face and forcing the ball off middle behind square;
4.6;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run good length on middle stump, Rudolph stays in his crease and defends;
4.5;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run good length but the line is outside leg, Rudolph tries to glance but misses and gets hit on the pad;
4.4;2;Harris to Rudolph, 2 runs straighter line, Rudoplh plays the ball off his pads in front of square;
4.3;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run 140.7 kph, similar ball, full but outside off, Rudolph strides forward and lets it go;
4.2;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run full length but the line is outside off, allowing Rudolph to shoulder arms;
4.1;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run left alone outside off stump;
3.6;3;Johnson to Rudolph, 3 runs short of a length with width outside off, Rudolph stays in his crease and slaps the ball through cover, he hasn't timed it perfectly so the ball won't beat the fielder's chase;
3.5;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run good length on off stump at 141 kph, Rudolph gets behind the line and defends towards the bowler;
3.5;1w;Johnson to Rudolph, 1 wide the bouncer sails over the batsman's head and Haddin has to jump to collect it;
3.4;2;Johnson to Rudolph, 2 runs he hasn't timed the drive too well but placed it between extra cover and mid-off, the line and length was full outside off;
3.3;2;Johnson to Rudolph, 2 runs Johnson fires the ball in towards middle at 143 kph, Rudolph stays in his crease, moves a little across and plays wide of mid-on;
3.2;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run better line on off and middle, defended back to the bowler;
3.1;2;Johnson to Rudolph, 2 runs too full on the pads, Rudolph clips towards long leg where Harris runs to his right and saves the boundary;
2.6;?;Harris to Smith, no run fuller length and a straight line, Smith moves forward and defends with bat and pad close together;
2.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run defended from the crease towards point;
2.4;?;Harris to Smith, no run fuller length but the angle across the left-hander from over the wicket makes the line too wide for Smith to want to play a shot;
2.3;?;Harris to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, left alone once again;
2.2;?;Harris to Smith, no run short ball just outside off, Smith sinks to his knees to let it pass;
2.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run too wide outside off, Smith can let his first ball go rather easily;
1.6;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run good length outside off, left alone by the batsman;
1.5;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run he tries to flick once again after moving across but can't make contact, Haddin appeals for a catch down the leg side but it came off the pad, Johnson did not bother;
1.4;4;Johnson to Rudolph, FOUR runs Rudolph moved so far across his stumps that I got a peek at leg stump. He then flicked a full ball from off and middle past the fielder at short leg, uppish but safe;
1.3;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run full and straight at 140 kph, Rudolph plays back to the bowler;
1.2;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run 142.4 kph on a great length just outside off, Rudolph covered his off stump, began to play at it and then let it go, didn't look very comfortable;
1.1;?;Johnson to Rudolph, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
0.6;1;Harris to Rudolph, 1 run good length on off stump, Rudolph pushes with soft hands into the gap at extra cover and runs the single before mid-off can reach the ball;
0.5;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run fuller and straighter, Rudolph has to play, he stays in his crease and pushes towards cover;
0.4;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run Rudolph once again shouders arms as Harris pitches on a good length and slants across him;
0.3;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run short of a length outside off, slanting away from the left-hander who lets it go;
0.2;2;Harris to Rudolph, 2 runs 140.2 kph on off stump, Rudolph pushes forward at a good length delivery and gets an inside edge towards deep square;
0.1;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run good length and straight, the batsman gets behind the line and defends;

The Australians are jogging out on to Newlands after a huddle. Graeme Smith and Jacques Rudolph walk down the stairs from the dressing room. The tables have been turned now. How will the hosts' batsmen cope against Johnson, Harris and Siddle?
Brydon Coverdale's just sent me this from Newlands: "Shaun Marsh had back stiffness yesterday towards the latter part of his innings and it has worsened today. He is continuing his treatment and medication today and won't be fielding today." Copeland's on the field for him.
Ryan Harris to open the bowling, from over the wicket. Three slips and short leg in place.
 Innings Start
4.35 pm: Twenty two wickets have fallen today, 27 is the all-time record. South Africa need 236 to win this Test. Given what has happened, it seems an improbable task. But how they have roared back into the game. They will take it. They were finished after Australia had taken a first-innings lead of 188. A chase of 400 seemed likely. Not they have to chase only 236. They will take it.
Prakash: "What amazes me most that how come Clarke managed to score 151 on this pitch where the two innings today yielded less than that,to be precise 143 runs"
Michael: "Can someone just tell me if it's the pitch that is playing bad or is it just great bowling?" This pitch is not easy to bat on. There is swing, there is seam and there is bounce. It isn't outrageous though. The bounce isn't uneven and it isn't two-paced. The bowling has been terrific, but some of the shots have been poor. Hussey's and Haddin's in particular.
Paul: "Interesting to note that this'll be the 8th instance in test history of no. 11 top scoring."
Sajan: "Opening batsman picks up most wickets. Bowler #11 top scores. bizarre"
The lowest total for a team winning a Test is 45.
17.6;W;Steyn to Lyon, OUT caught at cover, it's all over. Again. Lyon simply chips a good length ball in the air towards AB, who moves forward and dives to take a low catch. Australia have been shot out for 47.;Nathan Lyon c de Villiers b Steyn 14 (29m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
17.5;?;Steyn to Lyon, no run Steyn bangs in the bouncer, Lyon ducks;
17.4;4;Steyn to Lyon, FOUR runs Lyon throws his bat at a short of a length ball outside off and edges it over the cordon to the boundary;
17.3;2;Steyn to Lyon, 2 runs full ball on middle stump, Lyon hits through the line from the crease and chips the ball over mid on;
17.2;?;Steyn to Lyon, no run short of a length delivery close to off stump, left alone by the batsman;
17.1;?;Steyn to Lyon, no run Lyon tries to run the ball towards third man but gets beaten outside off;
16.6;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run South Africa have asked for a review for a caught-behind appeal that was given not out. Morkel is certain, but only he appealed. Siddle had backed away and come down the pitch to swat the ball through the off side. He missed and the ball was collected by Boucher, who did not appeal. Hot Spot will be needed. The slow motion replays don't reveal an edge, there is a small noise, very faint. There are no Hot Spot replays available for some reason. TV commentators say because "it is out of range". It remains not out, Siddle can bat on.;
16.5;1;Morkel to Lyon, 1 run defended from the crease on the off side, fuller ball this time;
16.4;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run a brute of a delivery, shoots up at Lyon from just short of a length and he fends in hope, the ball goes off the edge but falls safely in front of the cordon;
16.3;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run a short of a length delivery gets big on Lyon, who tries to play it behind square but doesn't make proper contact;
16.2;2;Morkel to Lyon, 2 runs worked of the pads through square leg, this last wicket is adding runs drop by drop;
16.1;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run Lyon swishes and misses outside off stump;
15.6;3;Steyn to Lyon, 3 runs clipped off the pads in the air but over the fielder at short midwicket, the ball goes towards the long-on boundary but Tsotsobe chases successfully;
15.5;1;Steyn to Siddle, 1 run defended from the crease towards the off side;
15.4;4;Steyn to Siddle, FOUR runs Siddle backs away, makes room and hits the ball through mid-off for four. Siddle is the first batsman to reach double figures in the innings;
15.3;?;Steyn to Siddle, no run wicket to wicket line, Siddle gets behind the ball and blocks;
15.2;1;Steyn to Lyon, 1 run driven uppishly but not near the fielder at short cover;
15.1;?;Steyn to Lyon, no run good length and straight, defended from the crease on the leg side;
14.6;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run that's a wayward delivery down leg side;
14.5;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run full length outside off stump, Siddle drives but to the fielder at cover;
14.4;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run Morkel jags the ball off a good length into Siddle, who gets hit high on the thigh;
14.3;1;Morkel to Lyon, 1 run short of a length angling into Lyon, who fends down on the leg side and runs;
14.2;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run good length ball pitching outside off and angling into Lyon, who defends from the crease;
14.1;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run short of a length outside off, left alone by the batsman;
13.6;4;Philander to Siddle, FOUR runs they've avoided it! Siddle pushes forward and gets an edge that goes between third slip and gully to the third man boundary. They have gone past the lowest total;
13.5;?;Philander to Siddle, no run good length and straight, defended back to the bowler;
13.4;2;Philander to Siddle, 2 runs on the pads this time and Siddle turns it to deep square leg, dragging Australia towards the lowest total in Test history - 26. Can they get over it?;
13.3;?;Philander to Siddle, no run good length and straight, a skiddy ball on off stump, Siddle defends on the front foot;
13.2;?;Philander to Siddle, no run Siddle plays and misses at a good length ball outside off;
13.1;?;Philander to Siddle, no run short ball and the batsman has to duck under it;
12.6;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run a crisp drive, off the front foot, but to the fielder at cover;
12.5;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run good length angling into the right-hander, Lyon plays towards point;
12.4;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run full and straight, driven back to the bowler once again;
12.3;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run full ball angling into the right-hander, driven back to the bowler;
12.2;?;Morkel to Lyon, no run short of a length delivery lifts off outside off stump, the batsman lets it go;
12.1;1;Morkel to Siddle, 1 run Siddle presses forward and plays towards midwicket;
11.6;?;Philander to Lyon, no run good length outside off stump, Lyon lets it go;
11.5;?;Philander to Lyon, no run Lyon plays and misses outside off stump;
11.4;W;Philander to Marsh, OUT Another review. Philander thinks he's got him lbw! He has! The ball pitched on a good length in line with leg stump and went straight on, Marsh came forward and played across the line. He missed and was hit plumb in front. The umpire said not out and Philander wanted the review immediately. The only doubt was whether it pitched outside leg. It did not. Philander has a five-for on debut. Australia are a wicket away from being bowled out for the lowest total in Test cricket.;Shaun Marsh lbw b Philander 0 (5m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
11.3;?;Philander to Marsh, no run full length outside off, Marsh strides forward and lets it go;
11.2;W;Philander to Johnson, OUT caught at point! The ball was short with width outside off stump, it was there to be hit, to be honest. Johnson cracked it off the back foot but straight to Amla. Australia on course to be dismissed for the lowest Test score ever.;Mitchell Johnson c Amla b Philander 3 (20m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
11.1;?;Philander to Johnson, no run good length just outside off stump, left alone by Johnson;
10.6;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run length ball on off and middle, Siddle gets behind the line and blocks;
10.5;?;Morkel to Siddle, no run full and straight, Siddle moves forward and plays on the leg side;
10.4;W;Morkel to Harris, OUT caught at slip! Harris is no match for this ball. It pitched on a length around off stump, bounced extra, seamed away a little and hit the outside edge high on the bat and flew to Smith at first slip. Easy catch.;Ryan Harris c Smith b Morkel 3 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 42.85;
10.3;?;Morkel to Harris, no run Morkel pitches on a good length outside off and slants it into the right-hander, Harris jumps back and lets it go;
10.2;?;Morkel to Harris, no run good length on off stump, Harris lets it go on length and watches it go over his off stump;
10.1;?;Morkel to Harris, no run Harris fends off the back foot at one that speeds through outside off stump, he gets beaten;
9.6;?;Philander to Johnson, no run beaten outside the off stump;
9.5;?;Philander to Johnson, no run left alone close to off stump, he let that go on length;
9.4;3;Philander to Harris, 3 runs a bit too straight and Harris flicks the ball off his pads towards deep square;
9.3;?;Philander to Harris, no run Harris stays back to defend and gets beaten by one that pitches on a good length and seams away;
9.2;?;Philander to Harris, no run good length outside off stump, played to cover on the front foot;
9.1;W;Philander to Haddin, OUT caught behind, a bizarre shot from Haddin! He backed away and made room to a short of a length ball and tried to drive inside out on the up through the off side. The bounce was too high and he edged it to Boucher. This is extraordinary.;Brad Haddin c ?Boucher b Philander 0 (14m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
8.6;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run played from the crease towards the bowler;
8.5;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run good length and straight, Johnson defends on the back foot towards the bowler;
8.4;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run left alone outside off stump;
8.3;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run short ball, and Johnson takes evasive action to let the bouncer pass;
8.2;?;Morkel to Johnson, no run good length outside off stump, seaming away from Johnson who lets it go;
8.1;2;Morkel to Johnson, 2 runs full ball on off stump, driven off the front foot down the ground;
7.6;?;Philander to Haddin, no run good length, seam movement away from the right-hander, and a great line. Haddin gets beaten;
7.5;1;Philander to Johnson, 1 run full and straight, played off the pad towards midwicket;
7.4;?;Philander to Johnson, no run another whopping appeal for lbw but that might have pitched outside leg stump. Johnson missed the flick and a full ball crashed into his pad. No review. Bowden can breathe easy.;
7.3;W;Philander to Clarke, OUT lbw! But Clarke reviews the out decision. Billy Bowden, the TV umpire, is being made to sing for his supper. Philander seams the ball off a good length from off stump and beats Clarke's drive, the ball hits the top of the back pad. Replays indicate it's clipping the top of the stumps and that's all South Africa need. Australia 15 for 5.;Michael Clarke lbw b Philander 2 (16m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
7.2;2;Philander to Clarke, 2 runs played off the pads through midwicket;
7.1;?;Philander to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, left alone by the batsman;
6.6;?;Morkel to Haddin, no run good length ball outside off stump, Haddin shoulders arms;
6.5;W;Morkel to Hussey, OUT caught at gully! This is truly bizarre. A loose shot from Hussey, driving off the front foot away from his body at a full ball slanting across his off stump, the thick outside edge flies to Prince at gully. He could have easily let that go. Poor stroke.;Michael Hussey c Prince b Morkel 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.4;W;Morkel to Hughes, OUT caught at slip! The procession continues! Or does it? Did that carry to Rudolph at third slip? More work for Billy Bowden, the TV umpire. It was a short of a length ball that bounced sharply and seamed across the left-hander, squaring Hughes up. The ball hit the shoulder of the bat and went to third slip. It was dying on Rudolph as it reached him but he seemed to just get his fingers under the ball. Close call but looked like it carried.;Phillip Hughes c Rudolph b Morkel 9 (35m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 40.9;
6.3;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run good length and straight, defended on the front foot;
6.2;2;Morkel to Hughes, 2 runs fuller length outside off, driven off the front foot on the off side;
6.1;?;Morkel to Hughes, no run another loud appeal for lbw as Hughes gets hit on the pad while trying to play on the leg side, there was an inside edge;
5.6;?;Philander to Clarke, no run short of a length with bounce and seam movement away from Clarke, who fends from the crease and is beaten;
5.5;?;Philander to Clarke, no run left alone outside off stump once again;
5.4;?;Philander to Clarke, no run good length outside off stump, Clarke strides forward and shoulders arms;
5.3;W;Philander to Ponting, OUT Lbw! This time Ponting reviews it! Mayhem at Newlands. Ponting moves forward and across to play one that pitches on off stump and angles into the right-hander. He misses and gets hit on the lower part of the knee roll this time. The umpire gives him out and Ponting asks for a review. Replays show the ball is hitting the stumps. Australia are two down.;Ricky Ponting lbw b Philander 0 (23m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.2;?;Philander to Ponting, no run Ponting strides forward and shoulders arms to a good length delivery outside off;
5.1;?;Philander to Ponting, no run Ponting moves back and across to play the ball on the leg side. It nips back into him from around off and hits him above the pad. Philander appeals and the umpire says not out. Philander is confident and Smith decides to review it. It's too high. The not-out decision stays.;
4.6;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run Hughes gets behind the line of a length delivery and defends;
4.5;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
4.4;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run defended from the crease on the leg side;
4.3;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run Hughes tries to drive through cover again but gets an inside edge on to the pad;
4.2;?;Steyn to Hughes, no run shorter length and straighter line, Hughes defends on the back foot;
4.1;4;Steyn to Hughes, FOUR runs Hughes has laid into that! It was full and wide, there for the drive, and Hughes was on to the front foot in a flash. He flayed it through cover point;
3.6;1;Philander to Hughes, 1 run played towards fine leg;
3.5;?;Philander to Hughes, no run dropped, Smith has grassed an absolute sitter. That pitched short of a length, bounced, seamed a little and took the outside shoulder of Hughes' bat as he poked from the crease. The ball flew at comfortable height into Smith's lap, and he fluffed it;
3.4;?;Philander to Hughes, no run short ball and Hughes ducks under it;
3.3;?;Philander to Hughes, no run full ball outside off stump, Hughes strides forward and pushes to point;
3.2;?;Philander to Hughes, no run left alone outside off stump;
3.1;2;Philander to Hughes, 2 runs driven off the front foot through extra cover;
2.6;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run good length outside off stump, Ponting watches it seam past to Boucher;
2.5;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run shorter length outside off stump, Ponting lets it go;
2.4;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run Steyn keeps it full on of and middle, Ponting comes forward and plays on the leg side;
2.3;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run Ponting pushes forward and plays a good length ball from off and middle towards point;
2.2;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run good length with movement away from Ponting, who lets it go after moving back and across;
2.1;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run Ponting moves back and across to defend a good length ball and gets an inside edge on to the pad;
1.6;?;Philander to Hughes, no run short of a length at the batsman, Hughes defends on the back foot;
1.5;?;Philander to Hughes, no run Hughes gets squared up as he defends a good length ball on the off side;
1.4;?;Philander to Hughes, no run Philander pitches on a good length on off stump and seams the ball away, beating Hughes as he comes forward to defend;
1.3;?;Philander to Hughes, no run good length outside off stump, Hughes strides forward and leaves;
1.2;?;Philander to Hughes, no run left alone again outside off stump;
1.1;?;Philander to Hughes, no run Hughes shoulders arms as a good length ball seams across him;
0.6;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run defended on the leg side;
0.5;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run full ball down leg side, Ponting leans across and misses the glance;
0.4;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run that's down leg side and Boucher collects;
0.3;W;Steyn to Watson, OUT lbw! Gould's given him. Watson hung around a bit wondering whether to review but decided against it. He should have reviewed it, replays indicate the ball was going over the stumps. It was full and straight, but Waston got a long stride forward as he tried to drive, he missed and was hit just above the knee roll. It didn't look high to the naked eye to be honest. Steyn is pumped;Shane Watson lbw b Steyn 4 (2m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
0.2;4;Steyn to Watson, FOUR runs length ball with movement away from the right-hander, it was a bit wide so Watson steered it between third slip and gully to the third man boundary;
0.1;?;Steyn to Watson, no run Watson moves forward to try and defend but the ball bounces sharply from a good length and hits him on the thumb, falls safely on the off side;

I'm betting that Steyn is seething now. Anyone feel differently? He had a catch dropped off him in the morning, which allowed Australia to bat on, and now he's back bowling without much of a rest.
Brendan: "What the hell just happened? Last time I checked it was one fer at lunch and suddenly we've castled them? What were they bowling? Hand Grenades?" Nothing explosive, just healthy wicket-to-wicket lines with a bit of movement.
This is brilliant from Steve, "I just rang tha SA scorecard - and i didn't get Adrian...."
Watson and Hughes are out there. Can Watson do it with the bat, too? Steyn's bowling from over the wicket. Three slips and a gully.
 Innings Start
12.40 pm About this time yesterday, South Africa were having lunch in a decent position, without a clue of the mayhem that was about to unfold. They lost nine wickets for 47 runs after lunch to give up a 188-run lead. It seemed impossible they would come back from that. But they did, blitzing Australia's batsmen for 47, after having them at 21 for 9 at one stage. It was ridiculously bizarre. Then they lost Rudolph early in the chase, and could have lost Amla on the last ball of the day. Smith and Amla resumed this morning with 155 to get, and they both batted quite superbly, scoring quickly and shutting Australia out. History will record this as a comfortable eight-wicket win, but we all know better!
Jonty: "There once was a batsman named smith, Who had the baggy greens in a tiff, He scored a great ton, and the proteas won, In SA slang isnt that kiff."
Liam: "There once was a batsman named Ricky. To get him out was quite tricky. But now he looks done, he can't make a ton, the selectors must be more picky."
Pankaj: "I tried to pen a limerick, while SA and Aus faced the bowlers music, I thought all night
But only when SA won the fight, I managed to pull off the gimmick."
I'll have the presentation for you shortly. Man of the Match? Clarke was the best individual performer for me, but I think Vernon Philander deserves it and will get it.
Michael Clarke: "An interesting three days ... without doubt we let ourselves down with the bat. Full credit to South Africa, for how they bowled and the way they played today. We might have needed 600 ... We played disgraceful shots. Horrendous shot selection. We let ourselves down with the ball ... there was enough in the pitch during the whole game, we got rolled for 47 when the sun was shining. No excuses. It (his century in the first innings) was useless, a waste of time. A hundred is useful only if you help your team win. I'll forget about that pretty quickly."
Graeme Smith: "Incredible. Yesterday was a mind boggle for all of us. It's a win I need to give to the bowlers. They got us bat in the game and set it up for us today. We showed a lot of resilience. The boys are looking forward to a weekend off, and then focus on Jo'burg.
"Vernon has deserved his call-up. His stats in first-class cricket have been incredible. He had a wicket that he could work with and he made it count.."
The Man of the Match is Vernon Philander - 5 for 15 in the second innings, 8 for 88 in his debut Test. "I was a bit nervous, woke up at around 5 in the morning. But I was ready for it. We had to pull off a big bowling performance and we did. It was one of the biggest turnarounds in cricket. Special." Vernon talks way too fast for me to keep up!
And so it ends. Two days and a session this Test was done and dusted in. Thank you for all your emails. See you for Jo'burg. Cheers.
50.2;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run there it is! South Africa have won a bizarre and memorable Test. Smith flicks the ball off his pads to the midwicket boundary to end the madness. An eight wicket margin in the end. The weirdest eight-wicket win ever.;
50.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Siddle hits Smith's pads from round the wicket but there was bat on that;
49.6;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run he leaves it to his captain, played the length ball towards point;
49.5;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run played with soft hands on the off side and Smith sprints the single to reach his century. He's soaking it all in, as he should. It's been a stunning, chanceless innings, off 138 balls.;
49.4;?;Johnson to Smith, no run Smith moves forward and drives firmly to cover;
49.3;?;Johnson to Smith, no run flicked off the pads to square leg;
49.2;?;Johnson to Smith, no run Johnson bowls a ridiculous ball down leg side, Haddin dives full length and gets some glove on it, they could have run a bye, but Kallis decided not to;
49.1;4;Johnson to Smith, FOUR runs full and straight, smith hammers the ball down the ground and Newlands breaks into thunderous applause;
48.6;2;Siddle to Kallis, 2 runs flicked off the pads through square leg, this is getting tense for Smith, Kallis has got two, but Smith has the strike;
48.5;?;Siddle to Kallis, no run Kallis stays in his crease and blocks;
48.4;?;Siddle to Kallis, no run left alone outside off stump;
48.3;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run Smith moves forward and hits the ball towards mid-on;
48.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Siddle aborts his appeal because the angle from round the wicket would have taken the ball down leg side, Smith tried to flick but was hit on the pad;
48.1;4;Siddle to Smith, FOUR runs Smith thumps a full ball from his crease past the fielder at mid-on;
47.6;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run defended back to the bowler;
47.6;1w;Johnson to Kallis, 1 wide that's too wide outside off stump;
47.5;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run played off the front foot on the off side;
47.4;W;Johnson to Amla, OUT caught at gully! This could have happened last evening, but the chance was grassed. Amla departs to a standing ovation. He flashed hard at a length ball outside off and cut it straight to gully, where Clarke caught it. Top innings. Match-winning innings. Bat up.;Hashim Amla c Clarke b Johnson 112 (184m 134b 21x4 0x6) SR: 83.58;
47.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run Amla tried to chip the short ball over the keeper! He missed;
47.2;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run full ball on the pads, Smith flicks to deep square leg;
47.1;?;Johnson to Smith, no run played to mid-on;
46.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla punches off the front foot, but shockingly doesn't beat mid-off;
46.5;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run Smith moves forward and across to tap the ball from off stump to square leg;
46.4;1;Harris to Amla, 1 run short of a length outside off, Amla cuts the ball through point;
46.3;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs Amla moves across his stumps and lifts it off his pads over the in field at midwicket, Amla is laying into Australia, and how;
46.2;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run Smith strides forward and punches the ball to wide mid-off, the crowd is cheering everything now;
46.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run Smith moves forward to play a square drive to point;
45.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run defended on the off side;
45.5;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs holy moly, what a shot that is! Amla has simply pushed at this, punching a length ball straight past the bowler with seriously impressive timing. He is on f i r e and Smith in danger of not getting his century!;
45.4;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run full ball on the stumps, Smith plays the ball through square leg;
45.3;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run played through cover for a single;
45.2;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs and it erupts! Amla uses the width outside off stump to cut the ball fluently through backward point. Newlands is on its feet, his team-mates are on their feet. Top innings. Two lives but he's used them well. He also passes 4000 Test runs;
45.1;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run Smith plays the ball from his crease behind point;
44.6;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs too full, too straight, Amla moves across and flicks the ball firmly through midwicket. He is sprinting towards a memorable hundred;
44.5;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs this time he goes behind the wicket, steers a short of a length ball between slips and gully;
44.4;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs Amla presses forward to a full ball after moving slightly across and drives it with a wonderfully straight bat past the bowler;
44.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla moves forward to whip the ball off his pads but makes no contact;
44.2;2;Harris to Amla, 2 runs Amla rides the bounce of a short of a length ball and opens the face to steer the ball past gully;
44.1;?;Harris to Amla, no run defended on the front foot towards the bowler;
43.6;?;Johnson to Smith, no run driven of the front foot to cover;
43.5;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run played off the front foot towards cover point;
43.4;?;Johnson to Amla, no run short of a length at the body, Amla defends on the back foot;
43.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run played to the fielder at short cover;
43.2;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run short ball and Smith pulls with power, there's a fielder at deep midwicket though;
43.1;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run short of a length into the right-hander from round the wicket, Amla stays in his crease and punches through cover point;
42.6;?;Lyon to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, Smith drives along the ground to mid-off;
42.5;?;Lyon to Smith, no run defended on the front foot;
42.4;1;Lyon to Amla, 1 run Amla steps out, realises he isn't to the pitch of the ball, and pulls it to square leg instead of hitting down the ground;
42.3;4;Lyon to Amla, FOUR runs Amla waits in his crease and slices a full ball from outside off stump to the backward point boundary;
42.2;?;Lyon to Amla, no run Amla steps out this time and drives the ball along the ground to mid-off;
42.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run Amla waits in his crease, moves a little across, and defends;
41.6;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs there's only one slip now and Smith has edged it wide of that catcher for another boundary;
41.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith moves forward and drives a length ball to mid-off;
41.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run width offered outside off stump, driven firmly but to cover;
41.3;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run played from the crease towards point, the partnership is now 150. The last 50 has come off 47 balls;
41.2;3;Watson to Smith, 3 runs this time he makes great contact, flicking the ball off the front foot from around off stump to deep midwicket, Siddle pursues and slides to save the boundary;
41.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith moves forward to whip the ball through midwicket but gets an inside edge on to the pad;
40.6;?;Lyon to Amla, no run defended on the front foot back to the bowler;
40.5;4;Lyon to Amla, FOUR runs tossed up outside off stump, Amla waits for it in his crease this time and uses the width on offer to drive expansively and launch the ball over cover;
40.4;?;Lyon to Amla, no run Amla steps out again but isn't to the pitch of the ball and defends;
40.3;?;Lyon to Amla, no run Amla comes forward again and plays on the off side;
40.2;2;Lyon to Amla, 2 runs Amla charges and tries to hit Lyon for six, he doesn't make proper contact and ends up slicing the ball over mid-off and slightly wide of him;
40.1;?;Lyon to Amla, no run Amla moves back and across to defend;
39.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run that's not short enough to pull but Smith tries to anyway, he gets beaten outside off stump;
39.5;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs it's all going very very wrong for Australia. Smith pushes forward at a fuller ball that angles across him and gets an outside edge that goes between gully and second slip.;
39.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith tries to run the ball to third man but misses;
39.3;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs shot! Smith moves forward and towards the off side to drive the ball from just outside off stump wide of the fielder at mid-on;
39.2;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs width outside off stump, Smith waits in his crease and cuts the ball between gully and point to the boundary;
39.1;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run fullish ball on off and middle, Amla pushes the ball past the bowler towards mid-on;
38.6;?;Lyon to Smith, no run defended on the front foot;
38.5;2lb;Lyon to Smith, 2 leg byes flatter ball on the pads, Smith doesn't make contact with the bat but will get leg byes behind square;
38.4;?;Lyon to Smith, no run Smith jumps out of his crease and then defends;
38.3;?;Lyon to Smith, no run shouts of 'catch' as Smith moves forward and closes the face as he defends on the leg side, that ball was in the air but wide of the fielder at short leg;
38.2;?;Lyon to Smith, no run Smith stays back and defends awkwardly;
38.1;?;Lyon to Smith, no run tossed up outside off stump from round the wicket, Smith pushes forward and lets the ball go;
37.6;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs shot! Amla moves forward to a full ball and punches it past the bowler, the fielder at mid-off moves to his right and dives but can't stop it, the ball races for four after that;
37.5;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length ball outside off stump, Amla opens the face and plays to gully;
37.4;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs short ball, Amla goes on to the back foot and pulls it over the in field to the midwicket boundary;
37.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run punched firmly off the front foot to short cover;
37.2;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla moves across his crease and then plays the ball with the angle into him to short midwicket;
37.1;3;Harris to Smith, 3 runs full ball on the stumps, Smith stays in his crease and whips the ball through midwicket, Hughes chases it;
36.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, Amla lets it go;
36.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run Amla moves forward and flashes hard at a good length ball outside off, he wanted to smash the ball through cover but made no contact;
36.4;?;Siddle to Amla, no run good length angling into of stump, Amla moves forward and blocks;
36.3;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
36.2;?;Siddle to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, Amla defends on the back foot to point;
36.1;2;Siddle to Amla, 2 runs full ball around off stump, Amla drives through cover on the front foot;
35.6;2;Harris to Smith, 2 runs Smith stays on the back foot and works a short of a length delivery towards fine leg;
35.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run defended on the front foot towards the bowler;
35.4;1;Harris to Amla, 1 run Amla moves forward and plays a good length ball through midwicket, he hit that from just outside off;
35.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length outside off stump, Amla lets it go;
35.2;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run length ball on the pads, turned towards long leg, South Africa need 100 more;
35.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run driven to mid-off on the front foot;
34.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run full length and straight line, driven to mid-on;
34.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
34.4;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run Smith jumps back and across to turn the short of a length delivery off his hips behind square;
34.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Smith moves back and defends on the leg side;
34.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run left alone once again outside off stump;
34.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full ball slanting across the left-hander from over the wicket, Smith stays in his crease and lets it pass;
33.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run wider outside the off stump, left alone by Amla;
33.5;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs this time he's driven it through extra cover, once again there's too much width, allowing Amla to get on the front foot and do his thing;
33.4;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs full ball with width outside off stump, Amla strides forward and plays a superb square drive through the gap at point to bring up the 100 partnership;
33.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run another short ball, Amla avoids it with more ease;
33.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run Amla bends his knees and sways out of the line of a well-directed short ball at 145 kph;
33.1;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run Smith uses the angle into him to work the ball off his pads behind square;
32.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run good length ball angling into the right-hander, defended towards the bowler;
32.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run driven to cover on the front foot;
32.4;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run that ball bounced a bit more from a good length and hit Smith on the glove as he moved across to play on the leg side;
32.3;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs short of a length angling across Smith, who stays in his crease and pulls the ball from outside off stump through midwicket.;
32.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Smith leans forward and plays a length ball towards cover;
32.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length delivery angling across Smith, who moves back and across and lets it go;
31.6;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs shot! It was a half-volley around off stump and Amla brings up his half-century with a scorching cover drive. Superb.;
31.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run good length from around the wicket, Amla opens the face and plays towards gully;
31.4;1lb;Johnson to Smith, 1 leg bye full delivery fired into the pads, Smith doesn't make proper contact;
31.3;?;Johnson to Smith, no run good length and straight from over the wicket to the left-hander, Smith defends to the bowler;
31.2;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run Johnson goes round the wicket and fires in a full ball at the stumps, Amla drives towards point;
31.1;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs splendid shot! Amla moves forward to a length ball as it angles across him and opens the face as he square drives behind point and finds the boundary;
30.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith strides forward once again and punches a length ball to cover;
30.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith leans forward and drives the ball to cover, it was on a length around off stump;
30.4;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run a cheer goes around Newlands as Amla pushes the ball in front of gully and gets South Africa off 111;
30.3;?;Watson to Amla, no run short of a length delivery, which Amla defends on the back foot;
30.2;?;Watson to Amla, no run Amla moves forward to punch a full ball to cover. It's taking a while to move on from 111 for 1;
30.1;?;Watson to Amla, no run steady wicket to wicket line from Watson, Amla defends on the front foot;
29.6;?;Johnson to Smith, no run short of a length with width outside off, Smith cuts hard once again but can't find the gap at point;
29.5;?;Johnson to Smith, no run fuller length closer to off stump, defended on the off side;
29.4;?;Johnson to Smith, no run wide ball outside off stump, Smith tries to hit through cover but mis-times the shot;
29.3;?;Johnson to Smith, no run Smith pokes at a good length ball that holds its line and goes straight through outside off, he gets beaten. Didn't move his feet at all;
29.2;?;Johnson to Smith, no run and as I say that, he delivers a short and wide ball, it sits up for Smith who cracks it hard but can't beat point;
29.1;?;Johnson to Smith, no run good length and straight, Smith defends towards the bowler. Johnson is definitely bowling better today.;
28.6;?;Watson to Amla, no run Amla lets the ball go outside off stump;
28.5;?;Watson to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, defended on the back foot;
28.4;?;Watson to Amla, no run Amla strides forward and defends solidly with bat close to pad;
28.3;?;Watson to Amla, no run good length outside off stump at 135 kph, Amla lets it go;
28.2;1;Watson to Smith, 1 run full length once again, Smith leans forward and drives the ball to wide mid-off;
28.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run full length around off stump, driven back to the bowler;
27.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run that is a superb ball, pitches on a good length in line with the stumps, bounces and seams a little, squaring Amla up and beating the outside edge;
27.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run short of a length angling across Amla at 145kph, Amla sways back and lets the ball pass;
27.4;1;Johnson to Smith, 1 run full ball on middle stump, Smith waits in his crease and glances the ball towards long leg;
27.3;?;Johnson to Smith, no run full length around off stump, Smith drives from his crease to cover. That was 146 kph;
27.2;4;Johnson to Smith, FOUR runs edged at four! Smith went hard at a full ball outside off, aiming for the cover boundary, he got a thick edge that flew between second slip and gully. That brings up Smith's 50, Newlands gives him a massive cheer.;
27.1;?;Johnson to Smith, no run short of a length with width outside off, Smith stays in his crease and cuts hard but straight to point;
26.6;?;Watson to Amla, no run full ball on the stumps, Amla flicks to midwicket;
26.5;?;Watson to Amla, no run played to gully;
26.4;?;Watson to Amla, no run huge shout for lbw, will Clarke review the not-out decision? He won't. That ball swung into the right-hander and hit the pad as Amla moved his front foot across his crease. Replays show it would have missed leg stump;
26.3;2;Watson to Amla, 2 runs shot! The ball was on a decent length outside off, it didn't swing or seam, so Amla moved forward and punched the ball fluently through cover;
26.2;?;Watson to Amla, no run length ball on middle and leg, Amla moves across and plays to midwicket;
26.1;?;Watson to Amla, no run full ball on off and middle stump, driven from the crease to mid-off;
25.6;?;Harris to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, Smith lets it go;
25.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run left alone outside off stump;
25.4;?;Harris to Smith, no run defended on the front foot on the off side;
25.3;?;Harris to Smith, no run good length outside off, similar to the previous one, but a little more bounce, Smith lets it go;
25.2;?;Harris to Smith, no run full ball pitches around off and angles across Smith, who stayed on his crease and pushed forward, the ball beat his outside edge. Some seam movement, nothing major;
25.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run good length and pretty straight, Smith moves back and across and defends on the leg side;
24.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended from the crease on the of side;
24.5;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run short ball again, not as short as the previous one, but Smith stays in his crease and pulls through square this time;
24.4;?;Siddle to Smith, no run short ball, Smith sways out of the line;
24.3;2;Siddle to Smith, 2 runs full length on a straighter line, Smith plays the ball from off stump through midwicket;
24.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run full length but a wide line, Smith lets it pass;
24.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length outside off stump, defended on the off side;
23.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run full ball on off stump, Amla defends on the off side;
23.5;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length ball angling into Amla, who defends from off and middle stump;
23.4;?;Harris to Amla, no run defended from the crease after moving across it;
23.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length outside off stump, played off the back foot towards gully;
23.2;?;Harris to Amla, no run full ball on a good length outside off, Amla shoulders arms;
23.1;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla tries to push on the off side but gets an inside edge on the leg side;
22.6;4;Siddle to Smith, FOUR runs that is lucky! Smith tries to pull a short of a length ball that is angling across him after pitching in line with the stumps, he gets a bottom edge that misses the stumps and goes for four. He had played on in the first innings. South Africa go past 100.;
22.5;?;Siddle to Smith, no run short of a length angling across Smith who doesn't play a shot;
22.4;?;Siddle to Smith, no run defended from the crease to the bowler;
22.3;?;Siddle to Smith, no run this time Smith drives the full and wide ball to cover point, hit it uppishly but it fell short of the fielder;
22.2;?;Siddle to Smith, no run good length but the line is too wide outside off, Smith lets it go;
22.1;?;Siddle to Smith, no run Smith stays in his crease and tries to turn the ball on the leg side, gets an inside edge on to the pad;
21.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length outside off at 142 kph, Amla lets it go;
21.5;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs full ball angling into middle stump, Amla stays in his crease and punches the ball past the bowler and beats mid-on as well, superb timing;
21.4;?;Harris to Amla, no run defended solidly on the front foot towards the off side;
21.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run huge shout for lbw but Doctrove says not out. The ball was full and angled into Amla, who came forward to drive but played the wrong line and was hit on the pad below the knee roll. That was missing leg, though, you could see off and middle stump. The umpire's decision stays.;
21.2;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla stays back and opens the face to guide a length ball outside off towards third man, he doesn't get past gully;
21.1;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla moves forward and across and drives a full ball firmly but to the fielder at short cover;
20.6;3;Siddle to Amla, 3 runs full ball outside off stump, Amla leans into a front-foot cover drive and places it through the gap;
20.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended on the back foot to cover;
20.4;?;Siddle to Amla, no run Amla strides forward to play but then lifts his bat out of the way to let a full ball pass outside off;
20.3;?;Siddle to Amla, no run good length and straight, Amla gets behind the line on the back foot and blocks;
20.2;?;Siddle to Amla, no run that one nips into the right-hander after pitching outside off, Amla lets it go close to his off stump;
20.1;?;Siddle to Amla, no run full and straight, Amla defends from the crease on the leg side;
19.6;?;Harris to Smith, no run fuller length delivery which Smith plays to mid-on;
19.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run good length and straight, defended back to the bowler;
19.4;?;Harris to Smith, no run played from the crease towards cover;
19.3;?;Harris to Smith, no run played back to the bowler;
19.2;1;Harris to Amla, 1 run dropped at first slip! Amla tries to force a good length ball off the back foot on the off side and gets a thick edge that goes to Watson's left, he got hands on it easily but couldn't hold on. That's the second time Australia have dropped Amla;
19.1;?;Harris to Amla, no run good length outside off stump from over the wicket, left alone;
18.6;1lb;Siddle to Amla, 1 leg bye full delivery on leg stump, Amla misses the glance and gets hit on the pad for leg byes behind square;
18.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, Amla defends on the back foot;
18.4;?;Siddle to Amla, no run good length and a wicket-to-wicket line, no swing or seam, Amla gets behind the line and defends on the back foot;
18.3;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended from the crease on the off side;
18.2;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run short of a length and straight, Smith moves back and pushes towards midwicket;
18.1;1;Siddle to Amla, 1 run full ball on off stump, Amla leans across and closes the face to play towards midwicket. Amla was dropped by Hussey at gully off the last ball of the second day;
17.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run played back to the bowler on the front foot;
17.5;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs too straight, on the pads, and Smith helps himself to a boundary by moving across and whipping it behind square leg;
17.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith strides forward and drives a length ball towards mid-off;
17.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith moves back and plays towards cover, not much swing or seam so far;
17.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run Watson pitches around off stump on a good length and angles it across Smith, who moves back and lifts his bat out of the way;
17.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run good length outside off stump, Smith strides forward to defend;
16.6;?;Harris to Amla, no run a catch has been dropped off the final ball of the day! The ball was full and wide and Amla had a real go at it, wanting to end the day emphatically. He drove it hard but in the air and straight to Hussey at gully. The ball flew to him at stomach height and he dropped it;
16.5;?;Harris to Amla, no run this one nips back into Amla and he defends;
16.4;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs Amla opens the face late and ever so slightly to guide a short of a length ball to the third man boundary, fluent scoring now;
16.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run driven off the front foot towards mid-off;
16.2;?;Harris to Amla, no run driven off the back foot towards point where Hussey dives to his right and saves runs;
16.1;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run length ball on middle stump, Smith pushes it towards midwicket and runs to bring up the 50 partnership. Outstanding effort.;
15.6;4;Watson to Amla, FOUR runs shot! Amla moves forward to a full ball and drives through cover with the most awesome timing;
15.5;?;Watson to Amla, no run good length and straight, Amla defends;
15.4;4;Watson to Amla, FOUR runs Amla drives at a full ball that angles into him and gets a thick outside edge wide of the two-slip cordon to third man, that was edged along the ground really;
15.3;?;Watson to Amla, no run full and straight, Amla stays in his crease and defends to short cover;
15.2;?;Watson to Amla, no run driven past the bowler but the fielder from mid-on cuts it off;
15.1;?;Watson to Amla, no run full ball outside off, Amla plays the square drive to cover point;
14.6;?;Johnson to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, left alone by the batsman;
14.5;?;Johnson to Smith, no run defended solidly on the front foot;
14.4;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run punched off the back foot towards extra cover;
14.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run short of a length outside off, Amla lifts his bat out of the way;
14.2;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs too full with too much width outside off, Amla stays steady in his crease and then plays a whippy cover drive through the gap for another boundary.;
14.1;?;Johnson to Amla, no run played off the pads through square leg;
13.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run wider outside the off stump, left alone;
13.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run full length around off stump, Smith moves forward and defends;
13.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run full ball angling across the left-hander, Smith lets it go;
13.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run played off the back foot towards midwicket;
13.2;1;Watson to Amla, 1 run short of a length on the hips, Amla whips it behind square;
13.1;?;Watson to Amla, no run defended on the front foot towards cover point;
12.6;?;Johnson to Smith, no run defended solidly on the front foot towards mid-off;
12.6;5nb;Johnson to Smith, (no ball) FOUR runs Johnson over-steps while bowling a good length ball around off stump, Smith closes the face to play on the leg side with the angle into him and gets an outside edge that flies between third slip and gully;
12.5;?;Johnson to Smith, no run good length on a tight line outside off stump, Smith prods forward and is beaten;
12.4;2;Johnson to Smith, 2 runs width outside off stump, Smith punches from the crease through cover point;
12.3;?;Johnson to Smith, no run fuller length angling into off stump, Smith stays in his crease and defends;
12.2;?;Johnson to Smith, no run short of a length outside off stump, Smith plays the ball back to the bowler;
12.1;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run short of a length delivery gets big on Amla from over the wicket, Amla rides the bounce and plays it down behind square;
11.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run full ball outside off stump, Smith moves forward and drives to mid-on;
11.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith strides forward to defend and gets an inside edge on to the back pad;
11.4;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith decides that this one is not coming back at him enough and he lets it go outside off;
11.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run good length and straight, with the angle into the left-hander, Smith gets behind the line and defends;
11.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run defended on the front foot towards the bowler;
11.1;2;Watson to Smith, 2 runs full ball from round the wicket, Smith drives to point;
10.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run too wide outside off, Amla barely moves;
10.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run Amla tries to drive again but gets an inside edge on to the pad;
10.4;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs full ball with width outside off, but not too wide to drive, and Amla drives wonderfully through cover point. He hit that on the up to bring up the 50 for South Africa;
10.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run defended on the back foot on the off side;
10.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run good length again, pitching on off and slanting across, Amla shoulders arms;
10.1;?;Johnson to Amla, no run good length ball angling across Amla, who lets it pass outside off stump;
9.6;?;Harris to Smith, no run driven once again to Johnson at mid-on;
9.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run full ball angling into the left-hander from round the wicket, Smith plays to the fielder at mid-on, who is standing close;
9.4;?;Harris to Smith, no run defended on the back foot towards the bowler;
9.3;?;Harris to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, Smith lets it go;
9.2;4;Harris to Smith, FOUR runs and again! Similar ball on the pads, not as full as the previous one but Smith is too good when the ball is in this area. He whips it once again to the midwicket boundary;
9.1;4;Harris to Smith, FOUR runs too full and too straight, Smith whips it off his pads and the ball screams across the grass to the midwicket boundary;
8.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run defended on the back foot towards midwicket;
8.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run Amla takes one hand off the bat and defends behind point by opening the face;
8.4;?;Siddle to Amla, no run the ball leaps at Amla from just short of a length and he is quick to move back and lift his bat out of the way;
8.3;2;Siddle to Amla, 2 runs Amla moves forward and drives through cover, finds the gap nicely, he didn't hit it hard, just pushed at it;
8.2;1;Siddle to Smith, 1 run pushed firmly off the front foot towards mid-on where Johnson dives to his right to take pace off the ball;
8.1;4;Siddle to Smith, FOUR runs too full on the pads, Smith loves it there and he clips the ball firmly behind square for four;
7.6;4;Harris to Amla, FOUR runs shot! Amla gets off the mark with a punchy on-drive that goes between the bowler and mid-on, the ball wasn't that full but Amla timed it superbly;
7.5;?;Harris to Amla, no run Harris seams the ball into Amla who defends with a straight bat;
7.4;?;Harris to Amla, no run Amla strides forward to defend a good length ball with confidence towards cover point;
7.3;?;Harris to Amla, no run wicket to wicket line of a good length, Amla gets behind the ball by moving across and blocks;
7.2;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, Smith stays in his crease and pushes into the covers;
7.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run short of a length outside off, Smith shoulders arms;
6.6;?;Siddle to Amla, no run left alone outside off stump;
6.6;1nb;Siddle to Amla, (no ball) Siddle over-steps. Amla plays the good length ball back to the bowler who fields on his follow through;
6.5;?;Siddle to Amla, no run good length outside off, Amla shoulders arms;
6.4;W;Siddle to Rudolph, OUT caught behind! South Africa have lost their first. Is this the beginning? Siddle pitches the ball on a great line and length around off, making Rudolph play. He begins to poke at it but then decides to pull his bat out of the way. Too late. The ball seams across the left-hander, kisses the outside edge and is taken by Haddin.;Jacques Rudolph c ?Haddin b Siddle 14 (30m 24b 3x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
6.3;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run Rudolph gets beaten by one that pitches short of a length and seams across him;
6.2;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run good length and straight, defended from the crease on the off side;
6.1;3;Siddle to Smith, 3 runs too full on the pads and Smith drives the ball past Johnson's left at mid-on. Johnson is quick, though and prevents the boundary with a quick chase.;
5.6;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run Rudolph opens the face to guide the ball towards third man but it is intercepted by Hussey at gully;
5.5;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run Smith moves back and plays the ball off his pads through square;
5.4;1;Harris to Rudolph, 1 run played off the back foot wide of mid-on for a quick single;
5.3;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run Rudolph tries to drive a length ball on the up but gets beaten as it angles across him;
5.2;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run good length ball outside off, left alone by the batsman;
5.1;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run driven back to the bowler, mis-timed by Rudolph;
4.6;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith drives again off the front foot, to mid-on this time;
4.5;?;Watson to Smith, no run Smith cracks another full ball but this time to the fielder at cover;
4.4;4;Watson to Smith, FOUR runs shot. Too full and Smith moves forward to drive the ball with power past the fielder at mid-off;
4.3;?;Watson to Smith, no run short of a length delivery angling across the left-hander, Smith lets it go;
4.2;?;Watson to Smith, no run full and straight, Smith pushes off the front foot to mid-on;
4.1;?;Watson to Smith, no run full ball outside off stump, driven to mid off;
3.6;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run short ball to end the over, the batsman ducks;
3.5;4;Siddle to Rudolph, FOUR runs full ball outside off and Rudolph plays a square drive through point, he finds the boundary again;
3.4;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run wicket to wicket line, Rudolph gets behind the ball and blocks;
3.3;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run good length and straight, defended from the crease on the off side;
3.2;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run played from the crease with an open face towards point;
3.1;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run defended on the back foot on the leg side;
2.6;4;Harris to Smith, FOUR runs shot! Full ball and Smith moves forward and drives it straight past the bowler, lots of punch in that stroke;
2.5;?;Harris to Smith, no run Smith gets beaten by a quick one that pitches in line with the stumps and seams across, that was close to the edge;
2.4;?;Harris to Smith, no run defended from the crease towards the bowler;
2.3;?;Harris to Smith, no run Smith gets hit on the thigh by one that pitches outside off and seams into the left-hander, Haddin collects and there are some appeals for caught behind;
2.2;?;Harris to Smith, no run Smith pushes forward and eventually defends outside the line of the ball, that seamed back in a touch and beat the inside edge of the bat;
2.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run short of a length outside off stump, Smith lets it go;
1.6;4;Siddle to Rudolph, FOUR runs full ball outside off, Rudolph plays a fluent cover drive to the boundary;
1.5;4;Siddle to Rudolph, FOUR runs Rudolph opens the face late to guide a good length ball through the gap between gully and third slip;
1.4;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run good length just outside off stump, Rudolph lets it go through to Haddin;
1.3;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run length ball around off stump, Rudolph stays in his crease and plays towards cover point;
1.2;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run Rudolph gets squared up by one that pitches full and seams across the right-hander, the outside edge falls short of gully;
1.1;?;Siddle to Rudolph, no run full and straight, Rudolph drives towards mid-on;
0.6;1;Harris to Rudolph, 1 run full ball a touch too straight, played through midwicket;
0.5;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run Rudolph stays in his crease and plays a good length ball to square leg;
0.4;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run good length ball angling across the left-hander, Rudolph lets it go through to Haddin;
0.3;?;Harris to Rudolph, no run full ball on off stump, played from the crease towards cover;
0.2;1;Harris to Smith, 1 run Smith pushes from his crease at one that bends back into him and gets an inside edge behind square;
0.1;?;Harris to Smith, no run the first ball is down leg side, Haddin moves to his right to collect after Smith misses the glance, that ball swung;

The fourth innings is about to begin. The day started with the first innings in progress. South Africa need 236 to win. They will be utterly pumped with that bowling effort, so I imagine they will apply themselves tremendously to pull off this difficult chase. I wonder what awaits ...
Ryan Harris to open the attack ... three slips and a gully.
 Innings Start