Data
5.00pm Brad Haddin had said Australia were looking to limit quick wickets in the middle and put on a better batting performance in Jaipur after putting up 304 on the board. Safe to say mistakes rectified. Australia's openers laid a solid foundation and their middle order contributed quite heavily to record the first time in ODIs where all of the top five batsmen scored fifties. They were helped, of course, by India's bowlers, including the spinners indulging in short-pitched bowling. George Bailey and Glenn Maxwell's onslaught at the end of the innings took Australia from a good position to one where they can potentially dictate terms for this match, unless India's famed batting works overtime. Join us in around half-an-hour for the India chase.
Harlequin: "Who needs Clarke eh?!"
Ashutosh: "How good a player this bloke Bailey is ? Bats with minimum of fuss. He almost goes under the radar and doesn't gets his due credit like some other guys."
Rama Maganti: "Can you now tell me, which madman has invited Australia for 7 one dayers? This is crucifixion."
49.6;4;Sharma to Bailey, FOUR runs carves it over point to finish the innings with a four to record the highest total in Jaipur. He went for a wide yorker, but Bailey got under it well enough to slam it almost for a six. Replays show the ball bounced just a few inches inside the rope;
49.5;1;Sharma to Haddin, 1 run he pulls the short of a length outside off to deep midwicket to give the strike back to Bailey for the last ball;
49.4;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run gets it in the block hole on middle and Bailey digs it out as the ball goes down to long-on;
49.3;4;Sharma to Bailey, FOUR runs and he bowls a length ball, which enables Bailey to get underneath it and slam the ball wide of the man at deep midwicket.;
49.2;?;Sharma to Bailey, no run runs across to the off side to lift it over the keeper's head for a four, but the slower, full length ball beats him and goes tamely to the keeper;
49.1;2;Sharma to Bailey, 2 runs digs it into the middle of the pitch which gets the ball around head high outside off stump. Bailey tennis-forehands it down the ground to long-on and collects a couple;
48.6;W;Vinay to Voges, OUT the reverse scoop proves fatal for Voges. It was full and outside off, which meant he had to change his shot from the orthodox scoop and he doesnt get enough bat on it to beat Bhuvi at short third man;Adam Voges c Kumar b Vinay Kumar 11 (14m 8b 0x4 1x6) SR: 137.5;
48.5;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run much better as he goes far more fuller this time and Bailey can only mishit it down the ground to collect a single;
48.4;6;Vinay to Bailey, SIX runs length ball with just enough room outside off for Bailey to slam it for a 106 m six over cow corner;
48.3;2;Vinay to Bailey, 2 runs he gets the yorker more right than wrong that time, and Bailey digs it out well enough to reach the man at deep midwicket. Voges, with fresh legs, pulls Bailey through for the second yet another time;
48.2;?;Vinay to Bailey, no run slower bouncer on middle and leg and Bailey is completely beaten as he goes for the pull shot far too early;
48.1;1;Vinay to Voges, 1 run full on leg stump is driven down the ground to wide long-on for a single off the front foot;
47.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run shortish, just a bit outside off and Voges guides it down to third man;
47.5;6;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, SIX runs oh, that was pure wristwork from Voges. It was the full toss on middle stump and he steps forward and just shovels it over the square leg boundary. That looked effortless;
47.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, 1 run on a length again and Bailey doesnt connect as well as he had done over the course of this innings, so the ball lands short of the man at long-on;
47.3;2;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, 2 runs and Voges turns one into two to get the big-hitting Bailey back on strike. It was a length ball on middle and he carves it through to deep midwicket. But Voges had put his head down and raced up and down the pitch well before the throw came in;
47.2;4;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, FOUR runs full toss outside off and Bailey has a giant stride forward and slams it over the head of cover and with no one back behind him, it goes off for a four;
47.1;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run fuller on middle, but the batsman still goes back, opens his front leg and slogs it through wide mid on;
46.6;4;Ashwin to Bailey, FOUR runs tossed it up well wide outside off, but Bailey sees it, comes down the track and nails it through the gap between cover and mid-off;
46.5;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run ducks in low as he pushes it through outside off stump. Bailey was trying to cut but he can't get low enough connect;
46.4;6;Ashwin to Bailey, SIX runs pause and deliver only allowes Bailey that much more time to line it up and smash it over cow corner. It was the length ball on middle stump which is never any trouble in the death;
46.3;1lb;Ashwin to Voges, 1 leg bye Voges the new batsman employs the reverse sweep, but the ball goes off his thigh pad down to fine leg instead;
46.2;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run charges the offspinner darted at off stump and drives it strongly down the ground to long-off;
46.1;1;Ashwin to Voges, 1 run and he uses the straighter one, which is dabbed into the off side;
45.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Voges, 1 run length ball on middle is worked away through midwicket for a single;
45.5;W;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, 1 run, OUT and the low full toss materialises in his search for a yorker. But oh dear, both batsmen are at the bowler's end. Bailey had drilled it to long-off where Raina was lurking. Maxwell saw him, waited a bit and then ecided he would steal a second off him on the throw and raced down the pitch, but Bailey had his hand up yelling No. But it was too late;Glenn Maxwell run out (Raina/Kumar/?Dhoni) 53 (36m 32b 7x4 1x6) SR: 165.62;
45.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run Bhuvi attacks a line outside off stump for his best attempt at a yorker, but the batsman pushes it down the ground for a single;
45.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Bailey, 1 run slog off the back foot to the length ball on off stump. Long on moves to his right to tidy up;
45.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run fuller length again and homing on middle and leg, but Maxwell whips it away through midwicket for a single;
45.1;2;Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 2 runs and starts off with a useful yorker, but it is hardly threatening as Maxwell pushes it down the ground and exploits the slowness of the fielder at long on to rush back and reach his fifty off only 30 balls.;
44.6;4;Sharma to Bailey, FOUR runs more lacklustre death bowling from India. After following a wide with a wide, he follows a full toss with a full toss. He slams it over midwicket this time for the same result. And its fifty for Bailey;
44.5;4;Sharma to Bailey, FOUR runs yorker gone wrong again. Thigh-high full toss on off stump is heaved away wide of long-on. Australia are rampaging with these two at the crease;
44.4;1;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run yorker outside the off stump and Maxwell uses the open face to steer it to deep point;
44.4;1w;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 wide and again. Maxwell was on his knees this time, hoping to exploit the vacant area at deep fine leg, but he would need a ten foot pole to have reached that;
44.4;1w;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 wide the leg stump line continues and even with Maxwell going for a wild slog over the top of short fine leg, the ball was too wide to connect;
44.3;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run full toss on leg stump and he's very luck to get away with that. The man at fine leg is safe this time and there was even a possible chance of a run out, but Maxwell was too quick;
44.2;1;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run this time he has a lot more room to work with and he's not happy after the ball was flayed only as far as deep point;
44.1;4;Sharma to Maxwell, FOUR runs goes for the yorker on off stump, but Maxwell has immense balance at the crease and drills the ball to the right of the man at extra cover;
43.6;1;Vinay to Maxwell, 1 run tries the yorker, but misses it by a few inches. Maxwell jams the ball onto his pad, looking to hoick it away, but they sneak a quick single;
43.5;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs Jumps down the track, makes ample room for himself and smashes the leg cutter over the infield on the off side. And with all the men in the deep on the other side of the ground, there was no question where that ball was headed;
43.4;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run mows the fullish ball on leg stump through midwicket, it was an ugly slog and he wears a wry smile as he jogs through for a single;
43.3;1;Vinay to Maxwell, 1 run the length ball outside off is dabbed to third man, as it has been easily done all innings;
43.2;4lb;Vinay to Maxwell, 4 leg byes he shuffles across to the off side, wanting to turn the ball behind square on the leg side, but doesn't connect. Australia don't complain though as the ball runs away for four, even as the Indians appeal for lbw;
43.1;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs turns that into a full toss with a little skip down the wicket and all he does is pierces the off side ring to collect another boundary;
42.6;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run tossed up and the batsman reaches forward and pushes into the off side;
42.5;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs And Maxwell gets into the act. Length ball on off stump is dragged onto the leg side with a powerful short-armed pull shot;
42.4;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run better there as he flights the ball and Bailey comes forward and pushes through the covers;
42.3;6;Jadeja to Bailey, SIX runs on middle stump and Bailey employs the slog sweep to excellent effect. The ball is lifted over midwicket boundary. 87m six as Australia are motoring along;
42.2;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run little room on offer and Maxwell makes some of his own to cut it to deep point;
42.1;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run fuller ball to which the batsman comes forward and drives to long-on;
41.6;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs dropped Length ball, angling on the pads meets a crisp pick-up shot from Maxwell. Bhuvi was coming in off the boundary and suddenle realises he has to go back and the ball bounces off his palms and into the boundary;
41.5;4;Vinay to Maxwell, FOUR runs slopping from Ashwin, he's leaking runs in the field to add to his woeful time with the ball. Vinay's in dipper snuck low off the pitch and Maxwell was almost beaten, but his flick somehow managed to get enough bat to head straight to fine leg, where Ashwin doesn't get down low enough;
41.4;?;Vinay to Maxwell, no run makes a little room to try and cut the ball, but there wasn't enough room there for him and point backpeddles to collect the ball;
41.3;1;Vinay to Bailey, 1 run chops the length ball outside off to third man to rotate strike;
41.2;1;Vinay to Maxwell, 1 run in compensation, he doesn't even pitch the ball this time as Maxwell drills this through midwicket;
41.1;2;Vinay to Maxwell, 2 runs lazy work from India there. Maxwell flicks the shortish ball off his pads to deep square leg but a bad throw from the deep and Dhoni was lax as well, trying to collect it with one hand and the deflection off his glove allows the batsmen to steal a second;
40.6;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run goes back and cuts the length ball to deep point;
40.5;?;Jadeja to Maxwell, no run quicker ball from Jadeja and Maxwell catches on to it, going back and meeting it with a straight bat;
40.4;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run length ball is pushed down the ground for a single;
40.3;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run returns to an on off stump line and the batsman keeps it out;
40.2;4;Jadeja to Bailey, FOUR runs swept again, all along the ground and well wide of Ashwin at short fine leg. Jadeja pushed it through on leg stump but Bailey gets more than enough bat on it;
40.1;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run no turn for Jadeja this time and Maxwell works the angle to nudge to to midwicket;
39.6;1;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run goes back and across and just lets the ball, pitched on the shorter side, guide off the open face of his bat to third man;
39.5;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run a little early into the drive that time and Maxwell had to evade the ball as it came at him. Bailey was looking to drive through the covers on the up, but the ball goes down to long-on;
39.4;6;Sharma to Bailey, SIX runs another slower ball, but this has been spotted and dispatched. Made a little room for himself and launched into a full-blooded drive over the top of the bowler;
39.3;1;Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run gets forward and nudges the full length ball straight of midwicket to pick up an easy single;
39.2;?;Sharma to Maxwell, no run looked to dab that fine of third man and collect another boundary, but it was the off cutter from Ishant. There wouldn't have been enough pace on it even if Maxwell had managed to get bat on it;
39.1;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run full and angling in on leg stump, but Bailey produces a simple, straight bat to drive it to the right of the bowler;
38.6;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run tossed it up a little and Bailey is happy to work it through the covers off his front foot;
38.5;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run gets forward and pushes it down the ground for a single;
38.4;4;Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR runs full and flat on off stump and its the reverse this time. Short third man reluctantly jogs after it because it was struck so well he had no chance of stopping it;
38.3;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run;
38.2;1;Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run loses his line that time as Maxwell waits for it on the back foot and flicks it through midwicket;
38.1;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run steady flat darts from Jadeja allows Bailey to get back and punch into the covers;
37.6;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run scurries back leg side of the ball, pitched just outside off, as he waits for it to turn and cuts it to point;
37.5;6;Ashwin to Maxwell, SIX runs pitched on leg and turning further, Maxwell goes down on one knee and smashes the ball over the fine leg boundary with a powerful sweep shot;
37.4;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run sees the ball full on middle and works it off his pads to midwicket;
37.3;?;Ashwin to Maxwell, no run flighted at 77kph outside the off stump and Maxwell presses forward and pushes it into the off side;
37.2;W;Ashwin to Hughes, OUT and he finally strikes, although only just. Dhoni had to juggle it a few times to keep the ball in his gloves. A little turn outside the off stump forces the edge to be taken off the intended cut shot from Hughes. He isn't too happy with the decision though. There was a big edge though;Phillip Hughes c ?Dhoni b Ashwin 83 (147m 103b 8x4 1x6) SR: 80.58;
37.1;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run flights it a little better this time and gets a little turn because of it, but Hughes having played back to cut it, misses;
36.6;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run he goes back in his crease and works it off his pads to deep midwicket;
36.5;1;Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run gets forward and pushes the flatter length ball through the covers for a single;
36.4;6;Jadeja to Bailey, SIX runs No nudging this time though. 92 kph ball on off stump is met with a smart skip down the track and lofted over the bowler's head. Rohit Sharma at long-off was interested for a second or so before he watched it sail over his head;
36.3;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run chips down the track and nudges the flatter ball into the off side;
36.2;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run;
36.1;?;Jadeja to Bailey, no run darts in on middle and he goes back to keep it out;
35.6;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run short of length just outside off, the batsman steers it to third man for a single;
35.5;4;Sharma to Bailey, FOUR runs it was looking like a good over till now, but then he delivers a length delivery on off, the batsman goes for a golf swing over the bowler's head for a one-bounce four;
35.4;1;Sharma to Hughes, 1 run slightly slower from Ishant, Hughes wanted to clip it behind square on the leg side, but has to adjust late and he drops it towards the left of the bowler for a single;
35.3;?;Sharma to Hughes, no run it's a bouncer and it's a decent one, Hughes aims for the pull, but it eludes the bat;
35.2;1;Sharma to Bailey, 1 run Dhawan hits the stumps from cover, he only had one stump to aim at and they are reviewing it. It's all safe in the end. Bailey had nudged that length delivery towards cover point for a quick single;
35.1;?;Sharma to Bailey, no run he bowls length outside off, Bailey comes forward and pushes it to cover;
34.6;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run slightly shorter, but the batsman punches it straight to cover;
34.5;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run good accurate bowling this, the batsman comes forward and defends it back down the pitch;
34.4;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run quicker delivery from round the wicket, Hughes pushes it to midwicket;
34.3;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run he charges down to launch it over the sight screen, but ends up slicing it over cover, some brownie points for Ashwin for beating the batsman there;
34.2;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run it's slightly on the pads, Hughes clips it to backward square leg for a single;
34.1;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run quicker delivery on off, the batsman defends it off the back foot;
33.6;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run it's a low full toss, but Hughes keeps the strike with a calm nudge to long on;
33.5;1;Yuvraj to Bailey, 1 run fulller delivery, Bailey gives the strike back to Hughes with an easy push to long off;
33.4;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run now he comes forward and dabs it to the off side for a quick single;
33.3;4;Yuvraj to Hughes, FOUR runs oh this is so well-placed! It doesn't look pretty on the eye, but he places that short delivery sweetly in the gap at wide long on;
33.2;4;Yuvraj to Hughes, FOUR runs fires it full and wide outside off, with the amount of time Hughes has spent in the middle, he had all the time to carve it through extra cover, easy runs;
33.1;1;Yuvraj to Bailey, 1 run full and flighted outside off, Bailey eases it to long off;
32.6;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run tossed up delivery, he comes forwards and pushes it to the bowler;
32.5;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run cramps him for room, Hughes defends it back to the bowler again;
32.4;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run pushed through a touch quicker, the batsman goes back and defends it;
32.3;1;Ashwin to Bailey, 1 run good bowling this by Ashwin, bowls it slower and on the stumps, the batsman pushes it down to long on;
32.2;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run pushed through outside off this time, the batsman punches it back to hte bowler;
32.1;?;Ashwin to Bailey, no run tossed up full outside off, the batsman pushes it to midwicket off the front foot;
31.6;W;Vinay to Watson, OUT he has disappeared trying to up the rate! It was a short of length delivery outside off and Watson tries to power it over long on with a flat-bat hammer hit, but ends up hitting it high rather than long, it descends at long on where Ishant takes a well-judged catch;Shane Watson c Sharma b Vinay Kumar 59 (60m 53b 6x4 3x6) SR: 111.32;
31.5;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run oh this one is nicely played, some finesse here. He waits in the crease and opens the face at the last moment to run the length delivery down to third man;
31.4;4;Vinay to Hughes, FOUR runs now he chooses his favourite, the short ball, and gets hammered with a powerful pull through deep midwicket, it just bounces inside the boundary;
31.3;4;Vinay to Hughes, FOUR runs it was a length ball, but Hughes creates room by moving his front leg out and crashing it through point, where Yuvraj ends up moving to the wrong side and allowing the boundary;
31.2;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run length delivery, the batsman waits on the back foot and cuts it straight to the man at point;
31.1;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run starts off with a back of length delivery on the stumps, Hughes defends it to midwicket;
30.6;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run tossed up full and on the stumps, the batsman comes forward now and nudges it through midwicket for a single;
30.5;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run he is playing everything from the back foot, fails to beat the man at cover again;
30.4;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run very slow this time, allows the batsman to go back, but he punches it to cover;
30.3;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run this is better, conventional delivery on off, the batsman defends it to cover;
30.2;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run goes back and punches the shorter length delivery down the ground to long on;
30.1;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs oh welcome! long hop is what Watson has been hitting well, so long hop it will be.. Watson sends it into the crowds through deep midwicket;
29.6;4;Vinay to Hughes, FOUR runs he had to bowl one extra ball in the this over and he chooses to go short, Hughes has no problems in putting this away to the deep midwicket boundary for four more;
29.5;1;Vinay to Watson, 1 run short of length on off, this time Watson pushes it softly towards mid-off and calls early for a single;
29.4;?;Vinay to Watson, no run he stands tall and drives this length delivery on the up, but mid-off is inside the circle;
29.4;1w;Vinay to Watson, 1 wide he drifts down the leg side and it's duly called a wide;
29.3;?;Vinay to Watson, no run length delivery on off, the batsman punches it to midwicket off the front foot;
29.2;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run slightly short of length outside off, 127 kph, Hughes drags it to deep square leg with a horizontal bat shot;
29.1;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run bowls fuller length on off, the batsman tries to punch it to the leg side, but inside edges it on to his pads;
28.6;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run pushed through on off, Hughes calmly punches it to deep cover off the back foot;
28.5;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run flatter and shorter on the stumps, Watson goes down on his knee and swipes across the line to hit it to deep midwicket;
28.4;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run it's shorter again and it allows Hughes to get back well in time and cut it to deep point;
28.3;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run tossed up delivery from round the stumps, gets some turn as well, better delivery, Hughes defends it off the front foot;
28.2;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run it's short, but it's quick too, Watson pulls it to wide long on to bring up his fifty now. How quickly has he got there without anyone noticing..;
28.1;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run he gives him the charge straightaway, but the length is not there, Watson hits it straight to midwicket;
27.6;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run lots of loop in this one, Watson drives it firmly along the ground to long off;
27.5;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run this one is not short at all, but Watson chooses late cut, chops it to backward point;
27.4;4;Yuvraj to Watson, FOUR runs only slightly shorter and Watson is quick to spot the length and cuts it hard to the off side. Vinay makes a valiant attempt, but just ends up parrying the ball to the boundary;
27.3;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run he comes forward and defends it solidly to the off side;
27.2;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run tossed up delivery outside off and Hughes, in his own weird style, mows it over midwicket, it doesn't go very far though;
27.1;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run it's flighted and almost yorker length, but Watson punches it with ease to long on;
26.6;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run on the pads and Watson drops it on the leg side for a single;
26.5;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run shorter on off, but slightly quicker, Hughes goes back and punches it down the ground to long on;
26.4;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run quicker delivery on off, Watson waits on the back foot and dabs it to cover point for a single;
26.3;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run opens the face and runs it down to backward point;
26.2;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run he takes a big forward stride and smothers in on the pitch;
26.1;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run fired on the off stump, the batsman nudges it through wide mid-on for a single;
25.6;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run slower delivery on the pads, Hughes calmly nudges it behind square on the leg side to bring his half-century;
25.5;1;Yuvraj to Watson, 1 run flatter this time, the batsman stays in the crease and punches it with ease to long on;
25.4;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run fuller and on off, the batsman tries to push it to cover, but gets an inside edge;
25.3;4;Yuvraj to Watson, FOUR runs tossed up and full, Watson takes a tiny step forward and drives it firmly over extra cover.. beautifully hit;
25.2;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run tossed up delivery on the pads, he dabs it to the left of midwicket for a single;
25.1;4;Yuvraj to Hughes, FOUR runs he draws the outside edge with an arm-ball, but the slip is on the leg side, this one just runs down quickly to the boundary;
24.6;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run fuller on off, the batsman comes forwards and bunts it on the crease;
24.5;6;Jadeja to Watson, SIX runs oh he is in some mood, he just lifts this tossed up delivery over the head of the bowler. For a second Ashwin at long off was interested, but it clears him with ease;
24.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run fuller and straighter this time, Watson defends it down the pitch;
24.3;4;Jadeja to Watson, FOUR runs only slightly short, just slightly, Watson goes deep and mows it to the same area he has been peppering in the last few overs. The fielder had no chance;
24.2;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run quicker and fired on the pads, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
24.1;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run tossed up and full, Hughes plays it with the spin towards midwicket for a single;
23.6;?;Yuvraj to Watson, no run full and flighted, driven back to the bowler;
23.5;4;Yuvraj to Watson, FOUR runs another short ball, these are gifts being served to Watson and it's not his birthday..it's Kallis'.. He hammers it to deep midwicket boundary;
23.4;1;Yuvraj to Hughes, 1 run tossed up and full, Hughes neatly tucks it to deep midwicket for a single;
23.3;?;Yuvraj to Hughes, no run pushed through on middle and off line, Hughes tucks it to square leg;
23.2;?;Yuvraj to Hughes, no run bowls the arm ball now, Hughes stays in the crease and defends;
23.1;?;Yuvraj to Hughes, no run bowls a tossed up delivery on off, Hughes defends to point;
22.6;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run Hughes does the same, he goes back and clips it behind square on the leg side for a single;
22.5;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run shorter this time, allows Watson time to go back and nudge it to square leg;
22.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run gets one to spin from leg stump, the batsman gets a leading edge towards off as he tries to turn it to midwicket;
22.3;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run bowl it full and on the stumps, Watson comes forward and defends it to midwicket;
22.2;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run shorter this time, the batsman stays in the crease and punches it to long on;
22.1;?;Jadeja to Hughes, no run pushed through on off, the batsman comes forward and defends;
21.6;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run now bowls a conventional delivery outside off, the batsman defends;
21.5;4;Ashwin to Watson, FOUR runs there was a fielder at deep midwicket, but he could just see this fly 5 feet away from him. It was short and it was slapped hard to the boundary. Lots of short and filthy deliveries from Ashwin;
21.4;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs it was that straighter one again, on the pads though, and it's nudged fine on the leg side for a couple;
21.3;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run tossed up delivery outside off, the batsman waits on the back foot and pushes it to deep cover;
21.2;1;Ashwin to Watson, 1 run another short one, Watson goes deep in the crease and flat-bats that along the ground to deep midwicket;
21.1;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run flatter and quicker on the stumps, Watson defends it back down the pitch;
20.6;6;Jadeja to Hughes, SIX runs he comes down the track and gives it a mightly swipe, it goes over deep midwicket for a six to bring up the team's 100;
20.5;?;Jadeja to Hughes, no run;
20.4;?;Jadeja to Hughes, no run there is trouble for Watson, he has run halfway down the pitch while Hughes didn't move at all after playing it to short third man. The throw was wild though, it went the midwicket;
20.3;2;Jadeja to Hughes, 2 runs on the pads, it is easily flicked fine, past the leg slip fielder, for a couple of runs;
20.2;2;Jadeja to Hughes, 2 runs flatter and turns into the batsman, who waits and pushes it to wide long on for a couple;
20.1;?;Jadeja to Hughes, no run waits on the back foot and chops it on straight to point;
19.6;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run flatter this time, the batsman defends it to midwicket;
19.5;2;Ashwin to Watson, 2 runs now he pushes it along with the turn to deep midwicket for a couple;
19.4;6;Ashwin to Watson, SIX runs now he bowls a long hop, you can't expect to give away anything less than six on those ones. Watson smashes it flat, over the deep midwicket fielder;
19.3;?;Ashwin to Watson, no run fuller delivery on off stump, Watson plays it with turn towards midwicket;
19.2;1;Ashwin to Hughes, 1 run slower and a lot of turn on this one, Hughes waits and tries to cut it, but ends up scooping it towards point, not in control at all, it just drops short of the fielder;
19.1;?;Ashwin to Hughes, no run pushed through on off stump, the batsman defends it to point;
18.6;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run again pushed to cover, slightly aerial this time, but all in control;
18.5;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run fuller delivery on the middle stump line, the batsman opens the face and plays it towards cover;
18.4;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run similar delivery now to Hughes and he pushes it to long on for another easy run;
18.3;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run slower, fuller and on the stumps, Watson comes forward and eases it to long off for a single;
18.2;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run flatter and shorter on stumps, the batsman punches it back to the bowler;
18.1;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run tossed up delivery on the stumps, the batsman turns it to deep midwicket for a single;
17.6;?;Vinay to Watson, no run slightly fuller, Watson comes forward and plays a punchy drive down the ground, but Ishant at mid-off cuts it off;
17.5;?;Vinay to Watson, no run keeps it accurate on off stump, the batsman comes forward and defends;
17.4;?;Vinay to Watson, no run he is committed to bowl short of length today, Watson defends this one back to the bowler;
17.3;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run ah, another shortish delivery on the pads and Hughes wanted to whack it to the deep square leg boundary, but doesn't get hold of it completely, ends up playing it to fine leg;
17.2;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run fuller length on off, it invited the drive and Hughes crunches it off the front foot, but straight to cover;
17.1;?;Vinay to Hughes, no run length delivery on off, the batsman pushes it to midwicket;
16.6;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run shuffles across to the off side again and works the ball around the deep square leg;
16.5;1;Jadeja to Watson, 1 run gets right to the pitch of this one with his reach and drives it to long-on;
16.4;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run more turn for Jadeja, who flights this a little bit more and draws Watson forward. The ball beats the edge and Dhoni asks for a stumping, but there is nothing there;
16.3;?;Jadeja to Watson, no run angled on leg stump and turns just a little, which Watson is wary of as he defends straight down the line of it;
16.2;1;Jadeja to Hughes, 1 run plods his front foot right across to the off stump and sweeps the fullish ball to deep fine leg;
16.1;?;Jadeja to Hughes, no run not too much flight, but he comes forward and defends back to Jadeja;
15.6;?;Vinay to Watson, no run opens the face of the bat as he steers the back of a length ball outside off stump to point;
15.5;?;Vinay to Watson, no run fullish and on middle which is blocked solidly back to the bowler;
15.4;4;Vinay to Watson, FOUR runs And he gets off the mark with a four. Streaky though it was. The ball was outside off and its length ensured the cut shot was on, but the ball leaps up above where the slips would have been and goes to the fence;
15.3;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run this time the direct hit leaks runs. Hughes tucks the ball off his hips and the square leg did well to get to the ball, but Watson was well back in his crease leaving very little need for the throw;
15.2;W;Vinay to Finch, OUT Raina does the trick with the bowlers hardly looking likely to get the wicket. Finch dabbed it to the covers off the back foot and set off for a quick single, but even as he stretched out to make his ground, the throw had already broken the stumps;Aaron Finch run out (Raina) 50 (64m 53b 7x4 1x6) SR: 94.33;
15.1;6;Vinay to Finch, SIX runs reaches his fifty with a six over deep square leg. The ball was dug in quite short, but Finch made no effort to keep it down even if there was a man patrolling the boundary. Confident strike.;
14.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run shorter than usual from Bhuvi and a little bit of room too. Hughes was looking for that, but his rasping cut shot only goes as far as point;
14.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run on a good length and its pushed down the ground to mid-off;
14.4;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run fuller and homing in on middle and leg, driven down the ground to long-on;
14.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run strays on the pads this time, though on a fuller length, and is clipped through square leg;
14.2;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run fuller again this time he places it a little wide of the man at mid-off, but he comes up quickly to force both batsmen to rush back into their crease and abandon thoughts of a single;
14.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run fuller length around the off stump corridor, to which Hughes stays in the crease and drives it to mid-off;
13.6;?;Vinay to Finch, no run steers the back of a length ball to point off a strong back foot push;
13.5;?;Vinay to Finch, no run takes the outside half of the bat as he goes back to defend the short of a length ball on off stump;
13.4;2;Vinay to Finch, 2 runs this one pitched on middle and wasn't too short, but at Vinay's pace, it is still easy enough to rick back and pull strongly in front of square.;
13.3;?;Vinay to Finch, no run oh, he almost dragged that onto his stumps. It didnt have enough room for the pull shot, though it was short enough. The ball takes the bottom edge and skirts just wide of the off stump;
13.2;4;Vinay to Finch, FOUR runs oh, he finds the gap through the off side. The ball was on a similar length as the last one, but there was possibly just a hint more room. Finch stays leg side of it and meets it with a full-flowing drive that beats the diving man at short extra cover.;
13.1;?;Vinay to Finch, no run good lines here from Vinay. Full length ball on off stump which forces the batsman to meet it with a defensive bat on the front foot;
12.6;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run fuller and on the off stump corridor as Finch presses forward and pushes it down to long-off;
12.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run shortish ball, but FInch was coming on to the front foot and slaps it down the ground but the bowler moves across in his follow through and fields it to prevent any runs;
12.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run opens the face on impact to steer this shortish ball on off stump to point;
12.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run just a tad bit slower, 124kph, and fuller as Finch flows into a front foot cover drive. But the fielder is on hand to stop it;
12.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run nudged off his pads to deep square leg as the fuller length ball is picked off to deep square leg;
12.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run;
11.6;?;Vinay to Finch, no run this one seams back in from outside off and Finch, looking to cut, had to adjust at the last minute and chop it to point;
11.5;4;Vinay to Finch, FOUR runs tries another short ball, but Finch is far more equipped to handle this one. He is still at the crease, pushes his weight ball and hooks the ball quite well to beat the man at deep square leg;
11.4;?;Vinay to Finch, no run explores a fuller length and he's driven quite strongly down the ground off the front foot;
11.3;1;Vinay to Hughes, 1 run oh, that surprised him. He was coming down the track and Vinay digs this one into the middle of the pitch. Hughes is caught off guard as he hooks and the ball goes in the air to vacant square leg region. Good bowling there;
11.2;1;Vinay to Finch, 1 run this time he is ready for the ball, in case it keeps low, and pushes it down the ground confidently;
11.1;?;Vinay to Finch, no run oops, that kept low! It was nowhere near full of length and Finch was justified in going back, but the ball is only around shin high and he just manages to get his bat in line;
10.6;4;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, FOUR runs a swift spare of runs in the last couple of overs. Ishant bowls this way outside the line of leg stump and Hughes did well to reach it and even better to flick it well to the left of the man at deep fine leg;
10.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run and the only change up to that plan is when the bowler goes on the pads, and is easily picked away to deep fine leg;
10.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run shortish and outside off, been a staple length today and Finch pulls out his favourite shot of the morning, punchint it to extra;
10.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run tiniest bit of away movement as Finch goes back and blocks the fullish ball;
10.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run this time he is on the pads and Highes only has to work it off to fine leg and jog a single;
10.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run forays down the track, but Bhuvi offers no room to exploit as Hughes pushes it down the ground to mid-on;
9.6;?;Sharma to Finch, no run better from Finch as he gets back in line behind the ball pitched outside off and on a shortish length and pushes it to mid-off;
9.5;?;Sharma to Finch, no run that one jags back in to beat Finch's cut shot. It was back of a length, but not too wide outside off to merit the shot;
9.4;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs and there's evidence of how well he is punching the ball. Stands up as tall as he can get and smacks it straight of the man at mid-off who can only escort it to the boundary;
9.3;3;Sharma to Hughes, 3 runs flicked off his pads as Ishant angles a full length ball on leg stump. The ball is timed sweetly through square leg;
9.2;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run dropped. Short and wide and Finch goes for the full blooded cut. It didn't look as well timed as his back foot punches and it was also hit in the air. Yuvraj, at point, leaps full length to his left and gets both hands to it as the ball dips on him, but it pops out;
9.1;2;Sharma to Finch, 2 runs a little in dip there, but easily negotiated as Finch calmly tucks it behind square to deep fine leg off the back foot to collect a couple;
8.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run fuller length on middle but Hughes remains back on the crease as he pushes it down the ground;
8.5;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run this time he whips the back of a length ball from outside off stump, and places it to the right of the man at short midwicket;
8.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run another strong back foot punch from Finch as Bhuvi keeps it shortish and outside off;
8.3;1;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, 1 run and to the left hander, he strays on the pads. India have struggled to keep up a steady line. Hughes happily picks it off to deep fine leg to camp at the non-strikers';
8.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run punches the good length ball on off stump down the ground. Bhuvi pulls out another dive, which goes in vain as long-off comes up to do the formalities;
8.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run bowls back of a length, but on a tight middle stump line. Finch goes across to his off stump and nudges it to Ashwin at short midwicket;
7.6;1;Sharma to Finch, 1 run this time he waits for it a little more and beats point, but third man being quite square proves handy. Ishant continues to keep it shortish and wide outside off.;
7.5;?;Sharma to Finch, no run chops the good length ball outside off straight to point, and he looked disappointed with his effort;
7.4;4;Sharma to Finch, FOUR runs short ball at 136 kph, but it did not rise high enough to trouble the batsman. Finch dragged it from outside off, rolled his wrists once again to keep it down and slammed it through midwicket for a powerful four;
7.3;?;Sharma to Finch, no run goes off the outside half of the bat as ishant homes in on top of off stump. Finch was looking to block it, but tried angling the face of the bat on impact;
7.2;?;Sharma to Finch, no run fuller and a lot more tighter on off stump which forces Finch to come forward and block it back to Ishant;
7.1;?;Sharma to Finch, no run short and a little width offered, but Finch's cut though powerful is not placed well enough to beat point;
6.6;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run on the pads again, but it doesn't cost him considering the field is set there. Hughes' clip off the pads only reaches as far as midwicket;
6.5;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run this time his line is back around the off stump, which makes the batsman invest in the straight bat. Defends down the ground;
6.4;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run flicks off his pad as the fuller length ball is pushed through midwicket;
6.3;?;Bhuvneshwar to Hughes, no run;
6.2;1;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, 1 run he goes across to the off stump and nudges it straight of midwicket. It was a length ball and having hit the gap the batsmen collect the single;
6.1;?;Bhuvneshwar to Finch, no run he's on the off stump corridor, on the shortish side which allows Finch to go back and defend;

Only the lone slip now, with a short fine leg
 Innings Start
What a day for the batsmen it has been? The series is now 1-1 and it moves to Mohali for the third match. We will be back with our match coverage then. In the meantime, Abhishek Purohit is getting his match report together and will be available on the site soon. Thanks for all your comments and feedback. It's Devashish Fuloria and Alagappan Muthu signing off. Ciao ciao.
Presentation
Rohit Sharma is the Man of the Match: "It was very important for me to play the big innings. It took a long time coming, but I would like to say that the hardwork never stopped. I wanted to bat throughout the innings, I agree that I have played some stupid shots to get out, but this was much needed. Both Shikhar and I understood the pitch and managed the chase, and Virat came and played a strong innings and his innings needs a mention as much as any."
MS Dhoni: "I think this is one of the best you can see, irrespective of the field restrictions and the pitch, it was still a tall chase. I told them not to look at the target and just go and play. Shikhar batted very well, Kohli was amazing, Rohit got a big knock. It was an ideal pitch, fast outfield, but you need to keep the shape as a batsman, that's what they did well. Our batting is looking good, but it's unfair to assume the batsmen are going to chase a 300+ target everytime. Most of our guys have played international cricket, but most of them don't have the experience of a Yuvraj Singh who has played over 250 matches, what you have to do is to be aggressive, but what is important is that you don't have to slog, you have to maintain good shape. Bowling, we need to improve. The reason is that if you attempt a yorker and it becomes a low full toss, it's fine, but if it becomes a waist-high full toss, then the margin is too much. It's one area we are looking to improve."
George Bailey: "I don't know, I am not sure what to feel at the moment. Obviously, it was some awesome batting. They did it pretty comfortably in the end. Everything we tried the ball seemed to go further and harder. You think the pitch is a beauty? [chuckles]. There are always things you can do differently, but there are no second chances."



Bhardwaj DSS: "In this age, when there is so much cricket being played, so many different formats, when you find it difficult to remember who played last night or who one that series or this match and how, it must definitely mean something that we remember many of Virat Kohli's knocks! Magnificent."
sandyk: "SO the prophecy is true. Home team never loses in Jaipur!!!. After first innings i was wondering its the home team of Watson"
Shikhar Dhawan: "We started off very well and once we got the momentum, we just carried on. Both (Rohit and Dhawan) are doing a good job for the country. We didn't want to play rash shots early, we opened up only later. I am happy for Rohit that he got the century today, because he was playing well in the last few months."
Leon Soares: "The score summary for India will read as Dhawan with the lowest score in the team sheet today! How about scoring 95 and ending up there!"
Virat Kohli: "I kept telling Rohit that it was his day today, but i kept hitting the ball very well. I didn't bat in the nets yesterday, just had a few throw downs. I wasn't worried about the short-pitched stuff, i pulled a few of them early and then they started bowling half-volleys. Rohit is the best of the young lot that we have and he is the most dangerous T20 player, so it was a privilege to watch him from the other end."
keshav: "Virat Kohli is an untamed beast! Has he ever heard of something called the 'bad patch' or 'out of form'! Definitely in the line of classy players like Ponting and Sachin to whom form doesn't matter as they are perennially in it."
This has been some hitting festival! This is so wrong, India winning this match by nine wickets (nine wickets!!), with six and a half overs to spare, who would have thought that at the mid-innings break? Shikhar Dhawan started it, Rohit Sharma held it together and Virat Kohli just ran away with it. India have squared up the seven match series with one of the most unbelievable chases in ODIs. Bailey has the same expression as mine.. He is at loss of words. Let's not take away anything from Australia who put that strong total up in the first place - their top five all scoring effortless half-centuries, but this was one of those days when you get a high, then get hurt later with a bigger blow. The pitch played out very true and it was a nightmare for the bowlers overall. But the Kohli century, it was exquisite, and made the chase completely one-sided in the end. It was very similar to how he handled another 300+ chase against Sri Lanka in Feb 2012, in Australia.
Suresh Saka: "This opening pair of Shikar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma is here to stay. Similarities there between Sehwag and Gambhir, but here lefty Shikar is the aggressor and righty Rohit the anchorman."
Jagger: "One can only wonder what match-winning deeds Harris, Pattinson, Bird, Siddle, Cummins, McDermott, Starc et al would have produced on this wicket. I thought something fishy was going on when Bailey and Hughes looked like world-beaters."
Prathab Kumar: "Did someone notice that out top 6 successful chases, Australia were at the receiving end in 5 matches...!!!???? (That must really be a record)"
Chandra: "Can we swap this result to the 2003 WC final as Australia's scores are same?"
43.3;4;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs another low full toss on the pads, and this is flicked to the boundary again.. Geez... how many more to score? Oh, this is over! Six and a half overs to spare. I am gobsmacked;
43.2;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs well, what can i say! It's a low full toss and it's smashed with the ease of driving a bicycle on an airstrip.. i don't know what to say really.. this is over the cow corner;
43.1;4;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs where are the fielders! this was a mere push through cover and there is no one in the deep, four more.. This is wrong, so wrong;
42.6;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he drives this one through cover for a single;
42.5;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run he gets the fastest ODI century by an Indian, the seventh fastest ever, with a delicate dab to point. the whole ground erupts, Kohli's teammates erupt.It's his 16th 100 as well;
42.4;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run he cuts this straight to point, smiles everywhere..;
42.3;6;Doherty to Kohli, SIX runs clears his front leg out and smashes the tossed up delivery from leg stump to over cow corner;
42.2;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run comes down the pitch, but the bowler pulls the length back and Kohli has to defend;
42.1;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he takes a forward step and eases it to long off for a single;
41.6;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run tossed up delivery, it's driven to extra cover for a quick single;
41.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run comes down the pitch and punches the quicker delivery down the ground to long off;
41.4;4;Maxwell to Kohli, FOUR runs and this time he goes over the infield on the off side, more of a slice, but there is no protection in the deep. Four more.. Geeeez;
41.3;6;Maxwell to Kohli, SIX runs comes down the pitch, Maxwell saw him and bowled it quick, but it doesn't matter because Kohli launches it over cow corner with ease;
41.2;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run flighted on the pads, easily driven to midwicket with a wristy flick;
41.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run he comes down the pitch and pushes the full delivery to long on for a single;
40.6;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run and he is not keen to take a run at all, that is fourth dot ball in the over as Rohit defends it to off;
40.5;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run more solid defence from Rohit, he is no hurry;
40.4;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run more flight this time, Rohit leans forward and pushes it to cover;
40.3;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run against all odds, Rohit defends this tossed up delivery calmly;
40.2;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run comes out of the pitch again, but this time slaps it firmly down to long on;
40.1;4;Doherty to Kohli, FOUR runs it doesn't matter which angle Doherty is going to come from, Kohli jumps out of the crease and drives it over extra cover with a beautifully placed inside out shot;
39.6;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs attempts a yorker, it ends up being a low full toss and Rohit doesn't do anything more than show it the gap at wide mid-off.. Carnage;
39.5;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs fuller again outside off, Rohit now powers it over extra cover with an inside out hit, one bounce and four..;
39.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run slightly slower delivery, and it's full too. Rohit spot it and calmly defends it to point;
39.3;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs aims for the yorker, and it's marginally outside off, but Rohit, with all the time in the world, squeezes it through point;
39.2;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run length delivery on off, Kohli punches it to wide long off for an easy single;
39.2;1w;Johnson to Kohli, 1 wide back of the length and fired down the leg side, from wide of the crease. MJ says it flicked the pads, but the umpire doesn't agree;
39.1;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs oh this one is brutally cracked through cover! It was hurled at 90 mph, it went through cover at double the speed, really really brutal cover drive;
38.6;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs one bounce, second bounce and it's four again! It was fuller delivery on the middle stump line and Rohit chipped it in the air, but he opened the face slightly to place it over extra cover;
38.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run his bat face gets closed as he ends up placing this down to long on, he was aiming for long off with this;
38.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run slower delivery on off, Rohit waits and chops it to backward point for a single;
38.3;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run oh he uses his wrists brilliantly! He charged down the pitch and whips it to deep midwicket where there is a fielder present;
38.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on the body, slightly slower that usual, the batsman punches it down to long off for a single;
38.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length delivery on off, Rohit punches it to the off side, but as far as cover;
37.6;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery on the stumps, Rohit dabs it to the right of midwicket for a single;
37.5;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run fuller length delivery on the stumps, now Kohli is saved by the inside edge, it hits his pads and rolls towards gully;
37.5;5w;Johnson to Kohli, 5 wide aims for a yorker, it's officially the bad Mitch today, he sprays it wide down the leg side and Haddin could do nothing to stop that;
37.4;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run gets this one to come in sharply from round the wicket, and Rohit gets an inside edge on to his pads, the bowler thinks about asking for an lbw, but realises there was a loud noise;
37.4;1w;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide now MJ slips it down the leg side and that's bonus runs;
37.3;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he comes forward and drives it firmly through cover point, there was no one in the deep and he is is chuffed, isn't he! It's his first century as an opener and his third overall.;
37.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full and aimed on the base of offstump, Rohit digs it out towards point;
37.1;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls it short of length on the body, Rohit dabs it to the off side, but there are lot of fielders close by;
36.6;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and on the middle, Rohit moves to 99 with a soft push to mid-on;
36.5;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs fuller again and it's wide too, Rohit slices this time and beats point and once he has done that, there is no one in the deep! Where are the fielders?;
36.4;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run keeps it full and wide outside off, Rohit slices it straight to point this time;
36.3;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs fuller delivery wide outside off and Rohit creams it through extra cover. Where are the fielders! No extra cover, no one in the deep. That's 100 of this stand too;
36.2;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run he keeps charging out, this time he takes the ball on half-volley and smashes it to long on, for a single;
36.1;?;Faulkner to Kohli, no run he charges down the pitch, makes it a yorker, but jams it out to midwicket;
35.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run tight in defense as well as Johnson keeps the ball full and on off stump;
35.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run full and angled at the non-existant slips, and Rohit leans into a lazily elegant drive to cover;
35.4;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run slower ball from Johnson, which doesn't post too much problem as he tucks it in front of midwicket;
35.3;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs and another one, this time he shovels the ball through the gape between midwicket and the man at long-on. It was a length ball and duly punished;
35.2;4;Johnson to Kohli, FOUR runs this time he is on the pads and Kohli's wrists are too strong for that ball to go anywhere other than to the boundary. Whips it powerfully past short fine leg;
35.1;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run angles it across the right-hander who is happy to let the good length ball go to the keeper;
34.6;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run charges the bowler and whips the ball through midwicket to get a single and retain strike;
34.5;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run shortish and just a small bit of room which enables him to nudge to backward point and collect a single;
34.4;4;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs nothing unconvincing about that. Ample room outside off, short again and Rohit, stayed back in his crease and flayed it over the top of cover;
34.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run inside edge foils that lbw appeal, but the bowler had the upper hand there, after a very long time in this match. It seemed ti skid off the pitch, catching Rohit off guard who was looking to play a lazy defensive stroke off the back foot;
34.2;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run another full, slower ball, which the batsman drags from outside off stump through midwicket;
34.1;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run camps on the back foot as he lets the ball run off his bat to third man;
34.1;1w;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 wide back-of-the-hand slower ball goes awry as the batsman watches it cross him well past the wide line on the off side;
33.6;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run shorter and pitched outside leg, but the ball turns across the right-hander, who waits for it on the back foot and pushes it back down the pitch;
33.5;6;Doherty to Kohli, SIX runs If he gets down the track, Australia better watch out. Reaches the pitch effortlessly and powers it straight over the top to pepper the long-off boundary;
33.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller and angled across the batsman who presses forward and blocks it down the ground for an easy single;
33.3;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run fifty to Kohli off only 27 balls as he nudges the full ball on his pads through midwicket.;
33.2;2;Doherty to Kohli, 2 runs stays back to the flatter ball and whips it wide of the man at long-on to collect a single;
33.1;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run he charges him again, but having been cramped for foot just defended;
32.6;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs six, off only one hand. He did everything wrong there, but still got the maximum result. He was early into the shot, he hadn't moved toward the ball, though he did move forward. But somehow the ball hit the middle of the bat and sailed over point;
32.5;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run cuts it to cover as McKay holds it at a shortish length outside off stump;
32.4;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run explores the off stump corridor against Rohit though, with a good length ball which is dabbed to the man at point;
32.3;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run and that seems the only way to tether him. McKay bowls fullish on middle to which Kohli pushes down the ground to collect a single;
32.2;4;McKay to Kohli, FOUR runs another magnificent strike over cover and you guessed it, he was down the track again. It was on a length outside off and Kohli has no trouble lofting it over the top of cover for a one bounce four;
32.1;2;McKay to Kohli, 2 runs they are racing between the wickets, even Rohit who is showing no signs of cramp now and the little flick through midwicket off a good length ball gets two runs;
31.6;1;Watson to Kohli, 1 run and following the boundary, he waits for the ball to come it him and uses the tiny bit of room on it to dab it to third man and retain strike;
31.5;4;Watson to Kohli, FOUR runs another foray down the track and another imperious four. Made a little room for himself as he came down and just flays this through the covers with a touch of disdain;
31.4;?;Watson to Kohli, no run gets forward to meet the full length ball with a lovely, straight bat;
31.3;?;Watson to Kohli, no run looks for a dab through third man as Watson bowls back of a length on middle. There seemed to be some sort of noise and the Australians appeal, but the umpire is unmoved. Haddin put on a delayed appeal though;
31.2;6;Watson to Kohli, SIX runs dismissed it. It was dragged down short and Kohli stays solid at the crease and slams it well over the midwicket fence, which Watson watches stunned;
31.1;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run cramps him up, but Rohit adjusts well, chopping the ball square on the off side with soft hands and rushing off to collect a single;
30.6;6;McKay to Kohli, SIX runs off cutter gets smashed. Kohli has been violent when he gets down the track. He stays leg side of the ball to get all the leverage he needs to punish it over the top of long-off;
30.5;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pushed down the ground to long-on as McKay sticks to a much better, fuller length;
30.4;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run goo length on middle to which he comes forward and hopes to work it into the on side, but doesn't get enough wrist into the stroke as McKay runs around to collect it;
30.3;6;McKay to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs he's down. He's slapped that miles over midwicket and has gone down immediately with cramp on his right hamstring. This was not slower, but McKay persisted with the shortish length. Rohit was waiting for it and as he was admiring the shot, he grimaces, clutches his right hammie and goes down as Kohli rushes up to help from the non-striker's end;
30.2;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run another slower one - 106kph - and Rohit was far too early on the pull shot, as he gets an under edge and the ball bounces tamely at his feet;
30.1;1;McKay to Kohli, 1 run slower ball to start off a new spell as Kohli comes down the track and adjusts his stroke to dab it square on the off side;
29.6;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run gets his front foot across to the off side to work the fullish ball through square leg;
29.5;6;Doherty to Kohli, SIX runs This time he goes over the deep fielder too. And much straighter. Doherty isn't flighting the ball too much, but Kohli reaches to the pitch as he forays down the track and lifts it powerfully over the top;
29.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run swift and flat whicih Rohit negotiates with a punch down to long-on;
29.3;1;Doherty to Kohli, 1 run some magic from Maxwell on the extra cover fence. First there was some magic from Kohli's wrists as he slammed the ball over the cover. Maxwell runs around from long-off and extends his hand full stretch to push the ball back in play;
29.2;?;Doherty to Kohli, no run charges the spinner too, but he his drive though strong is hit straight back to the bowler;
29.1;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run crouches on one knee to sweep the ball, full and angled into middle, to the man at fine leg;
28.6;6;Faulkner to Kohli, SIX runs down the track again and this time he gets six for it. While Fualkner goes for a tumble, Kohli stands and admires the shot as the full length ball aimed outside off sails over the long-off fence;
28.5;?;Faulkner to Kohli, no run a little in dip from the bowler, but Kohli rides that well, staying back in his crease and opening the face;
28.4;?;Faulkner to Kohli, no run this time he holds the length back and Kohli responds to it but dabbing it off the back foot to point;
28.3;4;Faulkner to Kohli, FOUR runs steps down the pitch and whips it between midwicket and mid-on. It was in the air, but it was timed and placed well enough to give India another four;
28.2;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run the fuller length allows Rohit to punch it down the ground off the front foot and get off strike. He's been doing that quite well this innings;
28.1;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run uses the angle from aroudn the wicket to tuck him up as Rohit chops the back of a length ball into the off side;
27.6;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run gets a strong stride forward and drills the square drive to point off a fuller delivery;
27.5;?;Johnson to Kohli, no run good length ball, and quick too - 153kph - angling in on middle to which Kohli presents a straight bat;
27.4;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he's almost on one knee as he meets the ball well wide of off stump. The ball goes fine of point and deep third man is a very busy fielder;
27.3;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run This one didn't have as much room, but Kohli allowed it to reach him as he let it ride off the open face through to third man;
27.2;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run opens the face when he meets the good length ball outside off stump to collect another run through third man;
27.1;1;Johnson to Kohli, 1 run and he is treated to a bouncer first up, but Kohli was waiting for that as he stays back and pulls it down into the ground through midwicket;
26.6;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run presses on the front foot and drives it down the ground to mid-off;
26.5;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run uses the little room on offer and dabs the back of a length ball down to deep third man to collect another single;
26.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and outside off, Rohit gets nicely forward and opens the face of the bat to steer it to sweeper cover;
26.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run on a length around the off stump and Rohit covers the line to defend it;
26.2;1;Faulkner to Kohli, 1 run a handsome drive to start off with as he gets to the pitch of that full length ball outside off. There was ample timing there, but it wasn't placed quite so well. The fielder at cover fumbles allowing a single;
26.1;W;Faulkner to S Dhawan, OUT he's nicked it. And Dhawan admonishes himself as he walks off, five short of a century. James Faulkner though is over the moon. It was a good length ball outside off and Dhawan went for his cover drive, but this time his edges is taken instead of the middle;Shikhar Dhawan c ?Haddin b Faulkner 95 (112m 86b 14x4 0x6) SR: 110.46;
25.6;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run its the swivel-pull from Dhawan again as he rolls his wrists on this one to make sure it stays down the ground to deep square leg;
25.5;1;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this time he does as Johnson looks to rattle him with short stuff from around the wicket. It isn't working though as Rohit did not look rushed in any way as he guided the ball to third man;
25.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run shorter ball again and Rohit tries to steer it to third man for a single, but can;t get it fine enough;
25.3;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run and there's the Mitchell Johnson short ball, and Dhawan's flash outside the off stump goes on the bounce to third man;
25.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run pitches it right up on off stump and Dhawan doesnt make any attempt to cover the line as he drills it to cover off the front foot;
25.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run full and homing in on middle stump. Dhawan's straight drive doesnt come off quite so well as the bat turns in his hand to deprive him of any timing on it;
24.6;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run on the shorter side again and Dhawan is happy to dab it into the off side and retain strike;
24.5;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run another crisp stroke, but the square drive to the length ball outside off finds point;
24.4;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run that one dips a little low, but Dhawan still manages to pull it quite strongly to midwicket with the litte room available outside off;
24.3;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs and when they explore the middle of the pitch, Dhawan, rocks his weight back and punishes it dead square for another boundary;
24.2;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run;
24.1;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs oh, imperious. Dhawan has found rich results when skipping down the track and this time he simply flays one to the left of the man at cover and the ball slams into the advertising boards in a flash;
23.6;1lb;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye that yorker was speared in on leg stump. Dhawan hoped to flick it fine, but the ball dips in a little more to beat the bat and hit his pads and sneak off towards fine leg;
23.5;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs The short-ball ploy, ironically, is not working on a faster pitch. Comes nicely on to his bat as he swivels on the crease and pulls the ball coming in just above hip high behind square;
23.4;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run slower short ball, but only just at 130 kph. Dhawan was too early into his pull shot as the ball ducks beneath his bat and goes through to Haddin;
23.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run a little bit of inward movement, which Dhawan negotiates with soft hands as he defends the ball. His search for a quick single is denied after Rohit saw Johnson making a beeline for the ball;
23.2;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs this one was short enough and Dhawan climbs into it. Doesnt bother keeping it down because he knows there is no one in the in-field to stop that shot, which goes all the way to the square leg boundary;
23.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run and he beats him first up. Dhawan was stuck in the crease as he looked to pull the ball, which was a little too full to attempt a horizontal bat shot and the ball sails over the middle stump;
22.6;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run on the shorter side, with a little room outside off allows Dhawan to carve it through point. There is a sweeper cover though;
22.5;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run angles into his pads and Rohit is happy to flick it through midwicket to return the strike to Dhawan;
22.4;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run he continues his excursions outside the crease, this time meeting the length ball with a slap through the covers;
22.3;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run skips down the track, but Faulker drops it short. He goes for the cut but the ball bounces over his edge.;
22.2;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs And this one was fuller, but it goes through the same regiom Dhawan lofts it wide of short midwicket this time with a powerful drive;
22.1;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs one of those agricultural shots we have become accustomed to in the T20 era. It was a length ball with a little room outside off and Dhawan, gets on his front foot, and mauls it over short midwicket's head;
21.6;4;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs sweep shot to profitable results. he goes across on the off side to fetch it and gets enough bat on it to travel to the fine leg boundary;
21.5;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run he advances, but Doherty saw him and fired it shorter and quicker. Dhawan adjusts, punching it down to long-off again;
21.4;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run chipped over the top of the off side ring as Doherty keeps it full. Long-off gets some work to do;
21.3;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller on leg stump and Dhawan presents a straight bat as he finds the man at long-on;
21.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run and holds this one back, but is still around the off stump. Rohit stands up tall and punches it to long-off;
21.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted outside off and Rohit steps smartly forward and pushes to cover;
20.6;?;Faulkner to S Dhawan, no run that was slower, 112 kph from Faulkner, and Dhawan is beaten as his intended flick does not connect and dribbles away from his pad;
20.5;4;Faulkner to S Dhawan, FOUR runs a very small bit of in dip there, but Dhawan had reached the pitch of it with some excellent footwork and drills it through the man at cover to find the boundary;
20.4;1;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, 1 run nice and full on middle which forces the batsman to play down the ground and only for a single;
20.3;?;Faulkner to Rohit Sharma, no run he's been conscious of keeping the length full and an elegant-looking drive from Rohit cannot pierce the off side field;
20.2;1;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 1 run shimmies down the wicket, staying leg side of the back of a length ball and slaps it through point for deep third man to collect;
20.1;2;Faulkner to S Dhawan, 2 runs bowls it a little too straight and Dhawan is happy to whip it off his knee-roll. Deep square leg has a bit of work to do but he is up for it;
19.6;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run he comes down the track and drills it straight to long-on with a little bit of flourish;
19.5;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run holds it back as he aims for middle stump, but Dhawan punches it down the ground. Midwicket comes around to do some smart clean up;
19.4;4;Doherty to S Dhawan, FOUR runs and now he indulges in his favourite cover drive. Tossed up from Doherty, but it was still quick at 95 kph. Long stride forward almost brings him to the pitch and he beats the man at extra cover;
19.3;4;Doherty to S Dhawan, FOUR runs a lovely late cut from Dhawan takes him to his fifty. It was just a tad short, but Dhawan watched it right onto his bat and met it at the perfect time to push it all the way to the boundary at third man;
19.2;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run a little bit of innovation there as he goes down the reverse sweep, but finds point in the way;
19.1;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on and around the off stump and a goodish length as Rohit stays leg side of it and pushes the ball through the covers;
18.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run goes deep in his crease and guides the shortish ball outside off to point;
18.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run goes back and punches it through the covers. The batsmen try looking for two, but it isnt there;
18.4;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run;
18.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run his flight is on line this time, as he makes Rohit step forward and defend;
18.3;5w;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 5 wide pitches wide outside leg stump and turns further wide. The keeper had no chance and India get a few bonus runs;
18.2;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run taken on the full as this one is angled across him, but it is hit straight to cover;
18.1;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run Gets to the pitch of that after chipping down the track and drives to long-off to get a single;
17.6;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run holds this one back as Rohit chips down the track, but he doesn't indulge in a big shot having realised he has not reached the pitch. Blocks it back down the pitch;
17.5;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run;
17.4;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run tossed up at 90kph and Rohit watchfully defends back to the bowler off his front foot;
17.3;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run on a length on middle and tucked away behind square for a single;
17.2;4;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs angled down the pads and with the non-existant spin, all Rohit needed to do was get a feather to it and the fielder and deep fine leg, despite a valiant effort, can't get the better of that;
17.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run;
16.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run dabs the shortish ball outside off to point and looks for a single, but it isn't there;
16.5;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run fuller on middle and Dhawan steps forward to keep bat and pad together in defence;
16.4;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run fuller on middle and Rohit uses his wrists to push it down the ground to long-on;
16.3;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run quicker delivery on middle is the response as Rohit gets behind and defends;
16.2;6;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, SIX runs this time he nails it. Comes down the track having seen there is no turn for Maxwell and lifts it over long-on;
16.1;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run and he beats the bat as Rohit goes searching outside his off stump. Held it back just a tad and the ball went on with the angle;
15.6;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run another solid forward defensive to meet a nicely flighted delivery on the stumps to end the over;
15.5;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run darts it in at over 90kph, shorter too but its dead on middle which means the batsman has to push it back to the bowler;
15.4;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run flighted on off stump and he leans forward to block it down the pitch;
15.3;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run tucks it away behind square on the leg side as Doherty bowls a fullish length;
15.2;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run waits for the ball to come to him as he goes deep in the crease and late cuts it to short third man and gets a single;
15.1;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run tosses it up, inviting Rohit to drive and he does so but cover is on hand to collect the ball;
14.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run he keeps the pace slow and the batsman has to wait for the delivery, then defend it back;
14.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run this one is on the pads and Rohit tucks it behind square for a quick single;
14.4;?;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run some hesitation between the batsmen as Rohit looks for a run at point, but he is sent back in time;
14.3;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run fuller this time, he comes forward and drives it down to long off;
14.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run length delivery outside off, still no timing as he pushes it to off;
14.1;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run keeps it slow and wide outside off, the batsman stretches forward but can't time it at all;
13.6;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run flatter and on off stump, the batsman goes on the back foot and punches it to wide long on for a single;
13.5;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he stays in the crease and punches the length delivery to long off for a single;
13.4;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run pushed through on off stump, the batsman pushes it through midwicket for a single;
13.3;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run is that all over? After tossing up a couple of deliveries, Doherty fires it flat and wide outside off, Dhawan was already pushing way forward and he tries to slap the delivery through off, but is beaten. Haddin does well to flick the bails off in a flash. He drags the toe out, but pushes it back. But is it out? Very hard to tell. It's one of those cases when a frame goes missing. It's on the line is my impression, and that should be out, but the third umpire has said it's not out. Can't really complain with that either..As I said, it was about the missing frame and batsman gets lucky here;
13.2;?;Doherty to S Dhawan, no run keeps it full and tosses it up too, the batsman drives it but finds the man at cover point;
13.1;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run full and flighted on the middle, the batsman drives it past the non-striker for an easy single;
12.6;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run full and flighted on the middle, the batsman flicks it straight to short fine;
12.5;1;Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run pushed through on the middle and leg line, Rohit dabs it to the right of midwicket and calls for a quick single;
12.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run this one is straighter and the batsman eases it to long off for a single;
12.3;2;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 2 runs fuller and wider this time, he drives it to deep extra cover for a couple of runs;
12.2;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run he comes forward and punches it back to the bowler;
12.1;?;Maxwell to S Dhawan, no run he comes round the wicket and floats it outside off, Dhawan reverse paddles it straight to short third man;
11.6;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run pushed through on off stump, the batsman dabs it to the left of Doherty and picks up a single;
11.5;1;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 1 run a touch slower and on a length, Rohit waits and punches it to deep cover for a single;
11.4;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run this one is on the stumps, the batsman pushes it back to Doherty;
11.3;2;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs shorter and wide outside off, the batsman cracks it through point, off the front foot, but the fielder from deep cover runs around and cuts it off;
11.2;?;Doherty to Rohit Sharma, no run flatter and quicker on off, the batsman comes forward and defends it solidly;
11.1;1;Doherty to S Dhawan, 1 run pushed through on off, the batsman flicks it to deep square leg as the length is full;
10.6;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run he walks across the stumps, but then calmly punches the length delivery to deep cover;
10.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length delivery on off stump, Rohit dabs it to backward point for an easy single;
10.4;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run short delivery this time, 124 kph, Dhawan has all the time to pull it firmly to deep square leg, but there is protection in the deep now;
10.3;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, Dhawan stays in the crease and defends it to point;
10.3;5w;Watson to S Dhawan, 5 wide more extras, this one is pounded halfway down the pitch and it takes off way over the batsman and far away from the keeper;
10.3;1w;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 wide he fires this one short but this one is down the leg side, Haddin does well to get to it;
10.2;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he bowls it short of length and on the stumps, Rohit goes on the back foot and tucks it behind square on the leg side for a single;
10.1;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run he bowls length outside off, the batsman chops it behind point for a single;
9.6;2;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs too straight this time from McKay, Rohit waits and clips it to the left of short fine leg for a couple more;
9.5;4;McKay to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he bowls a slower delivery, but makes the mistake of bowling it full. Rohit spots that and drives it over the infield, through cover for the second boundary this over;
9.4;2;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs now he also uses the Dhawan method, charges down the pitch to a back of length delivery, tries to whack it towards long-on but mistimes it, again he is lucky as the ball falls behind mid on;
9.3;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run it's full and it's on the pads, Rohit flicks it wristily, but finds the man at midwicket;
9.2;4;McKay to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he tries to whip it over midwicket off the front foot, but doesn't get hold of the shot at all, luckily for Rohit, there is no one behind midwicket, the ball trickles to the boundary;
9.1;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run he stays solid in defence, it is back of length delivery and it's is bunted on the pitch;
8.6;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run he waits on the back foot and looks to pick the gap behind square on the off side, but hits it straight to backward point;
8.5;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run he bowls length delivery on the pads, which Rohit tucks to deep square leg with ease;
8.4;1;Watson to S Dhawan, 1 run he keeps coming down the pitch, this time the ball is much straighter, so he punches it to deep extra cover;
8.3;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs comes out of the pitch again and repeats the shot he played last delivery, and he picks his spot even better this time because there is a man at deep cover, who he beats comfortably;
8.2;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs that seems to be his method today, he charges down again and cracks the back of length delivery past point;
8.1;4;Watson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs he keeps coming down the track, this time though he gets a lot of bat on this, picks the length delivery from off and slaps it over midwicket;
7.6;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run he charges down the pitch and punches it to cover;
7.5;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs that has been dropped by Brad Haddin! The frustration of not scoring got into Dhawan, who swung across the line and got a massive leading edge, it went really really high, so high that Haddin ran all the way from his position, all the way to square leg to attempt the catch and he had it covered, but it just pops out...;
7.4;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run he comes forward and dabs it towards point;
7.3;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run back of length delivery on the stumps, the batsman defends it down the pitch;
7.2;1;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 1 run length delivery with some width outside off, Rohit opens the face to run it down to third man;
7.1;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run he bowls a length delivery on the pads, but the batsman is not able to take advantage, gets hit on the pads;
6.6;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run the frustration gets to Dhawan as he charges down the pitch, Watson, though, keeps it angling across and the batsman is beaten;
6.5;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run no room for Dhawan to free his arms, Watson keeps it around off stump and on a back of length, the batsman can only defends it back down the pitch;
6.4;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run stays in the crease and cuts the back of length delivery straight to point;
6.3;?;Watson to S Dhawan, no run length delivery on off, Dhawan times his drive perfectly, but it's hit straight to the man at cover;
6.2;1;Watson to Rohit Sharma, 1 run back of length, 132 kph, outside off, the batsman waits in the crease and steers it to third man for a single;
6.1;?;Watson to Rohit Sharma, no run starts off with a length delivery on off, Rohit comes forward and defends it solidly;
5.6;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run this is well stopped by the short midwicket fielder! Dhawan had charged down the pitch and he played a punchy shot, but the fielder was quick to get down;
5.5;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run back of length delivery on the off, the batsman waits and chops it towards point;
5.4;?;McKay to S Dhawan, no run chips down the pitch and wanted to drag it over mid-on from outside off, misses it completely;
5.3;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs this one is much straighter, Dhawan doesn't move around this time, waits in the crease and flicks it past midwicket;
5.2;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs he does the same again, this time though the ball was much straighter. Dhawan uses his wrists to push it through cover, but the fielder gets a hand to it and slows it down a touch. There is also a man at deep cover now;
5.1;4;McKay to S Dhawan, FOUR runs he charges down the track and punches the length delivery through extra cover, McKay's slower pace making it easier for the batsman to pick his spot;
4.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls a quick short of length delivery on the body, Rohit hops and drops it towards short midwicket;
4.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run again, a length delivery on off and Rohit looks for the gap at cover, but this one is closer to the fielder, who cuts it off;
4.4;4;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs pitches this fuller and Rohit has no problems in dealing with these ones, he comes forward and caresses it through cover;
4.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run fires this from round the stumps again, aimed at off stump, the batsman comes forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
4.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run bowls from wide of the crease and on the stumps, the batsman comes forward and defends;
4.1;1;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 run he stands tall and steers the back of length delivery on off down to third man, 152 kph;
4.1;1w;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 wide he bowls this one down the leg side, it was one of the slower ones, 131 kph;
3.6;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run the bowler keeps bowling it on a length, Rohit takes the conventional approach this time, pushing it to cover;
3.5;4;McKay to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs he takes a forward step and chips the length delivery with a straight bat, over mid-off, one bounce and four;
3.4;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run pulls the length back a bit and aims it on the stumps, the batsman gets cramped for room as it comes into him, he defends it back down the pitch;
3.3;4;McKay to Rohit Sharma, FOUR runs bowls this full and wide outside off, he was possibly looking for the away swinger, but Rohit flays it over point, no movement of the feet there;
3.2;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run he keeps it on a length and on off stump, the batsman has no room to play with, he defends it back to the bowler;
3.1;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run pitches it up to the batsman, who gets an inside edge towards midwicket as he comes forward to defend;
2.6;4;Johnson to S Dhawan, FOUR runs short delivery outside off and Dhawan is quick on it too, pulls it over midwicket with good timing for his first boundary;
2.5;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run another 150 kph bolt, the batsman waits on the back foot and cuts it to the fielder at point;
2.4;2;Johnson to S Dhawan, 2 runs back of length and on the body, Dhawan swivels on his heels to tuck it around to deep backward square leg for another couple;
2.3;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run a good short delivery this time, 153.8 kph, It's just around off stump, the batsman arches back and gets out of the way;
2.2;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run goes slightly fuller this time and it's headed to the off stump, the batsman comes forward and punches it to mid off;
2.1;?;Johnson to S Dhawan, no run hurries him with a short of length delivery, Dhawan was looking to pull it, but gets hit high on the thigh pad;
2.1;1w;Johnson to S Dhawan, 1 wide strays with his direction this time, bowls it short and very wide outside off;
1.6;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run gets some inward swing now, it hits the inside edge, then the pads;
1.5;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run drives it smartly with a clean flow of the bat, but finds the fielder at mid-off;
1.4;2;McKay to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs drifts on to the pads and Rohit clips it fine on the leg side for a couple of runs to the right of fine leg;
1.3;?;McKay to Rohit Sharma, no run length delivery on off, Rohit comes forward and defends it down the pitch;
1.2;1;McKay to S Dhawan, 1 run back of length this time, but it's again on the pads, Dhawan tucks it behind square on the leg side for a single;
1.1;2;McKay to S Dhawan, 2 runs he comes forward and clips the length delivery to deep backward square leg for a couple of runs;
0.6;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run angles this across the right-hander, 149.7 kph, Rohit lets it go through to the keeper;
0.5;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length delivery, pushes Rohit all the way back as he defends it towards midwicket;
0.4;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run it's on a good length and on the stumps, Rohit presses forward and punches it to mid-off;
0.3;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run back of length on the stumps, 147kph, Rohit stands tall and defends it back down the pitch;
0.2;?;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, no run oh wow! A loud appeal for lbw! That was quick, on a length, it swung back in, hit the top of front pad and flew to the keeper, the height saves Rohit;
0.1;4lb;Johnson to Rohit Sharma, 4 leg byes that was quick, but it was also on the pads, flicks the thigh pads and hits the fine-leg boundary in no time.. 144 kph;

The teams are in the middle, let's get cracking ..Mitchell Johnson to start, Rohit Sharma on strike. Two slips in place
5.30 pm It's been some pasting for the bowlers and now the batsmen have to come and do the mop-up job. One thing is for sure, Australia's bowlers are not likely to serve as many hit-me deliveries as the Indians. We are still ten or so minutes away from the start though.
raj_malyal: "From wht we've seen from T20 to till now, Aussie strategy seems to be to bat first, get one hell of a score and then put pressure on the Indian batsmen. Tht's why whn Dhoni's looking at dew, Aussies seem to care less!"
 Innings Start
Australia
India
2nd ODI (D/N), Jaipur, Oct 16 2013, Australia tour of India
359/5
362/1
Player of the match is Rohit Sharma, INDIA
India won by 9 wickets (with 39 balls remaining)
