Data
7.11 pm A half-century from stand-in captain Carey on his captaincy debut for Australia. But a lot of wasted starts otherwise on what was a two-paced pitch. Hard to score but also hard to get out. Walsh Jr though bowled very disciplined in his initial spell before finally getting the rewards at the death, taking a maiden ODI five-wicket haul with all five wickets all falling in his final three overs at the death. Still, this may be a bit difficult to chase down on a tricky and inconsistent wicket that has offered plenty of spin and turn for the slow bowlers too. Stay with us for the chase, which again will be 49 overs and a DLS target adjusted for West Indies too with a few more runs added on after the calculation.
DLS Target is apparently going to be 257, so five runs added on to Australia's total.
Interesting stat on Hayden Walsh Jr. In 15 matches for USA in 50-over cricket during his career for them from 2018 to 2019, he never took more than two wickets in a match and finished with a total of nine wickets in his one-day career for them. His best was 2 for 24 against Oman at World Cricket League Division Three in November 2018. It shows how much his legspin has developed in the last 24 months where he has been utilized as a specialist bowler in the West Indies setup compared to when he was more of a batting allrounder playing for USA.
48.6;4;Walsh to Zampa, FOUR runs edge! Again, Australia gets away with it. Full on fifth stump, Zampa backs away to drive over extra cover again but it comes off the toe through vacant slip - never going to have one in the last over - and it goes through to the third man rope.;
48.5;1;Walsh to Hazlewood, 1 run dropped! short on leg stump, Hazlewood goes to pull, thick edge caroms off Pooran's helmet and goes wide for a run. Perhaps a touch unfair to call that a drop. Definitely an edge but Pooran would need some Pele or Maradona skills to head that back into his hands.;
48.4;?;Walsh to Hazlewood, no run nearly six! Googly lands on off, Hazlewood goes back to pull and misses as the ball just misses off stump.;
48.4;W;Walsh to Agar, 1 wide, OUT clever from Walsh Jr! Saw Agar charging and bowled this very wide outside the guidelines. Pooran was prepared for it and collected to get the bails off sharply. Wide called but they get the wicket. Maiden ODI five-for by Walsh Jr! He wasn't even in the named squad but thanks to his Player of the Series performance in the T20Is, he gets brought in and rewards Kieron Pollard's faith in him.;Wes Agar st ?Pooran b Walsh 9 (11m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 150;
48.3;2;Walsh to Agar, 2 runs short and wide, slaps this in the air toward long-off but it flutters wide of Cottrell coming in off the rope and they scamper a pair.;
48.2;1;Walsh to Zampa, 1 run full and wide again, stays in his crease this time for a lofted drive over the ring to the cover sweeper for a single this time.;
48.1;2;Walsh to Zampa, 2 runs Zampa charges first ball to a full and very wide ball, slices a lofted drive off a thick edge wide of extra cover sweeper and they come back for two.;
47.6;4;Cottrell to Agar, FOUR runs bouncer on the stumps, top-edge pull swirls behind Pooran to the rope.;
47.5;1;Cottrell to Zampa, 1 run short on the stumps, goes to pull over mid-on, top edge swirls over cover and lands just beyond the ring.;
47.4;1;Cottrell to Agar, 1 run good length ball on middle stump guided toward Walsh Jr at backward point for a sharp single.;
47.3;?;Cottrell to Agar, no run another bouncer over leg stump, Agar misses another uppercut.;
47.2;?;Cottrell to Agar, no run bouncer on the stumps, very well-directed and Agar misses an uppercut.;
47.1;2;Cottrell to Agar, 2 runs full and wide, slices a drive behind point.;
46.6;4;Walsh to Zampa, FOUR runs floats this full and very very wide to encourage a drive from Zampa, who obliges but connects sweetly over extra cover with one of the shots of the day to the rope.;
46.5;?;Walsh to Zampa, no run good length ball on off, punched back to cover.;
46.4;?;Walsh to Zampa, no run flights this very very full on off stump, Zampa scuffs the drive back to Walsh Jr off an inside edge.;
46.3;W;Walsh to Wade, OUT another googly. Another top edge! Another catch on the leg side rope! Walsh Jr pitches this one even shorter than the one he bowled to Starc a ball earlier, Wade rocks back very early but once more the pull shot against the turn does not come off the middle of the bat. It hangs in the air for some time toward Hetmyer coming in 15 yards off the rope at deep midwicket for a simple chest height catch.;Matthew Wade c Hetmyer b Walsh 3 (15m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
46.2;W;Walsh to Starc, OUT googly again lands short outside leg stump, another top edge pull against the spin as Starc tries to heave this over square leg but instead it climbs on him with a touch of extra bounce and swirls over backward square leg. Hosein jogs under it casually 10 yards inside the rope and clutches on reaching in front of his body at waist height.;Mitchell Starc c Hosein b Walsh 8 (9m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
46.1;1;Walsh to Wade, 1 run googly lands on a good length on fourth stump at 84 kph, Wade reads it and goes back to cut behind point.;
23.6;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run punches a drive out to the cover sweeper;
23.5;?;Joseph to Carey, no run well bowled, touch fuller and shaping in, defended to cover;
23.4;?;Joseph to Carey, no run good length at middle and off, 129kph, pushed to mid-on;
23.3;?;Joseph to Carey, no run outside off, back of a length, drives on the up to cover;
23.2;?;Joseph to Carey, no run closes the face and tucks this towards square leg;
23.1;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length, straight, defended to the leg side;
23.1;1w;Joseph to Carey, 1 wide down the leg side, starts with a wide;
22.6;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run back of a length outside off, played square to point;
22.5;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run this turns and takes a thick inside edge backward of square on the leg side;
22.4;?;Hosein to Carey, no run tucked from outside off into the on side;
22.3;?;Hosein to Carey, no run full and straight, flicked to midwicket;
22.2;2;Hosein to Carey, 2 runs sweeps and it's another top edge! This loops over leg slip and lands safely;
22.1;W;Hosein to Henriques, OUT top edge, simple catch! Hosein has been all over Henriques. He goes for the sweep, there's some extra bounce and he can't keep down. Gentle catch to short fine leg;Moises Henriques c Joseph b Hosein 7 (25m 24b 0x4 0x6) SR: 29.16;
45.6;4;Joseph to Starc, FOUR runs in the slot on sixth stump, Starc pulverizes this straight back down the ground and long-off is too wide to be able to cut it off.;
45.5;1;Joseph to Wade, 1 run full and wide on the guidelines, Wade drags a drive back down the pitch that bounces over the non-striker's stumps for a long single.;
45.4;1;Joseph to Starc, 1 run wide yorker on the guidelines, Starc stabs this out off the toe to Hetmyer sweeping on the cover rope.;
45.3;2;Joseph to Starc, 2 runs another slower ball full on off stump at 99 kph, Starc drags a pull through wide midwicket for two.;
45.2;?;Joseph to Starc, no run good length slower ball on off at 104 kph, guided to Walsh Jr at backward point.;
45.1;?;Joseph to Starc, no run full on off, driven to mid-on.;
44.6;1;Walsh to Starc, 1 run full on the legs, Starc flicks this in the air but wide of deep square leg.;
44.5;W;Walsh to Turner, OUT top-edged sweep to deep square leg, Lewis charges in from the rope and takes a tumbling catch falling forward! We've seen this all day, extra bounce from the spinners creating a slew of top-edges but the Australian batting lineup has been stubbornly fixated on sweeping against the spin and it leads to another wicket. Walsh bowled this well outside off on around seventh or eighth stump so Turner had to drag this a long way back to the leg side. A top edge seemed inevitable and it was read well off the bat by Lewis to make the catch possible.;Ashton Turner c Lewis b Walsh 49 (80m 45b 2x4 2x6) SR: 108.88;
44.4;?;Walsh to Turner, no run googly on off stump on a good length, Turner doesn't read it and cuts a bottom edge into his feet.;
44.3;?;Walsh to Turner, no run floated full and wide on seventh stump, goes for a sweep and misses. Didn't sound like any noise but Walsh Jr goes up for a wild appeal given not out. Pollard is sold by Walsh Jr into going for a review. Didn't look like there was anything live and unsurprisingly there is nothing to dispute that on the replays. Wasted review.;
44.2;1;Walsh to Wade, 1 run googly to Wade first ball on a good length on off stump, read out of the hand and goes back to nudge this in front of point.;
44.1;W;Walsh to Carey, OUT Walsh Jr gets a just reward for a disciplined spell! Flighted full on leg stump, tosses up to encourage a big heave with the spin over midwicket but the ball has been slow off the pitch all day and the lack of bounce coming onto the bat means Carey is through the shot a touch early and it beats the bat to clang into leg stump three-quarters of the way up.;Alex Carey b Walsh 67 (91m 87b 5x4 2x6) SR: 77.01;
43.6;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run another premeditated scoop to a full ball outside off stump and another miss off the pads caroms back toward Joseph. He charges forward and underhands into the stumps unnecessarily to allow an alert Carey to pinch an overthrow thanks to the carom into midwicket.;
43.5;?;Joseph to Carey, no run full on the stumps, digs this back to Joseph.;
43.4;1;Joseph to Turner, 1 run slower length ball on middle stump, slams this flat over the non-striker toward Mohammed at long-on, who not for the first time today does not pick the ball up properly off the bat and it lands just short of him on the rope.;
43.3;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run full and wide on sixth stump, slaps this off the toe to wide long-off.;
43.2;?;Joseph to Carey, no run full on fifth stump, premeditates a paddle scoop but misses off the pads.;
43.1;4;Joseph to Carey, FOUR runs fullish length ball in the slot on middle stump, Carey leans back to pump an extra cover drive through the ring and sizzles to the rope.;
42.6;2;Walsh to Turner, 2 runs short on fifth stump, slaps this behind point for one, throw to the bowler's end is wild and it creates an overthrow.;
42.5;?;Walsh to Turner, no run full leg break spinning down leg, misses a sweep. No wide called. Was that a drop? Sounded like a possible noise off glove but inconclusive.;
42.4;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run good length legbreak on middle, backs away from leg stump to cut behind point.;
42.3;?;Walsh to Carey, no run googly on off stump spins past a forward prod as Carey aborts a charge and gets his back foot in after being beaten.;
42.2;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run full on fifth stump, sweeps along the ground to deep square leg.;
42.1;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run full and wide on sixth stump, Carey uses his feet to drive along the ground to long-off.;
41.6;2;Holder to Turner, 2 runs skier falls into no man's land between Holder and Hetmyer charging in from long-on! Another short ball on the stumps that Turner tries to heave over midwicket, it climbs on him and goes straight up over the ring between midwicket and mid-on. Hetmyer charges 30+ yards from the midwicket rope but can't get there as the ball plops down right on the ring at mid-on. Holder looks on in despair. Looked more like it was a chance that Jason Mohammed would have had a better chance at had he come in off the rope at long-on but he never really moved. It falls safely to come back for two.;
41.5;6;Holder to Turner, SIX runs bouncer at full pace this time, 127 kph on the stumps, Turner hustled a bit and a top edge swirls straight behind Pooran and over the rope.;
41.4;6;Holder to Turner, SIX runs back of the hand slower ball at 108 kph lands way too short on fifth stump, sits up there for Turner to clobber over wide long-on, over the rope and the fence as well 10 yards beyond.;
41.3;1;Holder to Carey, 1 run full toss on leg stump at knee height, Carey charges and steps away from the stumps to create room for a flat punch to mid-off.;
41.2;?;Holder to Carey, no run back of a length on off stump, Carey backs away to create room for a cut but picks out Walsh Jr at backward point.;
41.1;2;Holder to Carey, 2 runs short on fifth stump, goes to pull and it flutters off a top edge into no man's land on the ring, slow enough to allow a two before Lewis can charge in off the rope.;
40.6;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run flighted full and wide on fourth stump, Carey goes for the reverse sweep and sends this behind point.;
40.5;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run short on off, slaps at this into the off side.;
40.4;?;Walsh to Turner, no run googly lands on off stump on a good length, Turner looks like he picked it going back to flick to midwicket but the excess spin into the body beats the attempted shot.;
40.3;?;Walsh to Turner, no run fuller and straighter on off, pushed straight back to Walsh Jr this time.;
40.2;?;Walsh to Turner, no run full outside off, this time makes contact with a drive but Walsh Jr dives left to knock it down.;
40.1;?;Walsh to Turner, no run and beats the outside edge straightaway. Flighted delivery full on fifth stump, Turner drives and it spins past the edge.;
39.6;?;Holder to Carey, no run good length ball slanted across sixth stump, Carey flashes to cut and is beaten.;
39.5;4;Holder to Carey, FOUR runs good length ball on the stumps, premeditated scoop shot played just wide of Bravo at short fine leg. Looked like it could be a catching chance but Bravo moves very slowly and is late to react as well on the ring and can't quite get there moving left. Holder isn't exactly thrilled with the effort.;
39.4;6;Holder to Carey, SIX runs way to bring up a half-century! Full on fourth stump, clean strike through the line and gets under it enough to clear the rope at long-off with a flat drive. 50 up off 72 balls.;
39.3;1;Holder to Turner, 1 run back of a length on the legs, clipped into midwicket.;
39.3;1w;Holder to Turner, 1 wide full and tailing down leg, diving stop by Pooran to prevent five.;
39.2;1;Holder to Carey, 1 run short and wide, makes cleaner contact this time and strikes it behind point to the sweeper.;
39.1;?;Holder to Carey, no run short and wide, slaps this off the toe into the off side.;
38.6;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run full on the legs, flicked to deep square leg.;
38.5;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run much fuller on fourth stump now and driven firmly to backward point.;
38.4;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run extra pace bounce at 140 kph! Short of a length on fourth stump, pops off the surface and beats the attempted back foot punch.;
38.3;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run short and wide, slaps a cut to the point sweeper Hosein.;
38.2;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run back of a length on fifth stump, goes to cut, through the shot a touch early and an inside edge goes through square leg for one.;
38.1;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run back of a length on middle at 129 kph, defended into midwicket.;
37.6;4;Joseph to Turner, FOUR runs length ball on fifth stump, sits up for Turner to punish with a front foot pull over wide midwicket and bounces away to the rope.;
37.5;?;Joseph to Turner, no run gem! Good length at 129 kph in the fourth/fifth stump channel. Beats a flat-footed poke outside off from Turner.;
37.4;2;Joseph to Turner, 2 runs back of a length on sixth stump, cuts behind point and wide enough of the sweeper to allow an easy second.;
37.3;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, punched wide of Hetmyer making a diving stop on the ring at extra cover.;
37.2;1;Joseph to Turner, 1 run back of a length on off stump, stays in his crease this time to flick wide of mid-on.;
37.1;?;Joseph to Turner, no run back of a length on off stump, uses his feet but then checks to a defensive poke into cover.;
36.6;?;Walsh to Carey, no run uses his feet but can't get to the pitch of a good length ball outside leg stump and the ball lodges in between his pads after checking to a defensive prod.;
36.5;?;Walsh to Carey, no run full on leg stump, sweeps this straight to Joseph at short fine leg.;
36.4;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run googly lands on a good length on fourth stump, Turner reads it this time and goes back to punch through cover.;
36.3;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run flighted full on leg stump, leans forward to flick behind square leg.;
36.2;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run short on fifth stump, guided behind point.;
36.1;?;Walsh to Turner, no run googly lands on a good length on sixth stump, Turner doesn't read it out of the hand and cuts to cut, cramped for room as the ball spins in and nearly drags on but a bottom edge goes just wide of the stumps bouncing to Pooran.;
35.6;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on leg stump, goes back to flick to Pollard at short midwicket.;
35.5;?;Joseph to Carey, no run short on off, through the pull shot a touch early at 130 kph and plunked on the ribs.;
35.4;?;Joseph to Carey, no run back of a length on off stump, guided straight to Walsh Jr at backward point.;
35.3;1;Joseph to Turner, 1 run fullish length on off stump, prods forward and a thick edge goes behind point to deep third man for one.;
35.2;1;Joseph to Carey, 1 run short of a length outside off, cut behind point for a sharp run as Walsh Jr fumbles on a diving stop to at least deny a four.;
35.1;?;Joseph to Carey, no run good length ball outside leg, goes back to flick into midwicket. Pollard with a diving stop.;
34.6;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run premeditates a reverse sweep to a full ball pitching well outside leg and drags through through point for one.;
34.5;?;Walsh to Carey, no run googly lands short on middle, Carey goes back and flicks to midwicket but picks out the fielder.;
34.4;?;Walsh to Carey, no run full outside leg, tries to tickle this away but misses off the pads and Pooran chases the deflection down at square leg.;
34.3;?;Walsh to Carey, no run uses his feet to drive a full ball on middle straight back to Walsh Jr.;
34.2;?;Walsh to Carey, no run beaten! Lovely legbreak lands full on fourth stump and straightens past a forward prod.;
34.1;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run good length ball on fifth stump, cut away gently behind point.;
33.6;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run short of a length outside off, played with an open face to point;
33.5;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run good length at off stump, defended to the bowler;
33.4;?;Cottrell to Carey, no run short outside off, jabbed to backward point;
33.3;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run worked into midwicket;
33.2;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run full at the stumps, tapped towards mid-on who is on the edge of the circle. A well-spotted single;
33.1;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run very full outside off, driven off the toe end to deep cover;
32.6;?;Walsh to Carey, no run an appeal for lbw as he misses the reverse sweep this time...umpire's call;
32.5;?;Walsh to Carey, no run full at off stump, driven to mid-off;
32.4;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run dragged down short and almost brings a wicket, Turner completely miscues his pull in the air but well short of long-on;
32.3;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run brings out the reverse sweep and sends it to deep point;
32.2;?;Walsh to Carey, no run swept off the stumps to short fine leg;
32.1;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run uses his feet and drives back to the bowler who parries it down the ground;
31.6;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run dropped! Mohammed at long leg...a short ball on leg stump, Turner went for the pull and got underneath it, helping it around the corner. Mohammed made good ground, it was a tough, low chance;
31.5;2;Cottrell to Turner, 2 runs wrong line, short outside leg stump, gets inside the line and flicks towards fine leg;
31.4;1;Cottrell to Carey, 1 run short outside off, gets on his toes and square drives to deep point;
31.3;2;Cottrell to Carey, 2 runs full outside off, goes for the drive and it takes a thick inside edge towards deep square;
31.2;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run shorter delivery on leg stump, tucked off the hip into square leg;
31.1;?;Cottrell to Turner, no run full and straight, punched back down the pitch and Cottrell gets his left hand to it;
30.6;2;Walsh to Carey, 2 runs touch more air, Carey swings it in the air towards deep midwicket and places it into the gap. A very good flick back by Mohammed prevents the boundary;
30.5;?;Walsh to Carey, no run drops it on a good length outside off, Carey comes forward;
30.4;?;Walsh to Carey, no run sweeps from middle and leg, rolls his wrists but picks out short fine leg;
30.3;?;Walsh to Carey, no run gets forward and taps this from outside off to the on side;
30.2;?;Walsh to Carey, no run tucked into midwicket;
30.1;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run back of a length, worked into the on side;
29.6;?;Mohammed to Carey, no run full at off stump, punched firmly back to the bowler;
29.5;?;Mohammed to Carey, no run length ball outside off, cut to short third man;
29.4;2;Mohammed to Carey, 2 runs was trying some similar again, this runs through midwicket off a thick inside part of the bat;
29.3;4;Mohammed to Carey, FOUR runs and again! This one is dragged a little more, was in the air as well, skimmed down to long-on;
29.2;4;Mohammed to Carey, FOUR runs fuller at the stumps, that's a lovely piece of timing as he punches it straight down the ground;
29.1;?;Mohammed to Carey, no run aims to flick this from outside off into midwicket;
28.6;?;Walsh to Turner, no run full at off stump, defended. Steady opening over. Found his length, didn't dragged any down;
28.5;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run nudges this wide enough of midwicket for a scampered single;
28.4;?;Walsh to Carey, no run back in the crease, worked off the stumps into midwicket;
28.3;?;Walsh to Carey, no run good length at off stump, defended;
28.2;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run full outside off, driven through the covers, Darren Bravo dives over it;
28.1;1;Walsh to Carey, 1 run over the wicket, full outside off, whipped down the ground;
27.6;1;Mohammed to Carey, 1 run steps back and square drives a shorter delivery to deep point;
27.5;?;Mohammed to Carey, no run angled into the pads, Carey misses his flick, a strangled appeal but going down leg;
27.4;1;Mohammed to Turner, 1 run tucked off the pads into the square-leg area;
27.3;?;Mohammed to Turner, no run round the wicket, full at the toes, flicked to midwicket;
27.2;1;Mohammed to Carey, 1 run shorter, there's some slow turn, pushed to deep cover;
27.1;?;Mohammed to Carey, no run round the wicket, full outside off, driven and Mohammed dives across to field himself;
26.6;4;Hosein to Turner, FOUR runs low full toss on the pads, flicked neatly through midwicket. A loose way to finish, but a very solid unbroken 10-over spell from Hosein;
26.5;?;Hosein to Turner, no run slides on with the arm, played into the covers;
26.4;?;Hosein to Turner, no run short of a length, driven with an open face to point;
26.3;1;Hosein to Carey, 1 run flicked down the ground;
26.2;2;Hosein to Carey, 2 runs dragged down outside leg stump, an attempted knuckle ball, pulled towards fine leg;
26.1;1;Hosein to Turner, 1 run full at the stumps, driven wide of cover down to long-off;
25.6;?;Joseph to Carey, no run length ball outside off, drives to mid-off;
25.5;?;Joseph to Carey, no run short of a length outside off, nicely into position this time to punch off the back foot to cover;
25.4;?;Joseph to Carey, no run plays and misses as he aims to drive on the up outside off;
25.4;1w;Joseph to Carey, 1 wide pushed wide outside off to the left hander and called;
25.3;1;Joseph to Turner, 1 run not a great delivery to the new batter, on the pads, flicked to long leg;
25.2;W;Joseph to McDermott, OUT edged, taken at slip! More reward for Joseph. Back of a length outside off, hint of away movement, McDermott playing well away from his body. A healthy edge and neatly grabbed at the lone slip. Reward for keeping the catch in;Ben McDermott c Holder b Joseph 28 (111m 48b 2x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
25.1;?;Joseph to McDermott, no run back of a length outside off, 129kph, defended to cover;
24.6;?;Hosein to Carey, no run length ball outside off, Carey across the crease and plays to the leg side;
24.5;?;Hosein to Carey, no run good comeback, grips from outside off and spins past the inside edge into the back leg;
24.4;4;Hosein to Carey, FOUR runs oops, that goes a bit wrong, dragged well down, a long hop, and Carey pulls it through midwicket. Not sure if he tried something different;
24.3;?;Hosein to Carey, no run full at middle and leg, he overbalances a touch as he sweeps to short fine leg;
24.2;?;Hosein to Carey, no run touch flatter at off stump, he's forward and defends;
24.1;6;Hosein to Carey, SIX runs brings out the slog sweep and makes clean contact, sends it over backward square;
21.6;?;Holder to McDermott, no run 125kph, punched off the back foot to cover;
21.5;?;Holder to McDermott, no run slashes a square cut, almost reaches Walsh at backward point...will feel he missed out;
21.4;1;Holder to Henriques, 1 run outside off, square drives to deep point;
21.3;?;Holder to Henriques, no run extra bounce outside off from back of a length, Henriques plays it awkwardly;
21.2;1;Holder to McDermott, 1 run goes square through the off side to the sweeper;
21.1;?;Holder to McDermott, no run back of a length outside off, punched to cover;
20.6;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run full at off stump, defended;
20.5;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run more grip, this straightens from off stump, defended;
20.4;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run across outside off and sweeps, doesn't make a connection;
20.3;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run gets across to off stump and defends;
20.2;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run a louder appeal this time, but Henriques has come down the pitch;
20.1;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run strangled appeal for lbw as he plays across the line...too high;
19.6;1;Holder to Henriques, 1 run full outside off, angled wide of slip down to third man;
19.5;1;Holder to McDermott, 1 run full, in at the pads, flicked through midwicket - the sub Anderson Phillip might have done better;
19.4;?;Holder to McDermott, no run walks at the bowler and plays a back-of-a-length delivery into the covers;
19.3;1;Holder to Henriques, 1 run in the channel outside off, drop and run into the off side, would have been close if the under-arm flick from Walsh at hit at the striker's end. McDermott would have been gone;
19.2;?;Holder to Henriques, no run fuller outside off, left alone and carries low to Pooran;
19.1;1;Holder to McDermott, 1 run short of a length outside off, pushed to deep cover;
18.6;1;Hosein to McDermott, 1 run sweeps to deep square leg;
18.5;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run touch shorter, worked to the on side and Hosein comes across;
18.4;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run angled in at off stump, good length, defended;
18.3;1;Hosein to Henriques, 1 run moves well across the crease and sweeps from outside off, goes straight into short leg I think and rebounds away;
18.2;1;Hosein to McDermott, 1 run plays back and works off the pads into square leg;
18.1;1;Hosein to Henriques, 1 run just short of point! This grips, Henriques is driving and it spoons in the air square on the off side;
17.6;?;Joseph to McDermott, no run tucks a straight delivery into midwicket;
17.5;1;Joseph to Henriques, 1 run pushed down the leg side, goes for the pull but it dribbles off the face backward of square;
17.4;?;Joseph to Henriques, no run good length outside off, a hint of shape away, left alone;
17.3;?;Joseph to Henriques, no run full at off stump, 130kph, defended to cover;
17.2;?;Joseph to Henriques, no run short outside off, goes for the cut but mistimes off the bottom edge;
17.1;?;Joseph to Henriques, no run a full toss angled into the pads, flicked to midwicket;
16.6;1;Hosein to Henriques, 1 run fuller at the stumps, driven down the ground to long-off;
16.5;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run tight leave this time! Slides on outside off, he shoulders arms and it's close to off stump;
16.4;4b;Hosein to Henriques, 4 byes that's a beauty! Through everyone. An arm ball that slides on, skims past the inside edge and the bounce takes it over the stumps;
16.3;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run left alone outside off;
16.2;?;Hosein to Henriques, no run good length at middle stump, he stretches well forward and defends;
16.1;3;Hosein to McDermott, 3 runs full outside off, threads the off side with a well-timed drive into the covers;
15.6;W;Joseph to Marsh, OUT big appeal for a catch down leg given not out! Looked like it came off the face of the bat or glove on the live shot. And Pollard goes for the review. Before they can even go to the third umpire, Marsh starts walking off, he knows he's hit it! Sharp take by Pooran diving down leg on this back of a length ball. Snicko shows it did indeed come off the open bat face. He was playing well away from his body so it could only have been an edge on the live camera shot down the pitch. Not sure what umpire Joel Wilson was looking at to think it could have come off the pad or thigh guard instead of glove. But the correct decision is made via a third umpire overturn in the end.;Mitchell Marsh c ?Pooran b Joseph 20 (25m 22b 3x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
15.5;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run full on fifth stump at 132 kph, Marsh steps forward to drive and smashes it straight back to Joseph off a bounce.;
15.4;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run and a wonderful comeback ball from Joseph beats the outside edge! Back of a length on fourth stump seams away a touch and beats Marsh's defensive poke.;
15.3;4;Joseph to Marsh, FOUR runs check the ball for some burn marks! Short and wide, a fiery cut shot smolders to the rope through backward point.;
15.2;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball on fourth stump, defended to cover.;
15.1;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball on fifth stump at 134 kph, left alone.;
14.6;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run full on off, defended to point.;
14.5;4;Hosein to McDermott, FOUR runs flighted more and full on fifth stump, goes to drive through cover and the ball turns to clip the edge going through vacant slip and teases short third man to the rope.;
14.4;1;Hosein to Marsh, 1 run full on fourth stump, sweeps this firmly through square leg for one.;
14.3;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run full on off, defended on the front foot.;
14.2;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run good length ball on off, goes back to defend.;
14.1;2;Hosein to Marsh, 2 runs full on leg stump, another paddle sweep goes to deep fine leg.;
13.6;1;Joseph to Marsh, 1 run fuller on fifth stump, smokes a drove but picks out Lewis on the rope at cover sweeper for a flashy single.;
13.5;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run short and wide outside off at 134 kph, goes to cut and is beaten.;
13.4;1;Joseph to McDermott, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump at 134 kph, prodded into the covers with soft hands for a sharp single.;
13.3;2;Joseph to McDermott, 2 runs length ball on off stump at 138 kph, pulls this high over midwicket into the wind and it plops well short of the rope before Hosein runs back from midwicket in the ring to track it down.;
13.2;1;Joseph to Marsh, 1 run back of a length on off, guides this with soft hands wide of short third man for a single.;
13.1;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run back of a length on fifth stump at 136 kph, some extra bounce to this and pings Marsh in the gloves before it caroms to cover.;
12.6;1;Hosein to Marsh, 1 run fuller and a touch wider on fifth stump, Marsh presses forward and edges this along the turf well wide of Holder at slip for one.;
12.5;4;Hosein to Marsh, FOUR runs full on off again, this time Marsh middles this sweep powerfully along the turf through square leg and it skids to the rope.;
12.4;2;Hosein to Marsh, 2 runs top-edged sweep swirls into no man's land! It was flighted full on off, Marsh pops this up against the spin and it flies over short fine leg before landing safely for two.;
12.3;?;Hosein to Marsh, no run full on off, defended to cover.;
12.2;4;Hosein to Marsh, FOUR runs full on the legs, paddle sweep goes very fine toward the fine leg rope. Lewis doesn't exactly bust it to try to cut it off at the rope. If it was a World Cup final he probably would've put in a dive to turn a four into two.;
12.1;1;Hosein to McDermott, 1 run full on off and pushed for a sharp single to mid-on.;
11.6;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run full on off stump again, defended to mid-off.;
11.5;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball on fourth stump, defended to extra cover.;
11.4;?;Joseph to Marsh, no run good length ball on off, defended.;
11.3;1;Joseph to McDermott, 1 run good length ball on off, tap and run with soft hands in front of point. Walsh Jr attacks to try to cut off the run but commits a rare fumble picking his head up early before he had the ball in hand trying to rush a runout chance.;
11.2;?;Joseph to McDermott, no run good length ball on middle, defended to mid-on.;
11.1;?;Joseph to McDermott, no run back of a length on off, defended to cover.;
10.6;W;Hosein to Philippe, OUT Philippe throws his wicket away after a solid start. It was a good ball from Hosein that needed to be respected with a simple forward defense but instead Philippe gets carried away backing away trying to cut and leaves his stumps very exposed. He mistimes the shot and drags on with a bottom edge.;Josh Philippe b Hosein 39 (45m 42b 4x4 2x6) SR: 92.85;
10.5;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run short and wide on fifth stump, backs away and cuts this to cover.;
10.4;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run flighted very full and Philippe premeditates a reverse sweep but misses. Huge lbw shout denied. Looked like a good one but Pollard decides against a DRS review. He was hit in front of middle and off, but may have got glove? Although replays indicate it was forearm.;
10.3;1;Hosein to McDermott, 1 run short on fifth stump, goes back and punches to the cover sweeper.;
10.2;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run good length on fourth stump, punched to cover.;
10.1;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run good length ball on off at 92 kph, goes back to defend to cover.;
9.6;?;Mohammed to Philippe, no run good length ball on middle, Philippe wanted to dance down the track again but changed his mind mid-flight and defends.;
9.5;6;Mohammed to Philippe, SIX runs full and flat on middle, Philippe uses his feet and clocks an elegant pendulum drive over wide long-on 10 yards beyond the rope.;
9.4;1;Mohammed to McDermott, 1 run good length ball on the legs, flicked through the leg side this time for one.;
9.3;?;Mohammed to McDermott, no run good length ball sticks and spins sharply on the legs, McDermott is through the pull shot early and it pops off the hips.;
9.2;1;Mohammed to Philippe, 1 run fuller on off stump, goes back to flick through the leg side for one.;
9.1;4;Mohammed to Philippe, FOUR runs poor ball first up, lands it very short and very wide, outside the guidelines and would've been signaled wide had it been left alone but Philippe reaches out to spank a cut behind point to the rope.;
8.6;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run very sharp turn to another full ball on sixth stump that rips sharply away to elude another attempted sweep.;
8.5;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run flighted fuller on fifth stump, sucks McDermott into a forward prod and rips past the edge. Sounded like a noise but Pooran was the only one appealing, not out.;
8.4;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run good length ball on off, defended to point.;
8.3;?;Hosein to McDermott, no run beauty! Good length ball pitches on off stump and straightens past off stump beating a back foot defensive prod.;
8.2;1;Hosein to Philippe, 1 run flights this fuller and wider on sixth stump, premeditated sweep sends this along the turf to deep square leg.;
8.1;?;Hosein to Philippe, no run bowls this flat and full on leg stump at 89 kph, defended to the leg side.;

First bowling change, and first spin of the day. Akeal Hosein enters with left-arm spin around the stumps. Slip in place.
 Innings Start
10.08 pm So Hayden Walsh Jr's maiden ODI five-for winds up in vain as Mitchell Starc's new-ball bonanza, including a wicket off the first ball of the chase, ends in his eighth ODI five-for to demolish the West Indies top order at 27 for 6 and paves the way for a lopsided end result. Only captain Kieron Pollard's 56 off 57 balls spared the hosts from being bowled out for double-digits. Alex Carey wins on his Australia ODI captaincy debut standing in for Aaron Finch. Ten points scooped up by Australia in the World Cup Super League points table is a solid start after being dominated in the T20I series that preceded the start of tonight's ODIs.
Player of the Match is Mitchell Starc for his 5 for 48: "It was a special day. We had three debutants and a bloke captaining for the first time for Australia. We did a fantastic job with the bat to get to 250. It was important for two older blokes with the ball to start us off really well and I thought we were fantastic in the Powerplay. We thought there was some variable bounce and different pace there and fortunately helped us a little bit there so it was a nice start with the ball to carry on from a bit of momentum with the bat. It was nice for the group to get [Alex Carey] a win in his first game as captain."
West Indies captain Kieron Pollard: "I think we did pretty well [with the ball]. Par score here is about 260-270. Being able to restrict them to about 250-odd I think was a fantastic effort by the bowlers. If I'm brutally honest I thought we gave away about 20-25 runs in the field with some freebies. But I thought the way the guys bowled, the bowlers have been doing a fantastic job for us. [On the batting performance] It is what it is. My biggest thing in that is that I want the guys to fight. Just because the ball is swinging or moving, don't just give it away with soft dismissals. Let them work for your wicket. Because sometimes it's good ball, [doesn't] mean that you have to get out to it. The most important factor to me is we didn't show that sort of fight. We knew Australia is very dangerous with the new ball and that's where they look to pounce on oppositions. Once we can fight through that, watching the rest of the attack I think it's something we can manage. So we have to find a way to get through those first 10 overs and see where that takes us."
Australia captain Alex Carey: "Not only for me but for three other boys, to make their debuts and to get a win on debut is always fantastic. The three of them performed really well so I'm excited for them and excited for the group to bounce back after the T20 series. Obviously the two quicks up front were pretty special as well. We won the toss and we batted and I thought the wicket might have played a little bit different to what it did. But for us to adapt and put a score on the board, but then for the Powerplay to go the way it did for us was fantastic. Ashton played a really crucial role. I was probably cruising along a little bit and he was getting on with it so he took the pressure off. [On Starc and Hazlewood] I probably haven't seen a Powerplay like that before but when they get it right we know how damaging they are."
Australia move up to sole possession of third in the World Cup Super League table, having claimed 50 out of a possible 70 points from their seven matches so far. West Indies remain tied for seventh with New Zealand and Afghanistan on 30 points. However, Afghanistan and New Zealand have both taken three from three while West Indies have only won three of seven games in the Super League thus far.
That's it from me and Andrew McGlashan tonight. Come back and join us on Thursday afternoon for the second match in this ODI series from Barbados. Until then, I'm Peter Della Penna. Take care!
26.2;W;Zampa to Walsh, OUT flights this full on fourth stump, Walsh Jr stretches forward in defense and a thin edge is bobbled initially by Carey behind the stumps before he takes it on the second effort. Australia clinch a blowout victory by 133 runs on DLS Method.;Hayden Walsh c ?Carey b Zampa 20 (41m 26b 4x4 0x6) SR: 76.92;
26.1;1;Zampa to Cottrell, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, goes back to flick behind square leg for one.;
25.6;4;Starc to Walsh, FOUR runs goes for yorker on off stump at 146 kph, misfires on the length and lands in the slot to be smashed back over mid-on for a boundary.;
25.5;?;Starc to Walsh, no run short ball on the stumps at 143 kph, ducks under this.;
25.4;4;Starc to Walsh, FOUR runs back of a length ball on the hips, flicked off the closed bat face very fine at 137 kph and Carey is late diving down the leg side as it goes to the rope. Given as runs.;
25.3;?;Starc to Walsh, no run bouncer on leg stump at 143 kph, ducked under by Walsh Jr.;
25.2;4;Starc to Walsh, FOUR runs full in the slot on off stump, a sumptuous cover drive clears the fielder on the ring and dribbles to the rope.;
25.1;1;Starc to Cottrell, 1 run yorker on middle stabbed out through cover.;
24.6;?;Agar to Walsh, no run back of a length on off stump this time at 138 kph, Walsh Jr finally forced to play a back foot defense to cover.;
24.5;?;Agar to Walsh, no run back of a length on fifth stump, still can't tempt Walsh Jr into a cut, left alone.;
24.4;?;Agar to Walsh, no run short ball on sixth stump at 129 kph, left alone.;
24.3;1;Agar to Cottrell, 1 run length ball on fifth stump, slaps this into the ground to mid-on for a single.;
24.3;1nb;Agar to Cottrell, (no ball) no ball on height as Agar sprays this past Cottrell's hips down the leg side, well saved by Carey to keep it from going to the rope for five. Free hit to come.;
24.2;1;Agar to Walsh, 1 run fullish length on off stump, drives at this and edges it along the ground to deep third man.;
24.1;2;Agar to Walsh, 2 runs full on the legs, chips this out through mid-on and a sliding effort at the rope keeps it to two.;
23.6;?;Starc to Cottrell, no run wide yorker on seventh stump left alone.;
23.5;1;Starc to Walsh, 1 run bouncer on off stump, Walsh Jr is tucked up with this 144 kph delivery and nailed on the right glove as it caroms to third man.;
23.4;?;Starc to Walsh, no run short ball on leg stump, ducked under.;
23.3;4;Starc to Walsh, FOUR runs fullish length ball in the slot on sixth stump at 142 kph, encourages a drive from Walsh Jr and he flays this through cover to the rope.;
23.2;?;Starc to Walsh, no run yorker on middle, Walsh Jr digs this back out to mid-off.;
23.1;1;Starc to Cottrell, 1 run length ball on leg stump at 144 kph, pokes this out behind point to third man to get off the mark.;
22.6;?;Agar to Walsh, no run back of a length on off stump at 132 kph, defends this back to Agar.;
22.5;?;Agar to Walsh, no run bouncer angled across fourth stump at 140 kph, left alone.;
22.4;?;Agar to Walsh, no run fullish length ball angled across fourth stump, sucks Walsh Jr into a drive and is late.;
22.3;?;Agar to Walsh, no run good length ball pitching well outside leg, defends at this and is hit on the hips.;
22.2;?;Agar to Walsh, no run good length ball on sixth stump, left alone at 134 kph.;
22.1;?;Agar to Walsh, no run good length ball on fifth stump, left alone.;
21.6;W;Starc to Hosein, OUT full, straight and lbw! Five wickets for Starc. Brilliant stuff. Went for the yorker, it's actually a low full toss but does the same business. Hosien has opted to review but this looked out. Smashing leg stump;Akeal Hosein lbw b Starc 0 (6m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
21.5;?;Starc to Hosein, no run good length at off stump, 141kph, defended to mid-on;
21.4;?;Starc to Hosein, no run appeal for lbw but that appears to have struck him outside the line. They might have been shouting for lbw actually. He didn't hit it;
21.3;W;Starc to Pollard, OUT edged, taken at slip! Superb bowling. What a night for Starc. A good-length delivery pitching around middle, squares up Pollard and the edge carries low to Turner at slip;Kieron Pollard c Turner b Starc 56 (89m 57b 5x4 3x6) SR: 98.24;
21.2;?;Starc to Pollard, no run full outside off, 140kph, driven to mid-off;
21.1;?;Starc to Pollard, no run over the wicket, good length at middle and leg, takes a thick inside edge to long leg and he declines the run. Interesting to farm the strike with No. 9 in;
20.6;?;Marsh to Walsh, no run back of a length, angled across outside off and left alone;
20.6;1w;Marsh to Walsh, 1 wide short of a length down the leg side, the umpire ponders and then calls wide;
20.5;?;Marsh to Walsh, no run over the wicket, a short ball, Walsh sways out of the line...had plenty of time as not much pace in the pitch;
20.4;1;Marsh to Pollard, 1 run fuller, flicks firmly across the line out to deep square leg;
20.3;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run back of a length at off stump, defended down by his feet;
20.2;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run slashes at a fullish delivery outside off and slices to short third man;
20.1;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run good length at the stumps, defended to midwicket;
19.6;?;Agar to Walsh, no run well bowled, slightly tighter to off stump and makes him play, straightens to beat the edge;
19.5;?;Agar to Walsh, no run touch shorter outside off, through to the keeper;
19.4;?;Agar to Walsh, no run round the wicket, full outside off, left alone;
19.3;1;Agar to Pollard, 1 run excellent delivery, good length at off stump, nips away and squares up Pollard taking an outside edge to third man;
19.2;?;Agar to Pollard, no run gets a good stride forward, takes his bottom hand off the bat as he defends;
19.1;?;Agar to Pollard, no run back of a length at off stump, 136kph, walks into a defensive shot;
18.6;W;Marsh to Joseph, OUT through him! The partnership is broken. A fuller delivery from Marsh, Joseph's feet don't really move and the ball skids past the bat into off stump;Alzarri Joseph b Marsh 17 (60m 33b 1x4 1x6) SR: 51.51;
18.5;?;Marsh to Joseph, no run good delivery, nips back off the seam, trapped off an inside edge;
18.4;1;Marsh to Pollard, 1 run works a straight delivery off his body backward of square;
18.3;2;Marsh to Pollard, 2 runs short at the hip, tucked to fine leg;
18.2;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run pushes this up fuller, 125kph, defended to mid-on;
18.1;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run back of a length, straight, defended;
18.1;1w;Marsh to Pollard, 1 wide short, angles down the leg side, Pollard stays inside the line;
17.6;1;Agar to Pollard, 1 run tucks a straight delivery down to long leg;
17.5;?;Agar to Pollard, no run he's a bit early into the drive as he comes forward, pops off an inside edge into the leg side...in the air for a while;
17.4;1;Agar to Joseph, 1 run short of a length at off stump, angled down to third man;
17.3;?;Agar to Joseph, no run full and straight, a technically very correct on-drive finds the fielder;
17.2;1;Agar to Pollard, 1 run full at the stumps, tucked to the right of mid-on and takes Pollard to a 41-ball fifty;
17.1;4;Agar to Pollard, FOUR runs a short ball on middle and leg, puts this away nicely as he rolls his wrists on the hook;
16.6;?;Marsh to Joseph, no run plays and misses as he drives off the back foot;
16.6;1w;Marsh to Joseph, 1 wide full and down the leg side;
16.5;?;Marsh to Joseph, no run touch of extra bounce on this one, short of a length outside off, jabbed towards short third man;
16.4;1lb;Marsh to Pollard, 1 leg bye fuller, in at the pads, an appeal for lbw as Pollard misses his flick but that look comfortably leg side;
16.3;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run good length outside off, defended;
16.2;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run short of a length, nips back and think that took inside edge or glove but didn't carry through to Carey. Might have been back leg, actually;
16.1;?;Marsh to Pollard, no run short of a length outside off, played to backward point;
15.6;?;Agar to Joseph, no run full outside off, left alone;
15.5;?;Agar to Joseph, no run excellent delivery...back of a length outside off, rises past the edge as Joseph tries to pull the bat inside the line;
15.5;1w;Agar to Joseph, 1 wide a bouncer, 134kph, ducks underneath and it's called wide on height;
15.4;?;Agar to Joseph, no run a good-looking drive finds mid-off;
15.3;1lb;Agar to Pollard, 1 leg bye angled into the pads, deflects away;
15.2;?;Agar to Pollard, no run a short ball outside off, loops gently through to Carey as Pollard drops his hands;
15.1;?;Agar to Pollard, no run full at off stump, 135kph, onto the front foot and drives to mid-off;
14.6;4;Zampa to Joseph, FOUR runs clubbed straight down the ground, a strong shot from Joseph to keep the pressure on Zampa;
14.5;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run very full at off stump, driven to cover;
14.4;1;Zampa to Pollard, 1 run short of a length, whipped down the ground to long-on;
14.3;1;Zampa to Joseph, 1 run dropped! A full delivery, driven firmly back to Zampa at head height but it bursts through his hands;
14.2;?;Zampa to Joseph, no run big appeal for lbw! Was there bat involved? Well, Carey has been persuaded into a review. Yep, he's nicked that onto his front pad;
14.1;2;Zampa to Joseph, 2 runs lofts this over midwicket and into plenty of space, although it wasn't timed cleanly;
13.6;1;Agar to Joseph, 1 run full at off stump, he drives and it skews off a thick inside edge to deep midwicket. Good start for Agar;
13.5;?;Agar to Joseph, no run big appeal for lbw but that looked high as Joseph shuffled across the crease;
13.4;?;Agar to Joseph, no run this one is a little fuller, Joseph defends on the front foot;
13.3;?;Agar to Joseph, no run keeps it short of a length, 139kph, defended on the back foot;
13.2;?;Agar to Joseph, no run touch shorter, worked to the on side;
13.1;?;Agar to Joseph, no run back of a length at off stump, played to the covers;
12.6;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run good length ball on the stumps, defended.;
12.5;6;Zampa to Pollard, SIX runs watch out cameramen! There's hardly anyone in the ground but Pollard manages to still pick out a pair of the production staff on the front of the second tier just above the "WORRELL WEEKES & WALCOTT STAND" block lettering! Pollard with a mighty blow straight back down the ground as there are three cameramen who all scurried and left their five-figure equipment exposed. All animate and inanimate figures wind up unscathed, for now!;
12.4;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run good length ball on leg stump spins back as a sharp legbreak, big lbw shout but sounded like a thick inside edge into the pads as Pollard flicks across the line. Given not out. Carey calls for the review. Even without any edge, this may have pitched outside leg or may be missing leg. Not a lot going for this review. Indeed it pitches a full two or three inches outside leg stump. Review lost by Australia.;
12.3;6;Zampa to Pollard, SIX runs flights this googly full on fourth stump, Pollard slaughters this high and deep over wide long-on, this time clearing it all the way into the grandstand. He didn't middle it by any stretch but raw strength ensures it carries for maximum value.;
12.2;2;Zampa to Pollard, 2 runs flights this fuller on middle stump, Pollard heaves this in the air over the man at short midwicket and it's cut off by wide long-on for a pair.;
12.1;4;Zampa to Pollard, FOUR runs good length ball on fifth stump, Pollard cleverly goes back and opens the face with no slip in place, safe shot off a thick edge controlled past the keeper to the third man rope.;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run good length ball on fourth stump at 136 kph, prods forward and an inside edge cannons into the pads.;
11.5;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended to extra cover.;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on off stump, defended.;
11.3;6;Hazlewood to Joseph, SIX runs bouncer on fifth stump, Joseph takes on this 136 kph delivery and heaves a pull high and handsome over the midwicket rope.;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on off stump at 136 kph, firm punch back to Hazlewood who fields in his follow-through.;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on the stumps, defended.;
10.6;4;Zampa to Pollard, FOUR runs googly lands full on fifth stump, Pollard heaves this aiming for mid-off, skews this off a thick inner half of the bat but he's got enough forearm muscle to still propel this through wide long-on past the fielder's diving effort in vain to the rope.;
10.5;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back to punch to mid-off.;
10.4;?;Zampa to Pollard, no run quicker ball short on the stumps, Pollard goes to pull but it skids on and a bottom edge goes just past leg stump.;
10.3;1;Zampa to Joseph, 1 run good length ball on off stump, goes back to punch through mid-off for one.;
10.2;1;Zampa to Pollard, 1 run googly on off stump on a good length, prod forward and an inside edge goes through square leg.;
10.1;6;Zampa to Pollard, SIX runs Pollard doesn't even have a look! Flighted full on middle, Pollard punches this flat back over the bowler to the long-on rope.;
9.6;1;Hazlewood to Pollard, 1 run good length ball on the stumps, flicked through square leg.;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Pollard, no run back of a length on off stump at 140 kph, defended.;
9.4;1;Hazlewood to Joseph, 1 run full on off, defended off a thick edge wide of second slip to deep third man.;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on middle at 131 kph, flicked to midwicket.;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on sixth stump, Joseph goes to drive at this 135 kph delivery and is late.;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run full on off, punched to cover on the ring.;
8.6;?;Starc to Pollard, no run short on the stumps, Pollard goes to pull this 144 kph delivery aiming for forward short leg to shoo him out of the position but only manages to bottom edge this into his own feet.;
8.5;?;Starc to Pollard, no run full on the pads again, flicks this defensively to forward short leg.;
8.4;?;Starc to Pollard, no run good length ball on middle, goes to flick through midwicket, inside edge off the pads. That looked like it was heading for the stumps as Pollard left a big gap but the inside edge saves him off the thigh.;
8.3;?;Starc to Pollard, no run back of a length on sixth stump, Pollard goes to cut and the ball climbs past the shot with some extra bounce.;
8.2;2;Starc to Pollard, 2 runs full on the stumps, chips this through midwicket along the turf for a pair.;
8.1;4;Starc to Pollard, FOUR runs edge! Flies over Turner at second slip! Starc pitches this up on fifth stump, Pollard attacks and it comes flying high over both first and second slip leaping in the air. It would've taken someone of Holder or Joseph's height to be able to latch onto that.;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run fullish length on off stump, punched to cover.;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Joseph, no run bouncer on middle stump, ducked under by Joseph.;
7.4;W;Hazlewood to Holder, OUT bounced out! My goodness. West Indies are finding all sorts of creative ways to get out in sloppy fashion. Basic short ball plan set by Australia, shocking to see someone of Holder's experience fall for the trap but he obliges by pulling this short ball off leg stump straight down Zampa's throat at deep fine leg. Never had to move. Takes it in front of his face with palms facing out.;Jason Holder c Zampa b Hazlewood 0 (10m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run fullish length on off stump, defended on the front foot and a thick edge squirts along the ground to second slip.;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run back of a length on off, defended back to Hazlewood.;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Holder, no run full on off stump, punched back to mid-off.;
6.6;?;Starc to Pollard, no run full and wide, left alone.;
6.5;?;Starc to Pollard, no run full on fifth stump, pushes this into the off side ring.;
6.4;?;Starc to Pollard, no run bouncer on leg stump, doesn't climb as much as Pollard expected and he's pinged in the ribs while ducking.;
6.3;?;Starc to Pollard, no run back of a length on off, Pollard reaches forward to defend as the ball spits off the pitch into the gloves.;
6.2;?;Starc to Pollard, no run short on fourth stump, Pollard shoulders arms.;
6.1;4;Starc to Pollard, FOUR runs yorker on fourth stump at 145 kph, Pollard squeezes this out off a thick edge and it goes wide of the slips cordon to the rope. Nobody at deep third man as Australia attack for more wickets.;
5.6;W;Hazlewood to Bravo, OUT pitches it up to encourage the drive and a loose shot goes straight to cover on the ring. Full delivery on fourth stump, very very limp drive from Bravo, no effort to keep it down, no effort to really get under it to clear the ring either. Just shovels it in the air nearer the toe of the bat and it flutters to Marsh on the ring who reaches up in front of his face to claim this with ease.;Darren Bravo c Marsh b Hazlewood 2 (25m 9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 22.22;
5.5;1;Hazlewood to Pollard, 1 run back of a length on off, defended past forward short leg and they take a run.;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Pollard, no run back of a length on off stump, defended to midwicket.;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Pollard, no run bouncer on leg stump, Pollard hops up and flinches as the ball continues on to the keeper after possibly flicking the jersey on the shoulder.;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Pollard, no run full on middle again, defended back to the bowler.;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Pollard, no run full on middle and leg, defended.;
4.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run back of a length on fifth stump at 144 kph, left alone.;
4.5;3;Starc to Pollard, 3 runs full inswinger at 142 kph on leg stump, Pollard flicks this off a thick edge through square leg. Starc nearly snuck that through the gate just like the Mohammed dismissal but Pollard just gets a touch of bat on this.;
4.4;W;Starc to Pooran, OUT full on middle and leg, Pooran late on a flick and is pinged on the pads. Huge lbw shout upheld. Pooran goes for the review but this is not going to be overturned. He was hit very full on middle and leg. Only a prayer on ball-tracking will take this past leg stump. Sure enough ball-tracking shows it was clipping leg stump. Umpire's call is what shows up on the screen. On-field call stands. He was falling across his stumps with his head unbalanced. Starc continues to be a menace in this spell by attacking that middle and leg stump line.;Nicholas Pooran lbw b Starc 0 (6m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.3;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run full on the stumps, driven down the pitch toward mid-on for a run.;
4.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run fullish length ball tails down leg, nothing on the bat or the body. And no wide called by umpire Brathwaite. So a wide called last over by Starc when the ball did hit Bravo's body going down leg. And now no wide called when it goes down leg without touching anything... Bravo is confused, and he's not the only one!;
4.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run full on middle stump at 145 kph, defended to midwicket.;
3.6;?;Hazlewood to Pooran, no run beaten! Fullish length ball on fourth stump, Pooran pokes at this and it whistles past the edge.;
3.5;W;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, OUT another leading edge back to the bowler! West Indies batters still not adjusting to the sticky/two-paced nature of this wicket. Another full ball on leg stump, Hetmyer through his flick early and Hazlewood's eyes light up seeing this float back to his left at a very gentle pace. He changes his direction enough to get within arm's length to pluck this one-handed with his left hand at chest height. If Hazlewood had to he could have gone two-handed but it was coming back at a slow enough pace that he took the casual approach and clutched on with ease.;Shimron Hetmyer c & b Hazlewood 11 (24m 12b 2x4 0x6) SR: 91.66;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run back of a length on the stumps, opens up the face to guide this with soft hands to deep third man.;
3.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run good length ball on fourth stump at 138 kph, left alone.;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run fullish length angled across sixth stump, left alone.;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run bouncer over leg stump at 136 kph, ducks under it to leave.;
2.6;4;Starc to Hetmyer, FOUR runs fullish length ball on the legs again at 144 kph, flicked behind square and whistles to the rope.;
2.5;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on the stumps, defended to mid-on.;
2.4;2;Starc to Hetmyer, 2 runs another leg stump half-volley at 141 kph, another near wicket as Hetmyer checks his drive a touch with the ball sticking in the wicket again and it just barely clears Zampa's bunny hop at mid-on.;
2.3;4;Starc to Hetmyer, FOUR runs fullish length on leg stump, similar ball that got Lewis out to start the chase but Hetmyer keeps his hands back a touch more and flicks it in the air over square leg for a boundary.;
2.2;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on fifth stump, beats Hetmyer's swipe with extra bounce.;
2.2;2w;Starc to Bravo, 2 wide full on the pads, goes to flick this down leg, comes off the pads, keeper grasses the ball down the leg side and they take an extra. Umpire Brathwaite inexplicably signals this a wide so West Indies get a bonus run and ball as Hetmyer comes on strike. There was a clear noise and deflection. Starc reacts incredulously to the wide call.;
2.2;1w;Starc to Bravo, 1 wide back of a length ball tails down leg side at 145 kph.;
2.1;W;Starc to Mohammed, OUT yummy inswinger rocks the stumps! Pitches this up full on off stump and it curls back to beat Mohammed, who leaves a monumental gap between bat and pad on an ill-fated drive before off stump is uprooted.;Jason Mohammed b Starc 2 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on middle, defended back to Hazlewood.;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run good length ball on the legs, flicked to mid-on.;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on off stump, guided to backward point.;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on fifth stump at 131 kph, left alone.;
1.2;1;Hazlewood to Mohammed, 1 run full on middle, flicked through wide mid-on for a single.;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Mohammed, no run full on off stump, defended into the covers.;
0.6;1lb;Starc to Mohammed, 1 leg bye yorker on leg stump, Mohammad late on a flick as this goes well down leg side off the pads to fine leg. Stifled lbw shout and Carey doesn't think about reviewing it, already walking to the opposite end after an extra is awarded.;
0.5;?;Starc to Mohammed, no run full inswinger at 144 kph on middle stump, defended to mid-on.;
0.4;1;Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run full on off stump, pushes this wide of mid-off for a sharp run.;
0.3;?;Starc to Hetmyer, no run back of a length on fifth stump at 145 kph, sharp extra bounce clears through to the keeper.;
0.2;1;Starc to Mohammed, 1 run short on fifth stump, goes back to cut this to deep third man.;
0.1;W;Starc to Lewis, OUT Starc strikes first ball with an athletic return catch off a leading edge! Not the best ball, was really a leg stump half-volley that should've been flicked away through midwicket but this pitch has been sticky/up and down all match and it holds up in the wicket enough for Lewis to be through the shot a touch early as the ball floats back toward Starc, who continues striding forward to take this at knee height before tumbling forward to the turf.;Evin Lewis c & b Starc 0 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

Hetmyer out to open the batting with Shai Hope absent injured from this match due to an ankle injury. Evin Lewis opening as per usual. Starc has the new ball in hand. Slight delay as two golf carts drag a rope around the outfield to soak up some moisture.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
1st ODI (D/N), Bridgetown, Jul 20 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
252/9
123
Player of the match is Mitchell Starc, AUS
Australia won by 133 runs (D/L method)
