Data
12:40pm: England needed only 100 minutes to rout Australia for 60. Broad was at the epicenter of England's superb bowling effort, finishing with career-best figures of 8 for 15 in 9.3 overs. The hosts' slip catching was sharp while Australia did not show the willingness to knuckle down and grind. This means that their bowlers have a massive task ahead.
Animesh: "Johnson (8), Lyon(11) and Hazelwood(10) Australia batted out 60 balls (10 overs). The remaining 8 players lasted just 51 balls.. "
Rajendra Gunjal: "This scorecard is look like 10 digit premium mobile number"
Imrul: "wonder how many times 'extras' have been the top scorer in an innings?"
Broad: "It was pretty unbeleivable. It hasn't sunk in. Trent Bridge offers something on a full of a length, Ben Stokes was stunning. It was one of those things, you don't think much about. It was a delight, this is such a big week for us. Hopefully, we get a big lead. We have players who are used to the conditions. We have to leave well and not push at balls outside off."
18.3;W;Broad to Lyon, OUT Phew, that was quick! Broad eight, Australia routed for 60 in 18.3 overs.. Good length and swerves away outside off with some extra bounce. Lyon simply pushes his bat in the channel, does so with firm hands and edges it to sixth slip. Broad draws level with Fred Trueman. Fittingly, Broad raises the ball, acknowledges the cheers from the home crowd, and leads his side off the field.;Nathan Lyon c Stokes b Broad 9 (22m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 45;
18.2;4;Broad to Lyon, FOUR runs on a good length and much closer to off, slashed up and over the slip cordon. The ball runs away to the third-man boundary;
18.1;?;Broad to Lyon, no run too full and too wide outside off, Lyon does not want any of it;
17.6;?;Finn to Hazlewood, no run short and on middle, Hazlewood gets behind the line and blunts it onto the pitch;
17.6;2nb;Finn to Lyon, (no ball) 1 run neatly picked away off the pads to long leg... And Finn has overstepped;
17.5;?;Finn to Lyon, no run an appeal for lbw, umpire Dar shakes his head. Cook is not interested in a review. Good length with extra bounce and raps Lyon just above the knee-roll as he does not connect with a flick. It would have sailed over the stumps, perhaps going down leg as well;
17.4;?;Finn to Lyon, no run more on a good length and curves in, Lyon is happy to pull his bat out of the way;
17.3;?;Finn to Lyon, no run short and dragged wide outside off, another easy-ish leave for Lyon;
17.2;?;Finn to Lyon, no run back of a length and jags away off the seam outside off. No shot offered;
17.1;?;Finn to Lyon, no run back of a length and outside off, left alone;
16.6;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run another maiden. Looks like Broad owns Trent Bridge. Back of a length with some teasing movement. Hazlewood plays inside the line and is beaten, again;
16.5;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and outside off, Hazlewood leans back, flashes and only connects with a whole lot of thin air;
16.4;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and outside off, Hazlewood does not bother with it;
16.3;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run Hazlewood flits away outside leg, Broad hurls it short and outside off. No shot offered;
16.2;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run zipping through outside off with on a short of a length. Hazlewood was lured into having a crack at it before pulling his bat away;
16.1;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run back of a length and on middle, Hazlewood is caught in a tangle as he pokes it to sixth slip;
15.6;?;Finn to Lyon, no run shortish in length and outside off, Lyon hops and quells it in front of the covers;
15.5;?;Finn to Lyon, no run dragged short and down leg. Lyon can't help it away with the angle;
15.4;?;Finn to Lyon, no run testing short ball, Lyon camps back and fends it to short leg;
15.3;4;Finn to Lyon, FOUR runs good length and on middle, Lyon chips it over Hazlewood's head. Short leg and Broad chase the ball. The latter slides and hunts it down by the edge of the boundary;
15.2;?;Finn to Lyon, no run much fuller and creeps away a bit outside off, Lyon pushes with firm hands and is beaten;
15.1;?;Finn to Lyon, no run back of a length and climbs outside off, scuds past the outside edge;
14.6;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run angled outside off, Hazlewood watches it through to the keeper;
14.5;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run banged in short and climbs over the stumps, belated leave from Hazlewood;
14.4;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run good length, Hazlewood, perhaps goes for a booming drive but can can only inside edge it;
14.3;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run much better from Hazlewood. Length and outside off, no shot offered;
14.2;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run even fuller and outside off, leaving Hazlewood prodding and missing;
14.1;?;Broad to Hazlewood, no run pitched up and outside off, Hazlewood steps away, manufactures room. He has a whoosh and misses;
13.6;?;Finn to Lyon, no run dug in short on off, Lyon camps back and fends it safely to leg;
13.5;?;Finn to Lyon, no run back of a length with a hint of extra bounce outside off, the outside edge does not carry to Stokes at fifth slip;
13.4;?;Finn to Lyon, no run good length and shaping away outside off, Lyon covers his off stump and lets it pass;
13.3;?;Finn to Lyon, no run slung down leg, Lyon can't connect with a flick;
13.2;?;Finn to Lyon, no run back of a length and curling away, Lyon responds with a tentative leave;
13.1;3;Finn to Hazlewood, 3 runs back of a length and on middle and leg, worked to leg off the back foot. Australia reach 50 and the Trent Bridge crowd cheers (sarcasm, much?);
12.6;W;Broad to Johnson, OUT Mitch Johnson departs. Broad continues to torment Australia. Good length and hurled outside off, nips away a touch off the seam. Johnson is crease bound as he wafts and edges it to Root again at third slip. Broad has seven in seven overs;Mitchell Johnson c Root b Broad 13 (34m 25b 2x4 0x6) SR: 52;
12.5;1;Broad to Hazlewood, 1 run good length and angled in, he hangs back and pokes a single in front of the covers;
12.4;W;Broad to Starc, OUT edged again, taken this time. Broad has his sixth at his home ground. Root pouches it with no fuss. The umpire's check for a possible no ball but Broad is okay. Good length ball in the channel, Starc is caught in the crease as he flirts and nicks it to third slip at a comfortable height..;Mitchell Starc c Root b Broad 1 (16m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 12.5;
12.3;?;Broad to Starc, no run angled in full, Starc has to play at it. He wafts loosely, outside edge claimed. But it does not carry to fourth slip;
12.2;?;Broad to Starc, no run length and on middle and leg, Starc keeps back and defends it in front of midwicket;
12.1;?;Broad to Starc, no run angled in on off from round the stumps, patted to the covers;
11.6;?;Finn to Johnson, no run loads of extra bounce. Back of a length and zips back in, beats Johnson on the inside edge and nearly slices him into half. Good take from the keeper, diving to his right;
11.5;4;Finn to Johnson, FOUR runs edged and sneaks away past the cordon. Finn has his hands on his head. Back of a length and outside off, leaving Johnson prodding and edging it past sixth slip;
11.4;?;Finn to Johnson, no run Finn shortens his length on middle, enlists the aid of his height. Johnson is up to the challenge, he gets on top of the bounce and blunts it to off, adjacent to the pitch;
11.3;?;Finn to Johnson, no run veering onto the pads, Johnson shapes for a flick, but has to settle with an inside edge onto the pad. The ball trickles away to leg;
11.2;4;Finn to Johnson, FOUR runs good length and just a shade outside off, Johnson is lured into a jittery poke, edges it to the left of fifth slip;
11.1;?;Finn to Johnson, no run pitched up and knocking on the corridor of uncertainty, Johnson is crease-bound as he fishes and ends up all beaten;
10.6;?;Broad to Starc, no run full outside off, jabs forward and pushes it back to the bowler;
10.5;1lb;Broad to Johnson, 1 leg bye good save but Buttler, this was deflected fine off the thigh pad and he jump to his right;
10.4;?;Broad to Johnson, no run short of a length outside off, through to the keeper;
10.3;?;Broad to Johnson, no run angled in from round the wicket, left alone;
10.2;?;Broad to Johnson, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
10.1;2;Broad to Johnson, 2 runs flicked in the air over the leg side, angled into the pads, not out of the middle but safely over Moeen at square leg...could have been three but Starc slipped;
9.6;1;Finn to Johnson, 1 run full at the stump, swinging in but neatly clipped away to long leg;
9.5;1;Finn to Starc, 1 run short of a length at off stump, defended with an open face and it runs into point;
9.4;?;Finn to Starc, no run short of a length, takes the thigh pad down in front of short leg;
9.3;?;Finn to Starc, no run beats the outside edge! Back of a length, angled across, feeling for it without any footwork;
9.2;W;Finn to Nevill, OUT through him! That's a beauty, but no footwork from Nevill. Full at off stump, a challenging length, nips back off the seam and the off stump gets hammered. That ball had a very large gap to find;Peter Nevill b Finn 2 (24m 15b 0x4 0x6) SR: 13.33;
9.1;1;Finn to Johnson, 1 run full at off stump, shaping into Johnson who flicks it into the leg side;
8.6;1;Broad to Johnson, 1 run gets full and straight, flicked away off the stumps down to long leg;
8.5;?;Broad to Johnson, no run nearly has him feeling for this one outside off, again a full length, a late decision to leave;
8.4;?;Broad to Johnson, no run wider outside off, a comfortable leave;
8.3;?;Broad to Johnson, no run angled in towards off stump, another one that Johnson leaves on length;
8.2;?;Broad to Johnson, no run good delivery, full outside off from round the wicket, Johnson in two minds before withdrawing his bat late;
8.1;1;Broad to Nevill, 1 run neatly tucked away down to long leg;
7.6;?;Finn to Johnson, no run over the wicket to the left hander, full at off stump, defended;
7.5;1;Finn to Nevill, 1 run short of a length at the hip, tucked wide of short leg;
7.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run goes for the yorker, similar to the ball which got Clarke in the first innings at Edgbaston, just finishes as a full toss but isn't far from dipping under the bat;
7.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full and straight, 80mph, defended towards mid-on;
7.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full, again, outside off with some very nice movement away from Nevill who judges well and leaves alone;
7.1;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full outside off, hooping swing away from Nevill, left alone;
6.6;?;Broad to Johnson, no run ooh, a close leave...but left on length as much as line, angled in from round the wicket and ends up travelling over middle and off;
6.5;?;Broad to Johnson, no run keeping it full outside off, a little too wide, Johnson doesn't offer a shot;
6.4;?;Broad to Johnson, no run full at off stump, 84mph, defended;
6.3;?;Broad to Johnson, no run wider outside off, leaves it alone;
6.2;?;Broad to Johnson, no run round the wicket, full outside off, left alone;
6.1;W;Broad to Clarke, OUT would you believe it?! Broad has five. Clarke has a horrid slash which finds first slip. Smart catch by Cook above his head. What was Clarke thinking? Counter-attack, I suppose, but it was a wide delivery which he threw his hands at without any footwork. Looked awful.;Michael Clarke c Cook b Broad 10 (26m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
5.6;?;Wood to Nevill, no run gets across onto off stump and defends a short-of-a-length ball...Wood just needs to keep it pitched up;
5.5;?;Wood to Nevill, no run touch fuller, movement into Nevill in the air and off the seam, takes the top of the pad via an inside edge;
5.4;?;Wood to Nevill, no run short of a length at middle and off, defended to the leg side;
5.4;2nb;Wood to Clarke, (no ball) 1 run short of a length, Clarke works it through the vacant mid-on area...Wood has overstepped again;
5.3;?;Wood to Clarke, no run back outside off stump, on a full length at 90mph, left alone;
5.2;4;Wood to Clarke, FOUR runs he connects well with the pull this time, short outside off, sits up quite nicely this time and it's pulled through square leg;
5.1;?;Wood to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, pushed into the covers;
4.6;?;Broad to Nevill, no run pushed down the leg side, Buttler dives to his left;
4.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run tight leave! He was bowled like that last Test. A full ball outside off, comes back extravagantly off the seam and carries over off stump;
4.4;?;Broad to Nevill, no run short of a length, nips into Nevill who turns it towards short leg;
4.3;2lb;Broad to Nevill, 2 leg byes angled into leg stump, aims to turn it away but it takes thigh pad down to long leg...a few more extras;
4.2;?;Broad to Nevill, no run very full outside off, jabbed into the covers;
4.1;W;Broad to Voges, OUT what a catch! Stunning stuff. Stokes at fifth slip! I'm lost for words. On that length, full at off stump, Voges comes forward and pushes hard. The thick edge is surely out of Stokes' reach but he flings himself to his right and takes the ball when it is almost behind him. 21 for 5. Yep, 21 for 5.;Adam Voges c Stokes b Broad 1 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
3.6;?;Wood to Clarke, no run full outside off, delivered from wider on the crease, left alone...an over without a wicket;
3.5;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run on leg stump, flicked to long leg;
3.4;1;Wood to Clarke, 1 run just short of long leg! Very unconvincing from Clarke. Wood sends down the short ball, Clarke tries to pull but is no sort of position, done for pace, too, but the top edge does not quite reach Finn running in from long leg;
3.3;?;Wood to Clarke, no run short of a length at off stump, 87mph, Clarke on the back foot and defends to the bowler;
3.2;?;Wood to Clarke, no run back of a length, more movement off the seam, jags into Clarke's thigh pad;
3.1;?;Wood to Clarke, no run back of a length, forced into the off side;
2.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run full at off stump, 83mph, blocked back to the overs.;
2.5;4lb;Broad to Voges, 4 leg byes goes for the full delivery, angling towards middle and leg, takes the pad fine of the keeper...Broad keen on the lbw, but doing too much;
2.4;W;Broad to Marsh, OUT Broad has three! Marsh edges to second slip. This is outstanding bowling from Broad. Full outside off, brings him onto the front foot, seams away from the left hander and the edge flies to Bell at head height;Shaun Marsh c Bell b Broad 0 (9m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
2.3;?;Broad to Marsh, no run gets across onto off stump and works into midwicket;
2.2;?;Broad to Marsh, no run big inside edge! No short leg. Marsh coming forward to a length delivery, nips off the seam and takes the inside edge to the leg side;
2.1;?;Broad to Marsh, no run full outside off from round the wicket, left alone;
1.6;?;Wood to Clarke, no run pushed wider outside off, through to the keeper. Phew.;
1.5;?;Wood to Clarke, no run back of a length at off stump, 87mph, defended to the off side;
1.5;1nb;Wood to Clarke, (no ball) in the channel outside off, seams away, Clarke holds his bat inside the line...Wood has overstepped;
1.4;4;Wood to Clarke, FOUR runs so close! Almost a fourth. Full outside off, Clarke drives and gets an inside edge just past off stump...Wood also ended in a heap in his follow through;
1.3;?;Wood to Clarke, no run full outside off, 88mph, left alone...a moment of calmness;
1.2;W;Wood to Warner, OUT three down! Wood strikes. Unbelievable scenes. Back of a length from Wood, nips back off the seam and takes the inside edge. Good pace, a quick adjustment of line from Wood. Wonderful bowling.;David Warner c ?Buttler b Wood 0 (7m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.1;?;Wood to Warner, no run swinging down the leg side, good take by Buttler;
0.6;W;Broad to Smith, OUT and another! What a start for England! Edged to third slip. Another beauty from Broad. Just back of a length outside off, Smith gets squared up and a thick edge flies comfortably into the cordon;Steven Smith c Root b Broad 6 (2m 3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.5;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs positive start from Smith, comes forward into a full delivery outside off and drives strongly square of the wicket through point;
0.4;2;Broad to Smith, 2 runs full outside off, shovelled into the leg side with a closed face between midwicket and mid-on;
0.3;W;Broad to Rogers, OUT 300 for Broad! Three balls is all it took! Gets his line and length spot on, full outside off, comes in with the angle then nips off the seam to take Rogers' outside edge to first slip. A first Test duck for Rogers. What a start.;Chris Rogers c Cook b Broad 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.2;4lb;Broad to Rogers, 4 leg byes fuller, angled into leg stump and deflects off the pad fine past the keeper...Australia away;
0.1;?;Broad to Rogers, no run round the wicket from the start, back of a length outside off, punched into the covers;

Here come the players. The sun is peeping through. Can Rogers and Warner lay a platform? Stuart Broad, on 299 Test wickets, will get the first over on his homeground...
11.00am Almost ready for the start...and already someone is threatening legal action!
Jarrod: "I have an important exam tomorrow, but Cricinfo coverage is keeping me distracted. Just letting you know that if I fail, I will sue Cricinfo for post-traumatic stress. See you in court. "
Adhish: "Just curious to know... does Pup have any say in playing XI or it is selected by Boof and Rodney?" Nope, he's not a selector.
10.55am The good news is that the main cover is being removed. Looks like we should start on time. Ah, well, in fact we'll have a five minute delay. We'll being at 11.05am.
Phil: "Has Cook chosen to bowl to exploit the conditions, or because he's worried that the swinging conditions would suit Australia's attack and he'd rather bat under sunny skies tomorrow? Shades of Nasser at Gabba in 2002" Certainly not a Nasser decision. Very justifiable to bowl first. Now have to bowl well, of course. Perhaps a bit more of a gamble with James Anderson.
strangepasserby: "Want to know why Adam Voges has kept his place? In his Trent Bridge career he's scored 1179 first-class runs at 45.34 with 12 fifties."
Bharath Seervi: "Stuart Broad is playing his 83rd Test match. This is only his 6th test without James Anderson in the playing XI. " He'll be feeling lonely.
10.50am There is about to be a tribute to Clive Rice. He had a prolific career for Nottinghamshire. Will be minute's applause rather than silence.
Devendra: "Enormous gesture of the applause for Clive Rice. Very touching. Great way to start the Test!"
10.45am Oh dear. The covers are being pulled into a place. A sprinkling of rain. Nothing too bad at the moment. Well, now it's not so good. "Raining quite hard," says Tom Kingham
Mouse: "Massive, massive gamble by Boof and Pup. One of their quicks has a dodgy ankle, spinners have a terrible record on this ground and they leave out the fifth bowler? I know his batting isn't up to scratch, but gee it's a risk. Hope it comes off, for their sake..."
Asher: "@Mouse disagree. Other than a couple of important wickets at Lord's, Marsh hasn't been that essential to the attack. I'm glad to see the selectors backing our specialist bowlers and at least attempting to pick the best six batsmen in the country."
Meanwhile, here are some Trent Bridge stats from the prolific S Rajesh
10.40am Butch: "Your coverage of an English test appears to have omitted any discussion of the weather thus far... is someone ill? I'll oblige. Looks like a teeny bit of rain on it's way in the next couple of hours ... but then a pretty clear few days. Hope this helps." Sorry, Butch. Cheers for the help. And from one Butch to another...Mark Butcher was one of the guests on the latest Switch Hit
Davros: "Large proportion of London's 8.5 million population will be 'working from home' today due to the Tube strike. I dare say a fair few will be secretly tuning in to support England. C'mon chaps. Put them under the cosh."
Binodbikash: "@Justin - we got a name for that situation too. A match which do not effect the outcome of the series is called a dead rubber ! and as an England fan, we want the fifth one to be a dead rubber."
Samrat Ahuja: "Where is James Anderson? Am I missing something?" Was injured at Edgbaston. Side strain.
Grant: "Why is Clarke at number 5? Still 7 places too high in the batting order for my liking." Ouch. Surely time to back to the captain?
10.30am England have won the toss and will bowl. "It was an interesting one," Cook says. "It's which side that plays the best." Confirms that Wood is "fully fit" and Cook says he will take the new ball.
Clarke asked if he would have bowled. "Well, we're batting." Confirms that Shaun Marsh replaces Mitchell Marsh. And, Clarke says he will drop to No. 5 with Marsh at No.4. Fair to say some signs of tension during that brief what with Mike Atherton.
Laurie: "A bit of an overreaction from the Aussie fans re M Marsh, I reckon. He's never demonstrated the required technique to bat in the top 6 at international level. It's about time Australia strengthened their middle order."
Mark: "Marsh at 4, Clarke at 5, Voges at 6? Just the four bowlers? Hope that the Mitches and Hazlewood get going. Although Voges is a handy part timer. "
10.20am Colin: "Win toss, bowl first, broad hat-trick, batting by tea, cook ton, spectacular collapse Aus 2nd innings, Eng innings victory, Ashes secured by COB Saturday, Sunday free for a round of golf and a roast dinner. DONE." I'm sure there are a few England players who would gladly accept that!
JonnoMc: "Starc and the Duke Ball need to have a deep and meaningful before this match. If he still can't exercise a modicum of control, I would be very disappointed for Cummins not to get a run."
Rob: "Morning Gnasher, ridiculously excited again about this possibly Ashes winning game. After 16 years together my wife has finally begun to understand and appreciate cricket. If only she could appreciate Iron Maiden........" Suspect our very own Andrew Miller would appreciate that sentiment
10.15am There is huge pressure on Michael Clarke in this Test. He is one of Australia's middle order who has been struggling for form. In his latest column, Ricky Ponting says it's time for the batsmen to knuckle down.
Maz: "What the hell is Boof playing at, M Marsh out for S Marsh yet Voges keeps his place? he has truly lost the plot!! Aussies can wave goodbye to the Ashes!!!"
Jassie: "Mitch out for Shaun? Makes no sense! Wasn't it last week the Aussies were saying the reasons MJ was bowling so well was because MM was in the team?"
James: "Bit surprised by the Aus change. I thought Mitch Marsh provided a very useful 5th bowler option. Puts a lot more strain on the 4 main bowlers. As an Englishman, I can only say: good!"
Justin: "Please excuse this newbie question from a new USA cricket fan: if England wins this match, will they play the fifth in London?" Hi Justin. Yep, the series keeps going until the end regardless of when it is won. Hope you enjoy this match.
10.05am The word coming from the ground is that it will be one Marsh for another in the Australia side with Shaun replacing Mitchell. Mark Wood has also been spotted marking out his run.
Ravi: "S marsh replacing M Marsh, meaning Watoo is in agian?" Nope, sounds like Voges keeps his place




Odds on Mel being the first to stop play? Meanwhile, the more you see of this pitch the more it certainly does look like a bowl-first morning
10.00am Hello and welcome to our coverage of the fourth Ashes Test from Trent Bridge. Will this be England's crowning moment, or do Australia have it in them to fight back? I'm Andrew McGlashan and along with Deiva Muthu, Alan Gardner and Andrew Miller we'll bring you all the action.
The early news this morning is that it's an overcast start to the day in Nottingham. The pitch is expected to have some life, but the local knowledge - and the stats - say that it is a bat-first ground. Another tricky toss looms. Maybe a good one to lose, again.
George Dobell reports: "Seems pitch is a bit soft. Spikes go right in. So may well be an insert pitch. That's Bumble's view anyway. And groundsman's. Expected to harden on day 2 and 3."
As we wait for team and toss news we have plenty of goodies for you to be perusing. Remember what happened 10 years ago on this ground to certain Ricky Ponting? That was just part of how the 2005 series concluded; in the second part of our series those who took part reflect on the final two Tests of that incredible summer.
To bring us up to speed in 2015, Dan Brettig assesses the huge challenge confronting Australia while George Dobell looks at a dream that is very close to coming true for Alastair Cook.
 Innings Start
12:40pm: Cook waves his hands; calls Broad and Finn in. England have declared with a first-innings lead worth 331. Starc, who finishes with career-best Test figures of 6 for 111, leads the visitors off the field.
Starc had made early incisions on the second day but cameos from Moeen and Broad has fattened the lead. As many feedbackers have pointed out: Broad has score more runs than he had conceded..
kenneth: "19 wickets in less than four sessions."
85.2;?;Johnson to Broad, no run full and swinging away outside off, Broad has a big whoosh and can't connect;
85.1;?;Johnson to Broad, no run Johnson sucks pace off it and hoodwinks Broad with a 73mph slower ball. Beaten;
84.6;?;Starc to Finn, no run full and swinging away outside off with extra bounce, Finn lets it pass;
84.5;?;Starc to Finn, no run fired down leg with some swing, Finn can't glance it away;
84.4;?;Starc to Finn, no run full and outside off, big, massive cross-bat swipe and a miss. Finn has a wry smile on his face and so does Starc;
84.3;?;Starc to Finn, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, no stroke offered;
84.2;1;Starc to Broad, 1 run back of a length and on middle, poked to third man;
84.1;?;Starc to Broad, no run very full and outside off, patted to cover-point;
83.6;?;Johnson to Finn, no run nasty short ball on a leg-stump line, rears up on Finn, fended awkwardly to short leg;
83.5;?;Johnson to Finn, no run back of a length and curves away just a shade outside off, ignored again;
83.4;?;Johnson to Finn, no run back of a length, swerves in and sails over the stumps. Left on length, more than anything else;
83.3;?;Johnson to Finn, no run fullish and on the pads, tickled to short fine leg;
83.2;W;Johnson to Ali, OUT Steven Smith pulls off a blinder. One-hander. He is mobbed by his team-mates. Back of a length with a hint of away movement outside off, lures Moeen into wafting at it. He nicks as Smith flies to his left from second slip and takes it. He matches Stokes' agility while Johnson lodges himself into the wickets column..;Moeen Ali c Smith b Johnson 38 (45m 24b 7x4 1x6) SR: 158.33;
83.1;4;Johnson to Ali, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Moeen brings his knife and carves it away over backward point for four;
82.6;?;Starc to Broad, no run full and swinging away outside off. Broad has a bigger swing at it but can't connect;
82.5;1;Starc to Ali, 1 run good length and right in the channel, glided down to third man;
82.4;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs fuller and outside off, Moeen was not in control of it. Sliced drive over Warner at the covers;
82.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run full and moving away outside off, ignored;
82.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run fuller and on off, Mooen looks to cover-drive and ends up dragging it to the leg side off an inside edge;
82.1;2;Starc to Ali, 2 runs sliding onto the pads, Moeen twirls his wrists and eases it to the right of long leg;
81.6;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run Hazlewood ventures too full and wide outside off, Broad seeks to launch it out of the park. No dice;
81.5;6;Hazlewood to Broad, SIX runs dug in short and outside off, Broad gets into a balanced position and pulls it strongly over backward square leg for a six;
81.4;4;Hazlewood to Broad, FOUR runs smack and bang as opposed to Moeen's timing and placement. Length and outside off, Broad loads up and clubs it up and over the covers;
81.3;1;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 run dug in short and wide outside off, Moeen could have nailed a hat-trick of fours. Instead, he flashes it to deep point;
81.2;4;Hazlewood to Ali, FOUR runs and again. Fuller and on middle, Moeen flicks it to the right of mid-on. The ball skims away to the boundary;
81.1;4;Hazlewood to Ali, FOUR runs charming shot. Fuller and on middle, driven dead straight down the ground. Mitch Johnson chases in vain;
81.1;1w;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 wide gentle loosener, slung miles wide outside off, so much it has been called a wide and the lead swells to 300;
80.6;2;Starc to Broad, 2 runs picked away off the pads, placed squarer of long leg;
80.5;?;Starc to Broad, no run hint of width outside off, big swoosh and a miss;
80.4;?;Starc to Broad, no run shortish and on a leg-stump line, cramps Broad for room, fended to the covers;
80.3;4;Starc to Broad, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Broad hits on the up and unfurls a flowy punch through the covers;
80.2;?;Starc to Broad, no run back of a length and curling away outside off, Broad swishes and does not connect. He is beaten by the away movement;
80.1;?;Starc to Broad, no run fired full and around off, jabbed towards point;
79.6;6;Lyon to Ali, SIX runs cracker of a strike. Lyon gives this more air, Moeen dances down the track and launches it over the bowler's head. Clean and effective;
79.5;1;Lyon to Broad, 1 run worked off the pads through backward square leg for one;
79.4;?;Lyon to Broad, no run floated around off, dabbed to the covers;
79.3;?;Lyon to Broad, no run an appeal for lbw, umpire Dar does not budge. Australia want a review. Lyon's footing is okay. Lyon tosses this up on middle, Broad folds low in the crease but can't connect with a sweep. He is beaten on the inside edge and is rapped on the front pad. The impact is just about a shade outside off. The tracker shows that it would have hit off but umpire's call prevails on impact;
79.2;?;Lyon to Broad, no run looped up and on middle, Broad inches forward and defends it wide of the man under the helmet at short leg;
79.1;2;Lyon to Broad, 2 runs fuller and on middle and leg, tucked to the right of the square-leg umpire for a couple;
78.6;?;Starc to Ali, no run drive and a miss to end the over, Moeen tempted into another full delivery outside off;
78.5;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs now he angles into leg stump and Moeen effortlessly flicks this over square leg for back-to-back boundaries;
78.4;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs ah, a lovely flowing cover drive by Moeen as Starc over pitches and gets a touch to wide...languid;
78.3;?;Starc to Ali, no run driven back to the bowler;
78.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run full outside off, left alone;
78.1;1;Starc to Broad, 1 run full outside off, neatly into a drive that finds space at cover;
77.6;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run slips down the leg side;
77.5;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run pushed across outside off, left alone;
77.4;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run comes forward to a full ball outside off, driven to point;
77.3;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run back of a length, middle and off, defended;
77.2;1;Hazlewood to Broad, 1 run full outside off, driven in the air off a thick outside edge through point...there's a man near the boundary;
77.1;?;Hazlewood to Broad, no run full, defended to mid-off;
76.6;1;Starc to Broad, 1 run excellent from start, and it's a tight run...jabs a yorker to the off side, Moeen has to pull out the dive to make his ground;
76.5;?;Starc to Broad, no run slips this one down the leg side;
76.4;?;Starc to Broad, no run lovely stuff, full outside off, swinging away, beats a prod from Broad who gives an appreciative nod...probably likes the sight of the ball hooping;
76.3;?;Starc to Broad, no run superb delivery, another of those late dipping yorkers which Broad is just able to keep out;
76.2;?;Starc to Broad, no run wide outside off, left alone;
76.1;?;Starc to Broad, no run very full outside off, Broad jabs at it without any footwork...gets beaten, as though he didn't quite pick that up;
75.6;1;Hazlewood to Broad, 1 run gets an inside edge behind square down to long leg;
75.5;W;Hazlewood to Stokes, OUT thin edge down the leg side! England continue to lose wickets. The ball was there to clip away, he just got a thin scratch as he aimed to flick it away;Ben Stokes c ?Nevill b Hazlewood 5 (26m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
75.4;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run gets squared up a touch this time, fuller on middle, aiming to the leg side and a leading edge runs to mid-off;
75.3;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run short of a length, whipped to mid-on;
75.2;4;Hazlewood to Stokes, FOUR runs comes forward to a delivery slanted across him, slides off a thick outside edge wide of the slips to third man;
75.1;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run full outside off, driven firmly to mid-off;
74.6;4;Starc to Ali, FOUR runs actually a decent ball, threatening to duck in late at Moeen but he's able to whip it through midwicket with a lovely piece of timing;
74.5;?;Starc to Ali, no run full outside off, 88mph, left alone;
74.4;?;Starc to Ali, no run well bowled again, adjusts his line back to outside off and it dips in late to Moeen who is able to flick into midwicket;
74.3;4b;Starc to Ali, 4 byes angled down the leg side, evades a diving Nevill for four byes;
74.2;W;Starc to Buttler, OUT and another for Starc! Buttler misses a booming drive, defeated by late movement and perhaps an over-ambitious shot. Buttler was in no mood to prod around, but could have given himself a slightly better chance there. Fair play to Starc, though, the ball shaped beautifully;Jos Buttler b Starc 12 (9m 11b 3x4 0x6) SR: 109.09;
74.1;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run a length delivery angled into the pads, flicked to long leg to get off the mark;
73.6;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run left alone outside off;
73.5;4;Hazlewood to Buttler, FOUR runs and now he goes straight of mid-on, was a little tighter to off stump and he punches it down the on side of the pitch;
73.4;4;Hazlewood to Buttler, FOUR runs gets a full delivery through the off side, just opens the face a fraction as he comes forward to drive to get it wide of short cover;
73.3;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run keeps it full, no shot offered;
73.2;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run full outside off, shaping away, left alone;
73.1;1lb;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 leg bye full outside leg stump, take the pad behind square;
72.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run more late movement, jags into Buttler who is caught on the back foot;
72.5;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs a good, solid punch down the ground gets Buttler underway, held his shape nicely as he pushed through the line of the full ball;
72.4;?;Starc to Buttler, no run outside off, left alone;
72.3;?;Starc to Buttler, no run beaten! This is a lovely spell from Starc. Buttler could flat-footed, prodding for the ball as it slants across him;
72.2;?;Starc to Buttler, no run full outside off, 87mph, left alone;
72.1;W;Starc to Wood, OUT cleaned up! That's a ripper. Five wickets for Starc. Speared in at leg stump, too quick for Wood who can't get his bat down and leg stump goes flying;Mark Wood b Starc 28 (44m 32b 5x4 0x6) SR: 87.5;
71.6;1;Johnson to Wood, 1 run on the pads and worked to fine leg to keep the strike;
71.5;?;Johnson to Wood, no run appeal for lbw as this dips in late, Wood aiming through the leg side, but it's a half-hearted appeal...heading down the leg side;
71.4;?;Johnson to Wood, no run there's a short one, it's wide of off stump, Wood goes for the pull and gets a bottom edge into the pitch;
71.3;?;Johnson to Wood, no run short of a length on leg stump, neatly inside the line and tucks to midwicket;
71.2;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs hammered! Lofts another drive over the off side, no holding back...Wood having his drive fed;
71.1;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs edged, but wide of second slip! Over the wicket, full outside off, Wood reaches out for a drive and the thick edge evades a diving Smith;
70.6;?;Starc to Stokes, no run outside off, 87mph, good carry through to the keeper...excellent over;
70.5;?;Starc to Stokes, no run full outside off, this ball certainly wobbling, left alone;
70.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run well bowled! Nearly through him with a full one first ball, hint of late swing into Stokes who just manages to jab it into the leg side;
70.3;W;Starc to Root, OUT and that's the edge! Reward for Starc, he's earned that. Full, again, angled across outside off, draws Root forward who drives and gets a thin edge through Nevill;Joe Root c ?Nevill b Starc 130 (246m 176b 19x4 1x6) SR: 73.86;
70.2;?;Starc to Root, no run a touch wider and he's able to comfortably leave;
70.1;?;Starc to Root, no run that's well bowled, angled across full outside off and beats Root as he comes forward;
69.6;2;Johnson to Wood, 2 runs and how straight of mid-on, excellent batting by Wood as he keeps getting fed the full deliveries by Johnson, leans forward and punches down the ground;
69.5;2;Johnson to Wood, 2 runs now he whips him through the leg side, over adjusts his line into the pads;
69.4;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs terrific drive from Wood, full outside off and he comes forward them drills him through square cover;
69.3;?;Johnson to Wood, no run full outside off, 87mph, left alone;
69.2;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run plays with the angle into him and whips to long leg;
69.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run stays round the wicket, full at the stumps, defended to the leg side;
68.6;?;Starc to Wood, no run well bowled, good yorker, but well played by Wood who squeezes it out off the toe end...think he may have broken his bat;
68.5;?;Starc to Wood, no run takes the pad towards square leg;
68.4;?;Starc to Wood, no run back of a length, defended to point;
68.3;1;Starc to Root, 1 run short of a length on the hip, duck to long leg...a wild return from Mitchell Johnson which wakes up the crowd;
68.2;?;Starc to Root, no run full outside off, left alone;
68.1;?;Starc to Root, no run full outside off, 87mph, he comes forward and drives to the off side;
67.6;?;Johnson to Wood, no run full outside off, left alone;
67.5;?;Johnson to Wood, no run angled into the pads, clipped to the right of mid-on;
67.4;?;Johnson to Wood, no run back of a length outside off, extra bounce through to Nevill who takes it in one glove;
67.3;?;Johnson to Wood, no run full at the stumps, 88mph, onto the front foot again and drives to mid-off;
67.2;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs that's handsome! Now he drives up and over the off side, Johnson goes fuller at off stump and Wood just crunches through the line with a lovely lofted cover drive;
67.1;4;Johnson to Wood, FOUR runs cuts a short, wide delivery through backward point, controlled it pretty well and got the ball to ground fairly well;
66.6;?;Starc to Root, no run nearly an edge, Root trying to drive off the back foot at a short-of-a-length delivery which angled across him;
66.5;?;Starc to Root, no run full outside off, hint of swing back into Root, dug out into the covers;
66.4;?;Starc to Root, no run pushed across outside off, 86mph, left alone;
66.3;1;Starc to Wood, 1 run drop and run into the off side, might have been a tight run if Lyon had been able to pick up cleanly at cover;
66.2;1;Starc to Root, 1 run short of a length at off stump, just a defensive shot and the ball runs out to deep square;
66.1;2;Starc to Root, 2 runs over the wicket, and that's sweetly clipped away off around middle stump through midwicket;
65.6;?;Johnson to Wood, no run over the wicket the Wood, full on middle and leg, defended;
65.5;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run edgy from Root was he comes forward to a fuller ball and it takes a thick inside edge to square leg;
65.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run short of a length outside off, 87mph, driven off the back foot towards gully;
65.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run angled down the leg side from round the wicket;
65.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run gets across to off stump, it's a touch fuller, defended with a straight bat;
65.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run on a length at off stump, defended to the covers;
64.6;?;Starc to Wood, no run length and outside off, ignored. Nightwatchman Wood has done his job. England have done their job and that's stumps on the opening day;
64.5;?;Starc to Wood, no run yorker, fired at the base of off. Wood keeps it out;
64.4;?;Starc to Wood, no run pretty full and swings in, almost ripped through the defences of Wood. Poked to long leg off an inside edge;
64.3;?;Starc to Wood, no run sliding down leg, Wood flicks and misses;
64.2;?;Starc to Wood, no run pitched up and straightens a touch past the outside edge;
64.1;?;Starc to Wood, no run back of a length and swerves in, fended in the air to the right of short leg off the splice of the bat;
63.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run length and outside off, pushed to backward point;
63.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run edged and does not carry to Clarke. Full and right in the channel. Root pokes but the edge dies in front of the Australian captain. Hint of extra bounce for Hazlewood. Root, though, played with soft hands;
63.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of a length and accompanied by extra bounce outside off. Ignored;
63.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, defended off the front foot;
63.2;1;Hazlewood to Wood, 1 run back of a length and on middle, half-swung and half-pulled to midwicket;
63.1;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run full and outside off, tapped to the covers;
62.6;1;Lyon to Wood, 1 run nudged off the pads through backward square leg;
62.5;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run tucked to the right of short leg off the back foot;
62.4;2;Lyon to Root, 2 runs heading down leg, off the pad and runs away fine as Root can't connect with a sweep;
62.3;?;Lyon to Root, no run blocked to short leg off the back foot;
62.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run pitched up on off, laced to the covers;
62.1;?;Lyon to Root, no run goes straight on, blocked;
61.6;?;Hazlewood to Wood, no run pitched up and moves away outside off, blocked to point;
61.5;W;Hazlewood to Bairstow, OUT Bairstow picks out Rogers at square leg. Rogers bobbles and clutches it against his stomach. No century for Bairstow. He throws his head back on his way back. Good length and on middle and leg, he aims to flick. Instead, chips it to Rogers. Late reward for Hazlewood;Jonny Bairstow c Rogers b Hazlewood 74 (146m 105b 12x4 0x6) SR: 70.47;
61.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run full and on the stumps, hit ram-rod straight, so much so it clatters into the stumps at the non-strikers' end;
61.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run outswinger, lures Bairstow into a jittery push outside off. Skims past the outside edge and dies on its way to Nevill;
61.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run short and outside off, jabbing punch past the bowler. Warner dives to his right from mid-off and stops the ball;
61.1;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run good length ball with a hint of outswing, tapped to the covers with a closed face;
60.6;1;Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run Bairstow pushes this from outside off to mid-off;
60.5;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run good length, defended back to the bowler;
60.4;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run deflected off the pads to square leg;
60.3;6;Lyon to Root, SIX runs pushed through on middle, Root switches to a higher gear. He sinks to one knee and slog-sweeps it up and over deep midwicket, first six of the Test;
60.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run flatter and on off, punched off the back foot to the covers;
60.1;?;Lyon to Root, no run Root comes down , does not meet the pitch and defends it back to the bowler;
59.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run drifting in on the pads, he offers no stroke. Brushed down to leg;
59.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run length and outside off, left alone;
59.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run back of a length and just a shade outside off, Bairstow isn't interested;
59.3;4b;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 4 byes bouncer, sails over a ducking batsman, the stumps and a leaping Nevill;
59.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run back of a length and curls away outside off, ignored;
59.1;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs Bairstow pulled it right out of the top draw. Length and outside off, no means a half-volley. Punchily driven past the covers;
58.6;?;Lyon to Root, no run back of a length and outside off, flashed to point;
58.5;4;Lyon to Root, FOUR runs aha! Latest of late cuts, he nearly picked it off the keeper's gloves. Sliding across off, Root leans back and late cuts it past lone slip;
58.4;?;Lyon to Root, no run loopier and outside off, driven to mid-off;
58.3;?;Lyon to Root, no run Root nips down the track and drives this full ball to the covers;
58.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run tossed up on off, flipped back to the bowler with elaborate wristwork;
58.1;?;Lyon to Root, no run flat on off from round the stumps, punched back to the bowler;
57.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run length and on off, defended back to the bowler off the front foot;
57.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run good length and outside off, tight line and length from Hazlewood. No stroke offered;
57.4;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run full and outside off, with a hint of inward movement. French cut to long leg. It wasn't a million miles away from the leg stump;
57.3;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs fractionally short and outside off, Root rocks back for a pull. He dismisses it to the deep-midwicket boundary;
57.2;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run shortish and on middle and leg, jabbing pull towards midwicket;
57.1;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs warm-up ball, near half-volley outside off, which is driven firmly through the covers off the front foot;
56.6;?;Warner to Root, no run fullish and outside off, ignored;
56.5;2;Warner to Root, 2 runs and again! Good length and outside off, just eased to deep cover;
56.4;2;Warner to Root, 2 runs overpitched and outside off, eased to deep cover;
56.4;1w;Warner to Root, 1 wide bumper miles down the leg side. Root gets out of the way. Neville flings to his left and collects it well;
56.3;1;Warner to Bairstow, 1 run pitched up and outside off, chipped past the covers;
56.2;?;Warner to Bairstow, no run shortish and outside off, chopped to gully;
56.1;?;Warner to Bairstow, no run dibbly dobbler on off, blunted onto the pitch;
55.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run length and outside off, not all that short as Root cuts and only connects with thin air;
55.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and tails in, Root flicks and finds mid-on;
55.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run angled in, full and outside off, Root steps forward and drives it to mid-off;
55.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length and swerves in, I guess Root had managed an inside edge onto the pad;
55.2;1;Johnson to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length and cuts back in, punched through midwicket;
55.1;2;Johnson to Bairstow, 2 runs dug in shortish and outside off, Bairstow controls a pull and sends it to deep midwicket. Good work from Rogers in the deep;
54.6;?;Warner to Root, no run ducks back in, tickled to square leg off an inside edge;
54.5;1;Warner to Bairstow, 1 run picked away off the pads to long leg;
54.4;?;Warner to Bairstow, no run drifting onto the pads, worked to square leg;
54.3;1;Warner to Root, 1 run back of a length and outside off, cut away through point;
54.2;4;Warner to Root, FOUR runs third Ashes century for Root. He pumps his fist and swipes his bat in the air. Back of a length and outside off at only 124ks, he leans back and punches Warner through backward point. Trent Bridge raises itself to a roar. He becomes the youngest England player to make 3 Ashes tons.;
54.1;?;Warner to Root, no run dragged down leg, Root can't glance it fine;
53.6;3;Johnson to Root, 3 runs comes in on a back of a length, punched between the covers and mid-off;
53.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and slides back in, Root is crease-bound as he pushes and is smacked on the back pad. Going down leg, though;
53.4;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and darted wide outside off, left alone;
53.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length and just outside off, blocked calmly;
53.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length and swerves in from round the stumps, pushed to mid-on. It did shoot low, but Root stooped to deal with it;
53.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run Johnson fires a yorker on off, dug out to the covers;
52.6;1;Warner to Root, 1 run too leg stumpish and that's helped down to long leg;
52.5;?;Warner to Root, no run back of a length and outside off, punchily played to the covers;
52.4;?;Warner to Root, no run full and on a fourth-stump line, driven straight to the covers;
52.3;1;Warner to Bairstow, 1 run clipped off the pads to long leg;
52.2;?;Warner to Bairstow, no run fuller and floated outside off, tapped to the covers;
52.1;4;Warner to Bairstow, FOUR runs finds the outside edge right away. Gentle outswinger outside off, Bairstow reaches out for a drive and edges it between second slip (Clake) and gully;
51.6;1;Johnson to Bairstow, 1 run glanced off the stumps to long leg. Easy pickings;
51.5;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run bouncer angled in, Bairstow sways his back and lets it pass;
51.4;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run back of length and curves back in, defensively jabbed back to the bowler;
51.3;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run back of a length and outside off, slashed to point;
51.2;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run similar line and length, punched wide of mid-off for one;
51.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run angled in on off, back of a length, blocked to the covers;
50.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run full and outside off, Bairstow hunts for a cover-drive but drags it to leg off the inner half of the bat;
50.5;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs veering down the leg side, tickled past a diving keeper. Bairstow brings up a fifty of his own. Trent Bridge bursts into applause again. The Yorkshire men keep going, going, going..;
50.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run yorker on off, which is dug out to mid-off;
50.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run pitched further up on off, driven to mid-off. Not off the middle of the bat, though;
50.2;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run back of a length and slanting away outside off, Bairstow chases and is beaten soundly;
50.1;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run back of a length and comes in, Bairstow falls over the flick and is forced to settle with an inner edge onto the pad;
49.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and wide outside off, Root watches it through to Nevill;
49.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and angled in outside off from round the stumps, ignored;
49.4;1;Johnson to Bairstow, 1 run 88.2mph, full and curls back in. Bairstow was a tad late on it but manages to skew it to midwicket off an inside edge;
49.3;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run bumpy short ball, which sails over the stumps as Bairstow arches back and leaves;
49.2;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run back of a length and outside off, jabbed to the covers;
49.1;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run length and on off, no lateral movement, punched back to Johnson;
48.6;1b;Starc to Bairstow, 1 bye drifting down leg, Nevill can't collect it cleanly. Sloppy stuff from the bowler, sloppy stuff from the keeper;
48.5;1;Starc to Root, 1 run fullish and on off, pushed towards mid-off;
48.4;?;Starc to Root, no run dug in on a back of a length and angling away, punched towards point;
48.3;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run back of a length and on the hips, glanced through backward square leg;
48.2;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs Starc goes too full and straight, Bairstow brings his wrists into play as he whips it past midwicket;
48.1;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs length and width on offer outside off, Bairstow eases it past the covers. Driven on the up and dispatched to the boundary;
47.6;?;Johnson to Root, no run yorker at the base of off, jammed out to the covers;
47.5;4;Johnson to Root, FOUR runs an encore. Root moves into the 90s and generates a a healthy round of applause. Shortish and outside off, cracked away between gully and backward point;
47.4;4;Johnson to Root, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Root latches onto it. He skips back and cuts it wide of backward point to third man;
47.3;?;Johnson to Root, no run back of a length and outside off, Root is up on his tippy toes as he punches to the covers;
47.2;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and on off, Root aims to push and gets an inner edge to leg;
47.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run good length and just a shade outside off, Root steps forward and pats it to the covers;
46.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run Starc persists on the shorter side, jabbed defensively back to the bowler;
46.5;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run back of a length and on off, punchily played back to the bowler, who stretches his left hand. Bairstow wanders out of his crease. Starc can't nail the stumps down;
46.4;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run fuller and outside off, impressive-looking drive but straight to mid-off;
46.3;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run zips through on a shortish length on off, fended onto the pitch;
46.2;4;Starc to Bairstow, FOUR runs banged in short and trampolines outside off, Bairstow is caught in a horrid tangle. He was caught between pulling and perhaps cutting. He does neither. Bairstow limply hangs his bat out. Off the shoulder and balloons over the cordon;
46.1;1;Starc to Root, 1 run tucked smartly off the hips through backward square leg;
45.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run left alone outside off;
45.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run driven to mid-off;
45.4;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs delightful now from Baristow as he drills a full delivery straight of mid-on with a textbook stroke;
45.3;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run similar stroke, opens the face as he comes forward, not quite the force or placement and mid-off gets around;
45.2;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs fantastic stroke, overpitched but very confidently dispatched wide of mid-off with a perfect front-foot driv;
45.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run punched off the back foot to cover;
44.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run full outside, left alone;
44.5;1;Starc to Root, 1 run worked away off the stumps to deep square leg;
44.4;?;Starc to Root, no run full outside off, driven to mid-off;
44.3;1;Starc to Bairstow, 1 run ooh, almost a pinpoint yorker, some late swing but Bairstow manages to flick it through midwicket;
44.2;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run on off stump, 85mph, defended;
44.1;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run full and down the leg side;
43.6;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run defended at the top of the bounce to cover, a good maiden;
43.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run goes back to a reasonably full delivery, runs off an open face to gully;
43.4;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run tight line around off stump, 83mph, jabbed to the off side...a decent spell from Hazlewood;
43.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run defended to the on side;
43.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run played into the off side;
43.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of a length at off stump, 84mph, defended into midwicket;
42.6;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run goes back to a short ball and flicks into short leg;
42.5;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run uses his feet, Lyon tosses it wider and Bairstow has to reach out for it;
42.4;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run aims to tuck this to the leg side, but gets a bit of a leading edge;
42.3;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run round the wicket, defended;
42.2;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run this one is bowled slower, it's also shorter so he's able to work it off his pads behind square;
42.1;4;Lyon to Root, FOUR runs down the pitch, makes it into a full toss and then whips it wide of mid-on...superb batting, but the pressure on Lyon;
41.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run holds his shape on this drive and finds mid-off;
41.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run another good ball, nipping away on off stump and beats the edge;
41.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run a strangled appeal for lbw, angled into leg stump and quite high...not much in its favour;
41.3;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run full at off stump, forced away off the inside part of the bat through square leg;
41.2;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run that's a curious stroke, he goes for the pull and the ball doesn't quite get up and he ends up down on one knee;
41.1;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs edged! Through the gap. That's Australia's day...this time Bairstow is lured into the drive, a full ball outside off with a hint of swing. Bairstow's bat face is closing as he plays the stroke, but the edge finds a gap between second slip and gully;
40.6;?;Lyon to Root, no run flicked from outside off to midwicket;
40.5;1;Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run short outside leg stump, worked to deep square;
40.4;4;Lyon to Bairstow, FOUR runs paddles a full delivery very fine, comes off the bottom edge, delicate stroke;
40.3;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run well bowled, slides across with the arm outside off to beat the edge;
40.2;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run nudged wide of mid-on;
40.1;?;Lyon to Root, no run worked to the leg side;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run nicely bowled, but well left by Bairstow who hasn't been drawn into the full one yet;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run back of a length, 84mph, defended to mid-on;
39.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run a more extravagant leave alone this time, the ball shaping nicely for Hazlewood;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run left alone;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run full at off stump, driven to mid-off;
39.1;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run full on middle, flicked down to long leg;
38.6;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run tucked into the leg side;
38.5;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run full outside off, flicked strongly towards mid-on;
38.4;?;Lyon to Bairstow, no run worked into the leg side;
38.3;1;Lyon to Root, 1 run tucked away;
38.2;?;Lyon to Root, no run defended into the leg side;
38.1;2;Lyon to Root, 2 runs round the wicket, full outside off, punched through the covers;
37.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run nice shape, swinging away outside off, left alone;
37.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run well bowled! That's a good nut. Full at off stump, moving away late to beat Bairstow's drive;
37.4;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run full outside off, 86mph, left alone;
37.3;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run drops this short, pulled to long leg;
37.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run playing away from his body a touch, but he gets the ball to ground before it finds Marsh at gully;
37.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run back of a length at off stump, defended;
36.6;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run angled into leg stump, sweetly flicked off the pads to long leg...a productive over;
36.5;?;Johnson to Root, no run short of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off;
36.4;4;Johnson to Root, FOUR runs comes round the wicket, another short one and this time Root pulls it very fine, wide of the keeper;
36.3;3;Johnson to Bairstow, 3 runs a good piece of timing through the leg side, flicks a back-of-a-length ball through midwicket to brink up a brisk fifty stand between the two Yorkshiremen;
36.2;1;Johnson to Root, 1 run latches onto a pull, a short ball outside off stump, sent through straight midwicket and there's a man in the deep who can get around;
36.1;?;Johnson to Root, no run full and wide, 85mph, left alone;
35.6;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run very full outside off, driven to the left of mid-off and he steals a single to keep the strike;
35.5;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run comes forward into a drive which finds cover;
35.4;4;Hazlewood to Root, FOUR runs that's very nicely played, width again and this time he chops it through gully down to third man;
35.3;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run left alone;
35.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run touch fuller, Root comes forward then leaves alone;
35.1;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run outside off, hint of shape, left alone;
34.6;2;Johnson to Bairstow, 2 runs on the pads and worked away with some nice timing through the leg side;
34.5;4b;Johnson to Bairstow, 4 byes a sharp bouncer over off stump which keeps on climbing as it passes Bairstow and evades Nevill's reach...cleared the keeper by miles;
34.4;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run gets across onto middle and off and defends;
34.3;?;Johnson to Bairstow, no run full at middle and off, tighter shot this time as he defends with a straight bat;
34.2;4;Johnson to Bairstow, FOUR runs he's fortunate this time, driving without much footwork at a fuller ball, gets a thick inside edge past the stumps to fine leg;
34.1;4;Johnson to Bairstow, FOUR runs he gets his first boundary with a short-arm pull through straight midwicket as Johnson drops a fraction short...well controlled;

Ajay: "To be fair to the Aussies, they all got jaffas from Broad. Barring the Clarke and Nevill dismissals I don't see how even the Aussie sides of yore could've faced those venomous deliveries." Hmmm, not entirely sure Australia's batting should be defended that much
 Innings Start
So there we go England win the Ashes on this third morning of the fourth Test with victory here at Trent Bridge by an innings and 78 runs, quite incredible and, worth noting, Joe Root has moved to become the No. 1 batsman in the world. Deep breath, take it all in, and we'll see you again at The Oval on August 20. Stick around for all best analysis and reaction but goodbye for now...

England have cracked open the champagne in the dressing room, there will be more champagne to spray at the Presentation. The officials get their medals, easy gig for them this week. Man of the Match goes to Stuart Broad for a most incredible display of bowling in the first innings. 8 for 15 he took, the best figures by a fast bowler in Ashes cricket. "It's been an amazing series. I wanted to bat first! But it turned out a good toss to win and the catching was spectacular. A lot of hard work has gone into these last four weeks. Our last four innings, different guys have got five-fors and that shows have well we have bowled as a group. The balance of the bowling unit has been perfect - the first time we've been able to settle into a five-man attack since Freddie was around."

Alastair Cook: "To Michael from the England team, you should be remembered for being a fantastic cricketer, congratulations. But I can't believe what we have achieved this week." Cook now getting emotional. "When you lose five-nil, there's a turnover of players but you see what talent there is in the country and we saw the end potential here. Ben Stokes was fantastic here. Joe Root has gone from strength to strength - they have driven this side forward - and the senior players have led so well. Broad and Jimmy, the support I receive from them means a lot. It comes down to hard work and a lot has been done over the past months. Peter Moores isn't here but the development started with him. Today is about the team going through that 'journey' and the tough times and that moment when Woody gets the last wicket is what you play for. The players have embraced showing off their talent and I had to try and follow that too. Trevor has just turned up so let's not give him too much credit! He has allowed us to go out and play the way we have. Paul Farbrace has been the constant and has led this turnaround. We want to go to The Oval now and put on a good display."

Clarke again: "It wasn't from lack of trying, the Australian boys have given it their all but we've been beaten by the better team. When you think you're doing well, you're just one duck away from playing poorly. When England have had the momentum they have run with it. Anderson, Broad and Stokes in this game showed what you need to do in conditions like this. A tour too far? Maybe for the captain. I'll always hold myself accountable and I have been nowhere near where I want to be and certainly haven't lead from the front. Retirement isn't the hardest decision when you perform as I have performed over the last series. It's the right time to walk away now. I've been very lucky to play over 100 Tests. I've had the chance to learn from some older players and now have had the chance to give back." Clarke pauses getting a little emotional. "There's so much talent in that dressing room, the guys can bounce back. The potential is there." Clarke gets a warm hand from the crowd...

Here's Michael Clarke: "England showed us how to execute with the ball in this series, we have to be honest and say the have outplayed us in this series. I will have one more Test in my career and then retire. I don't want to jump ship now so I'll have one last Test. You never want to walk away from the game but my performances have not been acceptable to me. You build yourself up for the big series, I've tried my best but now it's time for the next captain to try and get the team ready for the next Ashes."

For Australia, they have been routed against all predictions, no-one anticipated not just this scoreline but the results we have seen too. Some news, Michael Clarke has confirmed he will retire at the end of the series. Where does that leave him for The Oval? He might not get in the side on form and might it be the perfect chance to hand the reins over to Steven Smith? Either way, the have to find some kind of a response for the fifth Test but that's for another day. Peter: "Simply the worst Australian series performance in decades. Not much else can be said"...

From ball one in this Test they have totally dominated the match. #Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the waves...# sings the crowd as England parade around the ground, Jimmy Anderson among them too, he's hoping to be fit for the celebration at The Oval in a couple of weeks but England have done the business here without their leading wicket-taker in Tests. Eight for Stuart Broad in the first innings, six for Ben Stokes in the second - both Test bests. Mark Wood played his part too and brings out his imaginary horse impression in front of the Radcliffe Road stand...

A quite remarkable turnaround for England from the hammering they received in Australia 18 months ago and the humiliation at the World Cup more recently but this is some of the best cricket have produced, three mighty wins in four Tests - what on earth happened at Lord's you might say! - but the Ashes regained and the new coaching team of Trevor Bayliss and Paul Farbrace have worked wonders already...

Always a little strange when you know what's coming but still a wonderful moment for
England, they come together in a big huddle on the outfield and celebrate another thumping victory. The margin here by an innings and 78 runs and England have won the Ashes the fourth series in succession they have won at home. "Incredible," says the England captain Alastair Cook...

72.4;W;Wood to Lyon, OUT full length outside off, goes to leave and drags it into the stumps!! And England have regained the Ashes! Lyon couldn't get the bat out of the way in time, a thick bottom edge cannoned into the middle and leg stumps and Lyon is removed, Wood the man to finish the job and it's taken 41 minutes this morning for England to polish the Australians off;Nathan Lyon b Wood 4 (15m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
72.3;4;Wood to Lyon, FOUR runs awww Ly-no! Leg glance for four fine of long leg;
72.2;?;Wood to Lyon, no run wide line outside off stump and let go;
72.1;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run back of a length, short-arm pull away wide of mid-on but just a single so five balls at Lyon coming up;
71.6;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run floaty wide one this time, Ly-no not tempted and Australia survive another over;
71.5;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run much too wide and Ly-no can forget about this one;
71.4;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run swings back into off stump, safely defended again;
71.3;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run back across the off stump to block into the covers, touch short from Stokes;
71.2;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run wide line and left alone here;
71.1;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run full swinging away from the right-hander, this is poked at by Lyon and plays and misses;
70.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run full back towards off stump, this is blocked to mid-on;
70.5;?;Wood to Voges, no run bumper, first this morning, ducked;
70.4;?;Wood to Voges, no run full length two feet wide of off stump, this is let go;
70.3;?;Wood to Voges, no run back on off stump, this is dug out back to the bowler;
70.2;4b;Wood to Voges, 4 byes full swinging way down leg and whistles away past the keeper, no chances for Buttler;
70.1;?;Wood to Voges, no run full length just outside off, pressed up to mid-on;
69.6;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run this comes back a long way and forces Lyon to play, goes past the outside edge, so close;
69.5;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run another wide ball and left alone, comes back a touch but not enough;
69.4;?;Stokes to Lyon, no run wide of the off stump and this is let go through to the keeper;
69.3;1;Stokes to Voges, 1 run back of a length ball dabbed into the covers, a sharp single brings up Voges' fifty and there's warm applause for the former Nottinghamshire man;
69.2;?;Stokes to Voges, no run another ball to let go outside off;
69.1;?;Stokes to Voges, no run wide of the off stump and left alone;
68.6;W;Wood to Hazlewood, OUT full, straight, inswinging yorker and knocks out middle stump! A perfect yorker from Wood, far too good for Hazlewood who is sent packing after a pretty miserable stay really, didn't have a clue in very difficult conditions but this delivery might have taken out far better batsmen than Hazlewood. Full pint !;Josh Hazlewood b Wood 0 (11m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
68.5;?;Wood to Hazlewood, no run closer to off stump, poked at and Hazlewood pokes for it and misses here;
68.4;?;Wood to Hazlewood, no run angled across the leftie, a touch too wide and it whistles through to Buttler;
68.3;?;Wood to Hazlewood, no run leg stump yorker, well dug out;
68.2;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run yorker onto off stump, dug out into midwicket and ironic cheers for the first runs off the bat this morning;
68.1;?;Wood to Voges, no run full length around off stump, pressed up to mid-on;
67.6;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run much too wide of the off stump and this is comfortably left alone;
67.5;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run fuller length, Hazlewood drives at this and gets a toe-end to mid-off;
67.4;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run this straightens from middle and goes over the off stump, beating the groping outside edge of Hazelwood;
67.3;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run oh nicely bowled, brings it into the left-hander, backing away again, beats everything;
67.2;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run again from Hazelwood, shuffling to square leg, lets this go;
67.1;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run Hazlewood sort of backs to leg a little before allowing this to pass his off stump, it was well wide;
66.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run foot outside off, flies through from 86mph, Voges left well;
66.5;?;Wood to Voges, no run another ball to allow to pass by;
66.4;?;Wood to Voges, no run let go this time, better judgement;
66.3;?;Wood to Voges, no run delicious, angled in, straightens a little and beats the edge with Voges lunging forward;
66.2;?;Wood to Voges, no run similar ball, blocked again;
66.1;?;Wood to Voges, no run full length a foot wide of the off stump, played forward and pushed out into the covers;
65.6;W;Stokes to Starc, OUT angles one back towards off stump and this time it's nicked to second slip! Stokes has the breakthrough and Bell takes a solid catch at shoulder height, England two away now. Nice delivery, angled into the left-hander, then got it to straighten a touch to take a thick outside edge that flew to Bell who pouched the chance nicely. Test best figures for Stokes now;Mitchell Starc c Bell b Stokes 0 (19m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
65.5;?;Stokes to Starc, no run wide outside off and no stroke offered;
65.4;?;Stokes to Starc, no run fuller length towards off stump, Starc firmly forward here to press to mid-off;
65.3;?;Stokes to Starc, no run banged in, Starc more comfortable standing in the crease to play I fancy, dabs this down in front of gully;
65.2;?;Stokes to Starc, no run and again, this not quite as close but another tasty nut goes past the outside edge;
65.1;?;Stokes to Starc, no run beauty, angled in, wobbled away and beats the left-hander, so close for Stokes;
64.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run full away-swinger, this left well alone;
64.5;?;Wood to Voges, no run wider on the bowling crease, angled in and then leaves Voges who followed this and got beaten, ended up pushing well away from his body;
64.4;?;Wood to Voges, no run back outside off and this is ignored;
64.3;?;Wood to Voges, no run brings one back at Voges, touch of the thigh guard to Buttler's left, he takes off to make the save;
64.2;?;Wood to Voges, no run two feet outside off and left again;
64.1;?;Wood to Voges, no run full wide delivery, Voges leaves this alone;
63.6;?;Stokes to Starc, no run angles one in, touch short again, Starc blocks out to cover;
63.5;?;Stokes to Starc, no run similar line, this carries through to head height, Buttler with his hands to the sky to take it;
63.4;?;Stokes to Starc, no run wider line and Starc can shoulder arms again;
63.3;?;Stokes to Starc, no run tighter line, touch short, blocked out from the crease to cover;
63.2;?;Stokes to Starc, no run angled in, wobbles away, too wide to induce a stroke;
63.1;?;Stokes to Starc, no run around the wicket, brings one back into Starc who pokes at one and plays and misses;
62.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run straighter, strikes the pad quite high with Voges looking to turn to leg;
62.5;?;Wood to Voges, no run similar line, left once more;
62.4;?;Wood to Voges, no run full and wide of the off stump, swings away, this is left alone;
62.3;1lb;Wood to Starc, 1 leg bye swing into the pads, takes the thigh guard wide of Buttler and a leg bye opens day three;
62.2;4b;Wood to Starc, 4 byes swerving down the leg side, beats the batsman, beats the keeper as well;
62.1;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run he tests Wood with a lifter, miscued pull over backward square leg;
61.6;?;Stokes to Starc, no run back of a length and outside off, ignored;
61.5;?;Stokes to Starc, no run length ball, which is blocked back to Stokes;
61.4;?;Stokes to Starc, no run pitched up and moves away outside off, Starc leaves it;
61.3;W;Stokes to Johnson, OUT It's Johnson's turn to nick off. Stokes has a five-wicket haul. Pitched up and swings away from middle and leg to outside off, Johnson can't resist his temptation. He attempts a swishy drive and edges it to Cook at first slip. Stokes holds the ball aloft and soaks in the cheers...;Mitchell Johnson c Cook b Stokes 5 (16m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
61.2;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run full and trailing away outside off, nips away off the seam. Ignored;
61.1;1;Stokes to Voges, 1 run glanced off the pads to long leg;
60.6;?;Broad to Johnson, no run short ball, Johnson camps back and punches it to the covers;
60.5;4;Broad to Johnson, FOUR runs fuller and outside off, Johnson hits through the line and sweetly punts it over the bowler's head;
60.4;?;Broad to Johnson, no run Broad tests Johnson with a short ball, kept out off the back foot;
60.3;?;Broad to Johnson, no run pitched up and comes in with the angle, beaten again. Root can't believe it as e drops down on his knees;
60.2;?;Broad to Johnson, no run back of a length and on middle, defended to leg;
60.1;?;Broad to Johnson, no run cracker of a ball. Angled in and jagging away off the seam, leaving Johnson prodding and missing;
59.6;?;Stokes to Voges, no run loopy full toss on off, Voges is surprised by it. He bunts it to leg off an inner edge;
59.5;1;Stokes to Johnson, 1 run worked off the pads to leg;
59.4;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run zips away outside off on shortish length, left alone again;
59.3;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run shortish and tailing away outside off, Johnson does not bother with it;
59.2;1;Stokes to Voges, 1 run short and outside off, pulled through square leg;
59.1;?;Stokes to Voges, no run back of a length and on off, Voges aims to punch but does not get hold of the shot. He can only dribble it back to the bowler;
58.6;?;Broad to Johnson, no run full and hint of movement outside off, Johnson pokes and ends up beaten;
58.5;?;Broad to Johnson, no run back of a length and outside off, more organised leave;
58.4;?;Broad to Johnson, no run full and wide outside off, Johnson swishes his bat out of the way;
58.3;1lb;Broad to Voges, 1 leg bye deflected off the pads through backward square leg;
58.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run and again... Dragged down leg;
58.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run shortish and darted down leg, he tries to hook. The ball passes the glove en route to the keeper;
57.6;?;Stokes to Johnson, no run pitched up and on a fourth-stump line, Johnson pushes to the covers;
57.5;4lb;Stokes to Johnson, 4 leg byes massive inswinger down leg, off the pad and sneaks away fine on the leg side;
57.4;W;Stokes to Nevill, OUT Nevill offers no stroke and is given out lbw by umpire S Ravi. Nevill wants a review. Back of a length, seams in off the deck and strikes Nevill on the back pad in front of middle. Fair delivery. The tracker shows that it would have hit the top of middle. Nevill has to go;Peter Nevill lbw b Stokes 17 (73m 57b 2x4 0x6) SR: 29.82;
57.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run short ball, sails through to Buttler as Nevill ignores;
57.2;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run short and shoved down leg, Nevill pulls. No dice;
57.1;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of a length and outside off, Nevill shoulders arms;
56.6;1;Broad to Nevill, 1 run angled in on off, patted to the right of mid-on for one;
56.5;?;Broad to Nevill, no run pitched up and largely holds its line outside off, left alone;
56.4;3;Broad to Voges, 3 runs good length and on off curls back in, dabbed past the cordon to third man with soft hands;
56.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run pretty full again, driven to the right of mid-off from outside off;
56.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run pitched further up on off, pushed to mid-on off the front foot;
56.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run short and dragged down leg;
55.6;4;Stokes to Nevill, FOUR runs Stokes hunts for the booming inswinger, strays down leg. Helped to the left of Buttler;
55.5;2;Stokes to Nevill, 2 runs banged in short and outside off, pulled through midwicket. Not middled, though;
55.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run pitched outside off, left alone;
55.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run Stokes ventures wide of the crease and angles it in, moves it away. Pushes with firm hands and misses;
55.2;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of a length and comes in with the angle outside off, Nevill shoulders arms;
55.1;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of a length, keeps low outside off. Nevill lets it pass;
54.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run sharp inswinger from Broad, it does not threaten off. Left alone;
54.5;?;Broad to Voges, no run back of a length and outside off, ignored;
54.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run length and on off, forward defence;
54.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run wider line outside off, Voges lets it pass;
54.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run angled in on off, Voges pulls his bottom hand off the bat as he blocks it back to the bowler;
54.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run pitched up and in the channel, ignored;
53.6;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run short again and outside off, Nevill is happy to drop his wrists on it;
53.5;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of length and angled in, Nevill takes it on his pad;
53.4;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run sliding down the leg side;
53.3;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run Stokes to Nevill, no run, back of a length and outside off, jags away further. Nevill is not interested. He has left better than his compatriots, so far;
53.2;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run left alone outside off;
53.1;?;Stokes to Nevill, no run back of a length and outside off, Nevill hoists his bat above his shoulder and lets it pass;
52.6;?;Ali to Voges, no run pitched up and outside off, driven back to the bowler;
52.5;?;Ali to Voges, no run on a length and on middle, knocked to leg;
52.4;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run leg-side ball, which is helped to backward square leg;
52.3;?;Ali to Nevill, no run full and on off, poked back to the bowler, again;
52.2;?;Ali to Nevill, no run straight roller on middle, blocked back to the bowler;
52.1;4b;Ali to Nevill, 4 byes turning down leg for one bye;
51.6;4;Finn to Voges, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, slashed up and over the slip cordon. Lyth can only finger-tip it away;
51.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run zips through outside off, Voges watches it through to Buttler;
51.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run pitched up with some away movement outside off, ignored;
51.3;4;Finn to Voges, FOUR runs banged in short and on the stumps, nice swivel on the back foot as he pulls it fine for four. Good control;
51.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run back of a length and slides in with the angle, dabbed to the covers;
51.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run back of a length and seams away outside off, no shot offered;
50.6;?;Ali to Nevill, no run floated up and outside off, lures Nevill forward and beats him again. Buttler can't take it cleanly. Testing over for the keeper;
50.5;?;Ali to Nevill, no run pushed through, defended;
50.4;2;Ali to Nevill, 2 runs lobbed up, turns with some extra bounce. Nevill fiddles and gets an outside edge, which brushes Buttler's gloves and pops wide of Lyth at slip;
50.3;4;Ali to Nevill, FOUR runs sliding across off, Nevill hits his first four. He rocks back and slots this half-tracker behind point;
50.2;1;Ali to Voges, 1 run short and on middle and leg, pulled away through backward square leg;
50.1;4;Ali to Voges, FOUR runs looped up outside off, Voges attacks Moeen and flays another drive through the covers;
49.6;1lb;Finn to Voges, 1 leg bye sliding onto the pads, diverted off the pad behind square on the leg side;
49.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run banged in short and leaps outside off, he rides it to point;
49.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run pitched up and on off, patted towards point;
49.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run teasing full length outside off, largely holds its line and beats the outside edge;
49.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run bouncer down the leg side, Voges manages to get out of the way;
49.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run fullish and on middle, compact forward defence;
48.6;?;Ali to Nevill, no run Nevill transfers his balance to the back foot and knocks it behind square;
48.5;?;Ali to Nevill, no run turning down leg, Nevill can't pick this away, though;
48.4;1;Ali to Voges, 1 run picked away off the pads to the right of short leg;
48.3;1;Ali to Nevill, 1 run flatter and on middle and leg, milked in front of square to Anuj Dar, the sub fielder;
48.2;1;Ali to Voges, 1 run bit of spin on middle and leg, nudged through backward square leg. Finn keeps it to one;
48.1;4;Ali to Voges, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, Voges latches onto it as he sends it clattering through the covers with a fine drive;
47.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run shortish and Finn probes away outside off, Nevill drops his wrists on it;
47.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of a length and cuts back in rather late. Nevill does not bother with it;
47.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run banged in short and outside off, ignored;
47.4;1nb;Finn to Nevill, (no ball) Finn claims the outside edge, Finn claims his 100th Test wicket. That is a huge no-ball. He is well over the line. Good length and outside off, Nevill hangs his bat out like my mother does washing in the line and edges it to Cook, who takes it around chest height at first slip;
47.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run back of a length and on middle, Nevill shuffles across off as he dabs it to short midwicket;
47.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run much fuller and on middle, tight line and length. Defended in front of the covers;
47.1;?;Finn to Nevill, no run good length ball, angled in, Nevill pokes it out towards backward point;
46.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run outside off, pushed firmly back to the bowler;
46.5;1;Wood to Nevill, 1 run neatly flicked off his pads to deep square;
46.4;1lb;Wood to Voges, 1 leg bye shovelled backward of square on the leg side;
46.3;?;Wood to Voges, no run a strangled appeal for a glove down the leg side as Voges gets inside the line of a short delivery which passes by his hip;
46.2;?;Wood to Voges, no run a bouncer over middle stump, 87mph, comfortably ducked;
46.1;1;Wood to Nevill, 1 run defended off the back foot, ball runs behind square...off the mark from his 20th delivery;
45.6;?;Finn to Voges, no run makes a late decision to leave this, can't get his bat out of the line and it takes the face towards the slips;
45.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run goes fuller, at middle and off, blocked to the covers;
45.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run done him again! Lovely bowling, late movement from short of a length and beats Voges for the second time in the over;
45.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run back of a length on middle and off, defended down by his feet;
45.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run beaten! Jags away from back of a length, beats the edge as Voges is forced into playing at it;
45.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run back of a length outside off, pushed to cover;
44.6;?;Wood to Nevill, no run well bowled, back outside off, full length, just the hint of movement and left alone;
44.5;?;Wood to Nevill, no run shoved down the leg side, going for the variation, including his double whirl of the action, good stop by Buttler diving to his left;
44.4;?;Wood to Nevill, no run fuller outside off, 87mph, left alone;
44.3;?;Wood to Nevill, no run a bouncer over middle and off, he ducks;
44.2;?;Wood to Nevill, no run short of a length, 85mph, defended at the top of the bounce;
44.1;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run full at off stump, takes a thick outside edge into the covers;
43.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run on middle, straightens a touch, defended;
43.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run lovely stuff, this one shapes away from the outside edge from short of a good length;
43.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run a fraction shorter, defended back to the bowler;
43.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run defended to the on side;
43.2;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full at off stump, challenging length, gets Nevill into the front foot as he defends;
43.1;1lb;Finn to Voges, 1 leg bye angled into the pads, deflects behind square;
42.6;?;Wood to Nevill, no run short, angled down the leg side, almost a tactic by England to Nevill and it's not a million miles from the gloves;
42.5;?;Wood to Nevill, no run what a follow-up, brilliant from Wood...the two short ones is followed by the fuller one which catches Nevill with no footwork and he just prods at it;
42.4;?;Wood to Nevill, no run short again, excellent line, forces Nevill to play and he defends with some unease;
42.3;?;Wood to Nevill, no run jeepers, how do you play that?! Vicious bouncer, takes Nevill on the short...he did well to get his gloves out of the way;
42.2;1;Wood to Voges, 1 run short ball, 87mph, Voges pulls without finding the middle of the bat;
42.1;?;Wood to Voges, no run full outside off, 87mph, defended;
41.6;?;Finn to Nevill, no run zips away to beat the outside edge again, short of a length which just gave him the chance to pull the bat away;
41.5;?;Finn to Nevill, no run holds its line at off stump, defended to the leg side;
41.4;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full outside off, shaping away, left alone;
41.3;?;Finn to Nevill, no run full at off stump, 86mph, defended to the covers;
41.2;1;Finn to Voges, 1 run drop and run into the off side;
41.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run oh, what a ball! This moves away late to beat the drive of Voges as he plays away from his body. Lovely from Finn;
40.6;?;Wood to Nevill, no run back of a length outside off, 90mph, left alone;
40.5;W;Wood to Clarke, OUT got him! It's a juggle at slip. Clarke is gone. Not a no-ball this time. A full ball outside off, Clarke pushing hard it, the ball carries nicely to Cook. He can't hang on but this time he juggles it in the air, then manages to flick it up with his fingertips and Bell can catch the rebound from the second slip;Michael Clarke c Bell b Wood 13 (53m 37b 1x4 0x6) SR: 35.13;
40.4;?;Wood to Clarke, no run nicely bowled, full at off stump, 85mph, defended square to backward point;
40.3;?;Wood to Clarke, no run defended to the leg side;
40.2;4;Wood to Clarke, FOUR runs uncertainty outside off stump, feeling for a back-of-a-length ball, trying to leave it and deflects it wide of third man;
40.2;1w;Wood to Clarke, 1 wide very short this time, loopy over off stump, called wide;
40.1;?;Wood to Clarke, no run sharp bouncer, 85mph, and well-directed over middle and off, angles back at Clarke as he sways his head out of the line;
39.6;1;Finn to Clarke, 1 run tucked off the pads to long leg;
39.5;?;Finn to Clarke, no run very full, pitches on the popping crease outside off, left alone;
39.4;?;Finn to Clarke, no run full at the stumps, solidly behind it as he defends to the bowler;
39.3;?;Finn to Clarke, no run short of a length, angled down the leg side, Clarke doesn't make contact as he tries to work it away;
39.2;?;Finn to Clarke, no run gets forward again, this time finds somewhere near the middle of the bat as he defends to cover;
39.1;?;Finn to Clarke, no run that's a lovely ball! Angled in full at off stump then hoops away late to beat Clarke's probing outside edge;
38.6;?;Wood to Voges, no run across his crease, outside off when he plays this, defended to cover;
38.5;?;Wood to Voges, no run angled in from back of a length, Voges is onto off stump and defended;
38.4;?;Wood to Voges, no run a little fuller this time, Voges onto the front foot then leaves alone;
38.3;?;Wood to Voges, no run learns from his error and leaves this one alone;
38.2;2;Wood to Voges, 2 runs edged! But doesn't carry to Root at third slip. Voges playing away from his body at a back-of-a-length delivery;
38.1;4;Wood to Voges, FOUR runs short and wide, cracked through the off side...a friendly delivery to start with;
37.6;1;Finn to Voges, 1 run touch shorter, he opens the face and places into the off side;
37.5;?;Finn to Voges, no run nicely bowled, full at off stump, 87mph, and well defended with bat and pad close together;
37.4;?;Finn to Voges, no run shorter this time, defended on the back foot;
37.3;?;Finn to Voges, no run and again, keeping it full outside off, shoulders arms;
37.2;?;Finn to Voges, no run that's a tempter, a juicy full ball outside off, swinging away, for a moment he thought about driving but went for the more careful option;
37.1;?;Finn to Voges, no run angled down the leg side;
36.6;?;Broad to Clarke, no run a bouncer which is angled down the leg side;
36.5;?;Broad to Clarke, no run full and wide outside off, a tumbling take for Buttler;
36.4;1;Broad to Voges, 1 run shapes in late to Voges from a good length, tucked off the pads to long leg;
36.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run fuller, outside off, 79mph, left alone;
36.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run nips back off a length and beats Voges inside edge, then takes the top of the back leg;
36.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run full outside off, a lunging forward push;
35.6;?;Finn to Clarke, no run short of a length at off stump, 80mph, defended...a steady maiden for Finn's return;
35.5;?;Finn to Clarke, no run back outside off, swinging from a full length, Clarke watches and leaves;
35.4;?;Finn to Clarke, no run makes him play, on middle and off, 83mph, defended to the covers;
35.3;?;Finn to Clarke, no run nice length, shaping away outside off, Clarke raises his bat high;
35.2;?;Finn to Clarke, no run fuller and wider, some swing, left alone;
35.1;?;Finn to Clarke, no run full outside off, left alone;
34.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run full outside off, left alone;
34.5;2;Broad to Voges, 2 runs not quite so full this time, a little too straight though and tucked past short leg;
34.4;4;Broad to Voges, FOUR runs fuller, more late swing, but sweetly clipped away in front of square;
34.3;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run short of a length, angled into the hip, flicked in the air and carries quite a long way towards fine leg;
34.2;?;Broad to Clarke, no run slightly fuller, shuffles across the crease, then leaves alone;
34.1;?;Broad to Clarke, no run good carry from a full length, left alone;
33.6;?;Stokes to Voges, no run shorter of length outside off, through to the keeper;
33.5;?;Stokes to Voges, no run fuller, holds its line, 85mph, driven back down the pitch;
33.4;?;Stokes to Voges, no run substantial inswing from outside off, Voges meets it with a solid front-foot defensive;
33.3;3;Stokes to Clarke, 3 runs works a straight delivery through midwicket;
33.2;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run straighter line, gets forward and defends with the inside half of the bat;
33.1;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run oh, nearly got him, seaming away as Clarke feels for it, lucky not to get a touch through to Buttler;
32.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run pitched up and shaping away in the channel outside off, left alone;
32.5;?;Broad to Voges, no run gets on to the front foot and defends back down the track;
32.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run reaching for the drive, gets a thick edge low towards fifth slip, where Stokes takes it on the bounce and then throws the ball into the air, duping the crowd momentarily;
32.3;?;Broad to Voges, no run fired down the leg side, Voges steps across and suspiciously watches it zing by;
32.2;1;Broad to Clarke, 1 run sliding towards middle and leg stump, tickled through backward square for a single;
32.1;?;Broad to Clarke, no run length ball, 84mph and swerving in towards off stump, Clarke gets forward to cover the line;
31.6;?;Stokes to Voges, no run pitched up a bit further, 86mph and seaming away, slightly wide and again no stroke;
31.5;?;Stokes to Voges, no run in the channel, holding its line, Voges shuffles across and leave;
31.4;1;Stokes to Clarke, 1 run length ball sliding towards leg stump, closes the face and turns a single down to fine leg;
31.3;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run solid defensive stroke on off stump;
31.2;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run angled in and seaming away, no stroke;
31.1;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run woof, that's a beauty from Stokes, beats the bat on the inside as Clarke plays away from his body;
30.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run gets across onto off stump and defends with the swing in front of short leg;
30.5;?;Broad to Voges, no run big swing again, from outside off, another healthy inside edge into the pads and it loops to the vacant short leg area;
30.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run this one shapes in from outside off, takes a thick inside edge to the leg side;
30.3;4;Broad to Voges, FOUR runs pushes forward this time, slides off an open face wide of the five slips down to third man;
30.2;?;Broad to Voges, no run hanging it outside off, Voges leaves, Buttler doesn't glove this one cleanly;
30.1;?;Broad to Voges, no run full and wide, left alone;
29.6;4b;Stokes to Clarke, 4 byes that's flown...over the keeper, was a short ball outside off which zinged off the surface, at good pace, and kept on lifting;
29.5;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run booming inswing! Clarke ends up padding it away, the ball was shaping well down the leg side but Clarke in no position at all;
29.4;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run closer to off stump, hint of movement, defended to the covers;
29.3;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run full again, he isn't interested;
29.2;?;Stokes to Clarke, no run full outside off, left alone;
29.1;2;Stokes to Clarke, 2 runs a pokey drive to start with, reaching our for a full ball, goes in the air for a while but lobs short of mid-off;
28.6;?;Broad to Voges, no run swerving down leg, sharp take from Buttler;
28.5;?;Broad to Voges, no run good length and angled in, defended off the front foot;
28.4;?;Broad to Voges, no run back of a length and zipping through outside off, beats the outside edge;
28.3;2;Broad to Voges, 2 runs full and outside off, poked past the cordon. Voges runs back for the second, slides his bat in, and makes his ground;
28.2;W;Broad to Smith, OUT Ben Stokes at short point comes into play. The plan works... Fuller and outside off, Smith seeks to drive this wide-ish ball and ends up slicing it to Stokes, who hangs onto a low catch. Ninth wicket in this Test for Broad, and he goes past Fred Trueman..;Steven Smith c Stokes b Broad 5 (20m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
28.1;?;Broad to Smith, no run fullish and outside off, left alone;
27.6;W;Stokes to Marsh, OUT Marsh, though, did not watch out. Three in three overs for Stokes. Good length and wide outside off, Marsh would have been better off leaving. Instead he prods tamely and edges it to third slip. Simple catch for Root;Shaun Marsh c Root b Stokes 2 (8m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
27.5;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run back of a length, Marsh blocks off the front foot;
27.4;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run bumper down leg, Marsh gets out of the way;
27.3;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run leg-sideish ball, off the pad and loops to Buttler;
27.2;2;Stokes to Marsh, 2 runs pitched up and swings away outside off, placed between the covers and mid-off;
27.1;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run fullish and swings in, defended back to the bowler;
26.6;?;Broad to Smith, no run back of a length and outside off, punched to Stokes at shortish point;
26.5;?;Broad to Smith, no run fullish and comes in, Smith shuffles across and knocks it to square leg;
26.4;?;Broad to Smith, no run wide line outside off, ignored;
26.3;?;Broad to Smith, no run back of a length, Smith shuffles across and takes it on his thigh;
26.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run pitches outside off and nips away further, no shot offered;
26.1;4;Broad to Smith, FOUR runs full and wide outside off, Smith reaches out and drives it wide of short point;
25.6;W;Stokes to Warner, OUT Stokes strikes again, two in two overs for him... Banged in short, Warner goes for a pull, he does so half-heartedly. The result is a top edge, which is swallowed by Stuart Broad, moving to his left from mid-on. Both the openers back in the hut;David Warner c Broad b Stokes 64 (115m 74b 9x4 2x6) SR: 86.48;
25.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run back of a length, blocked;
25.4;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run back of a length and around off, there is that customary shuffle across off as Smith ticks it behind square leg side;
25.3;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run shortish and just outside off, Warner rolls his wrists on the pull and sends it to deep backward square leg;
25.2;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full and outside off, jabbed to the covers;
25.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run good length and on off, check-driven to mid-off;
24.6;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run tucked neatly down to long leg;
24.5;4;Wood to Warner, FOUR runs short and darted down leg, eased fine on the leg side with a pull;
24.4;2;Wood to Warner, 2 runs full and on middle and leg, clipped to the left of Broad at mid-on;
24.3;?;Wood to Warner, no run short of a length and on off, awkwardly fended onto the pitch;
24.2;6;Wood to Warner, SIX runs short and on a leg-stump line, tucks Warner up for room. He is caught between pulling and paddling. Warner ends up skewing it over long leg. Top-edged it for a six;
24.1;2;Wood to Warner, 2 runs leg stumpish, helped away to long leg for a couple as Warner gets to a fifty of his own. Clarke applauds from the balcony;
23.6;W;Stokes to Rogers, OUT edged and taken. Root produces another stunner. They will check for a no-ball again. This is okay. Full and swerves away outside off, Rogers gropes and nicks it to third slip, where Root dives smartly to his left and completes the one-hander. This will go down into the scorebook;Chris Rogers c Root b Stokes 52 (105m 83b 10x4 0x6) SR: 62.65;
23.5;?;Stokes to Rogers, no run back of a length and on the stumps, punchily played to mid-on;
23.4;1lb;Stokes to Warner, 1 leg bye sliding onto the pads, diverted off the pad for one;
23.3;1;Stokes to Rogers, 1 run picked away off the pads to Moeen at long leg;
23.2;?;Stokes to Rogers, no run fullish and outside off, tapped towards point;
23.1;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run short ball, jabbing pull to deep square leg;
22.6;?;Wood to Rogers, no run back of a length and moves away outside off, Rogers rides it to backward point;
22.5;4;Wood to Rogers, FOUR runs short, width. Rogers has enough of leaving and fending. He chases and slashes it over the cordon to bring up a fifty, his tenth fifty-plus score in his last 14 innings;
22.4;?;Wood to Rogers, no run shortish and swerves away outside off, left alone;
22.3;?;Wood to Rogers, no run appeal for caught behind now. No nick there, though. Fuller and cuts away outside off, daylight gap between the bat and the ball;
22.3;1nb;Wood to Rogers, (no ball) Wood breaks the opening stand. Root takes a sharp, low catch. Oh wait, the umpires check for a possible no-ball. No part of the heel behind the crease. Wood pays the penalty for indiscipline. Short and rears up outside off to catch Rogers in a tangle. He fends and pops it to third slip, where Root flings to his left and pulls off a one-hander of his own. But it amounts to nothing as umpire Dar signals a no-ball;
22.2;4;Wood to Rogers, FOUR runs too full and straight/shading towards the leg stump, flipped fine on the leg side for four;
22.1;4b;Wood to Rogers, 4 byes bumper from Wood with loads of shoulder on it. Rogers ducks, Buttler leaps but the ball balloons over his head. 100 partnership up;
21.6;?;Stokes to Warner, no run incoming ball on middle, shoots low. Warner stoops low with it and keeps it out. End of another impressive over from Stokes;
21.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run near-yorker length on middle, squirted back to the bowler;
21.4;?;Stokes to Warner, no run wider outside off, ignored;
21.3;?;Stokes to Warner, no run beauty from Stokes. On a good length, angled in and straightens past the outside edge as Warner hangs his bat out;
21.2;?;Stokes to Warner, no run length and outside off, Warner covers his off stump and leaves again;
21.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run short again and outside off, easy leave for Warner;
20.6;?;Wood to Rogers, no run fractionally short and outside off, no shot offered;
20.5;?;Wood to Rogers, no run back of a length and curling away outside off, ignored;
20.4;2;Wood to Rogers, 2 runs shortish and outside off, punched in front of square on the off side;
20.3;?;Wood to Rogers, no run dug in shortish and outside off, Rogers gets on top of the bounce as he punches it to the covers;
20.2;?;Wood to Rogers, no run back of a length and outside off, Rogers goes back for a punchy strike but ends up mis-hitting it towards the covers off an inside edge;
20.1;?;Wood to Rogers, no run pitched up and outside off, Wood dangles the carrot in the channel. Rogers does not bite;
19.6;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full and straight, tapped to mid-on;
19.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run back of a length and pings Warner on the front pad. Going down leg, again. Besides, it would have sailed over the stumps;
19.4;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full and jags in to strike him on the pads. But it was sliding down leg;
19.3;?;Stokes to Warner, no run fullish and outside off again, Warner check-drives it to the covers;
19.2;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs full and outside off, seduces Warner into a drive. Poked to the right of backward point via an outside edge, sneaks away to the boundary;
19.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run back of a length and outside off, Warner camps in the crease. Lashes and misses;
18.6;?;Ali to Rogers, no run slides onto the pads, non-turning ball, which is knocked to midwicket;
18.5;4;Ali to Rogers, FOUR runs Moeen now goes full and outside off, Rogers flays it away past the covers;
18.4;?;Ali to Rogers, no run floated up on off, defended to silly-point off the front foot;
18.3;4;Ali to Rogers, FOUR runs Moeen errs in line and length. He drops it short and offers room. Rogers is quick to rock back and cut it away through backward point;
18.2;1;Ali to Warner, 1 run glanced off the pads through backward square leg;
18.1;?;Ali to Warner, no run flighted and on middle, blocked back to the bowler;

Ajay: "Finn's been carted around the park. England have dropped 2 catches. Warner's rocking along at almost run-a-ball. Normal service resumes?"
 Innings Start
Australia
England
4th Investec Test, Nottingham, Aug 6 - 8 2015, Australia tour of England and Ireland
60 &
391/9d
Player of the match is Stuart Broad, ENG
England won by an innings and 78 runs
