Data
India keep Australia down to 193 in 41.3 over, taking the last eight wickets for just 76 runs. Thats quite an accomplishment. The hero was six-wicket man Kartik, who stifled the batting in spectacular fashion. No real partnerships to speak of for Australia.
Here's a stat on Kartik's six-wicket haul - His 6 for 27 happen to be the best figures ever by a left-arm spinner in ODIs, beating Sanath Jayasuriya's 6 for 29 against England in Moratuwa in 1992-93.
One more - One of our readers, Shelly, asks about the previous occasion the Australians were bowled out so cheaply. We have the answer - It came in Wellington against New Zealand in February 2007, where they made 148 (batting first).
India need 194 to win. Their chase will resume in about 40 minutes or so. Do join us then. Kanishkaa will start off and I'll take over later. Its a dead rubber but this Mumbai crowd doesnt mind!
Let me remind you that you can now watch an animated representation of our commentary on Cricinfo 3D. It uses all our scoring data to render a 3d representation of the game, with various camera angles for you to play around with, and it has features such as wagon wheels, pitch maps, and the live scorecard. There are also replays after every wicket and boundary on demand, as well as celebrations for wickets. Oh, and it's free. Click away.
41.3;W;Singh to Bracken, OUT and thats the end of that! Bracken gets a short-pitched delivery on the stumps, swivels into the pull, doesnt time it well at all and all Harbhajan has to do is jog in from fine leg and hold a simple catch.;Nathan Bracken c Harbhajan Singh b Singh 3 (25m 18b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
41.2;?;Singh to Bracken, no run fuller delivery, angled in from outside off, he drives uneasily and gets an inside-edge onto the front leg, the ball rolls to point;
41.1;?;Singh to Bracken, no run good length delivery on the stumps, Bracken plays it back confidently to RP;
40.6;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run short and a touch wide, he gets back and mistimes his attempted cut to point;
40.5;4;Harbhajan to Johnson, FOUR runs flatter delivery, on a length, but Johnson dances down and heaves it over midwicket, hard and flat, for another crucial boundary;
40.4;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run tossed up again, quicker, he defends it back;
40.3;6;Harbhajan to Johnson, SIX runs first six of the match! Johnson dances down, isnt to the pitch but carries through with his slog over the infield, the ball sails over long-offs head, just;
40.2;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run tossed up outside off, wider, he again leaves it alone;
40.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run tossed up from around the stumps, Johnson thinks about playing but withdraws the bat as the ball spins past him;
39.6;?;Singh to Bracken, no run fuller in length outside off, left alone to the keeper;
39.5;?;Singh to Bracken, no run digs it in short outside off, Bracken goes for the pull but the bat nowhere near the ball;
39.4;?;Singh to Bracken, no run swinging in on off stump, confidently pushed towards mid-off;
39.3;?;Singh to Bracken, no run drifting on to the body this time, Bracken tries to tuck it away to the on side but wasnt in control of it;
39.2;?;Singh to Bracken, no run teasing line outside off, tempts Bracken to go for the slash past point and in the process, misses the ball;
39.1;?;Singh to Bracken, no run big inswing into the righthander,a lmost lands on a yorker length. The ball clips Bracken's pads and rolls to the bowler. RP appeals;
38.6;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run attempts another heave and he misses again;
38.5;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted outside, inviting another hoick down the on side, Johnson lets it go;
38.4;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run Johnson aims for the slog sweep across the line, misses it completely;
38.3;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted outside off and left alone;
38.2;1;Harbhajan to Bracken, 1 run nudged off the frontfoot wide of forward short leg and Dhoni gets excited again;
38.1;?;Harbhajan to Bracken, no run inside edge onto the pads and the ball rolls to silly point. Dhoni yells 'catch it';
37.6;1;Khan to Bracken, 1 run fuller in length outside off, Bracken gets forward, opens the face of the bat, plays close to the pad and glides the ball down to third man;
37.5;1;Khan to Johnson, 1 run outside off and fended towards point for a single;
37.4;1;Khan to Bracken, 1 run tests Bracken with a lifter. Bracken takes the ball close to the arm guard and the ball rolls to the on side. They scamper through for a quick single;
37.3;1;Khan to Johnson, 1 run short of a length and Johnson swivels. He pulls and keeps the ball along the ground to deep square leg;
37.2;?;Khan to Johnson, no run fuller in length, Zaheer gets a good indrift and Johnson pushes it to mid-off;
37.1;?;Khan to Johnson, no run good length, fired in on off stump. Johnson shapes to cut and nearly chops the ball onto his stumps;
36.6;?;Harbhajan to Bracken, no run pitches on off and doesnt turn, Bracken defends off the full face of the bat;
36.5;?;Harbhajan to Bracken, no run another doosra. This lands just short of a good length and Bracken gets back and defends confidently;
36.4;?;Harbhajan to Bracken, no run flighted on off and middle, defended to the off side;
36.3;?;Harbhajan to Bracken, no run doosra. Bracken somehow manages to get his bat behind it and defend;
36.2;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run floated outside off, Johnson rocks back and cuts square;
36.1;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted and full on middle, driven confidently back to Harbhajan;
35.6;?;Kartik to Bracken, no run Bracken gets a good stride forward and defends close to the pads. Dhoni gets excited as the ball clips the pads;
35.5;W;Kartik to Hopes, OUT Hopes misreads the turn! flighted around the middle stump. Hopes goes back and the ball spins from middle, goes through and clips the off stump. Big daylight between bat and pad on that one. That's six for Kartik... what a comeback!;James Hopes b Kartik 22 (46m 23b 3x4 0x6) SR: 95.65;
35.4;1;Kartik to Johnson, 1 run Johnson gets on his knees and shapes to play the slog sweep. He only succeeds in hitting it along the ground to deep midwicket;
35.3;?;Kartik to Johnson, no run;
35.2;1;Kartik to Hopes, 1 run pushed in faster on middle and leg, Hopes plays with the line and pushes it wide of midwicket;
35.1;1;Kartik to Johnson, 1 run flighted on off stump, pushed to midwicket;
34.6;?;Khan to Hopes, no run full in length and on the pads, Hopes tries to work it to the on side and misses. Zaheer gets excited as the ball strikes the pads. That was goig down the leg side;
34.5;?;Khan to Hopes, no run good length on middle, Hopes turns his wrists and works it to midwicket;
34.4;?;Khan to Hopes, no run fuller in length on off and middle, Hopes plays a confident forward defensive stroke;
34.3;?;Khan to Hopes, no run Zaheer manages to get that extra bounce. That traps Hopes high on the pads as he tries to work it to the on side;
34.2;?;Khan to Hopes, no run short of a length, climbs on Hopes around the off stump. he opens the face of the bat and fends to point;
34.1;1;Khan to Johnson, 1 run good length just outside off, Johnson goes back and gets an outside edge to third man;
33.6;2;Kartik to Hopes, 2 runs tossed up on middle and leg, Hopes gets down on his knee and sweeps;
33.5;1;Kartik to Johnson, 1 run flighted on middle and leg, pushed down to long-on;
33.4;?;Kartik to Johnson, no run flighted on middle and leg, pushed back to Kartik;
33.3;?;Kartik to Johnson, no run defended back to kartik;
33.2;?;Kartik to Johnson, no run left alone safely outside off;
33.1;4;Kartik to Johnson, FOUR runs loose delivery outside off, Johnson rocks on the backfoot and cuts that firmly past point. Harbhajan dives in vain at the boundary edge;
32.6;1;Harbhajan to Johnson, 1 run flighted just outside off, Johnson plays with the turn and cuts past point;
32.5;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run pushed in flatter and faster, Johnson plays really late and nearly chops the ball onto his stumps;
32.4;2;Harbhajan to Johnson, 2 runs tucked to the on side for a couple;
32.3;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run flighted on off stump, defended to the covers;
32.2;?;Harbhajan to Johnson, no run tossed on middle and leg, strikes him on the pads outside the line. the ball rolls to the on side;
32.1;1;Harbhajan to Hopes, 1 run tucked away to the on side for a single;
31.6;?;Kartik to Johnson, no run Johnson blocks out the hat-trick ball with a forward defensive push. The ball just lands wide of silly point;
31.5;W;Kartik to Lee, OUT Kartik takes five! flighted on off stump, draws Lee onto the forward drive and succeeds in getting an outside edge to RP Singh at gully. Kartik's on a hat-trick here...again!;Brett Lee c Singh b Kartik 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
31.4;W;Kartik to Hogg, OUT bat-pad! flighted on off stump, Hogg gets a stride forward and appeared to get an inside edge onto the pads. Uthappa at forward short-leg takes the catch and the rest are certain they've got the wicket. Hogg looks rather unhappy with Saheba's decision though;Brad Hogg c Uthappa b Kartik 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
31.3;?;Kartik to Hogg, no run this time he chooses to leave it alone outside the off stump;
31.2;?;Kartik to Hogg, no run oh! tentative in defence there. nearly gets an inside edge onto the stumps;
31.1;W;Kartik to Haddin, OUT Kartik gets him with the arm ball! Haddin gets a half-stride forward to a delivery pitched on middle and straightening. The ball strikes him low on the front pad and that was an easy decision for Umpire Saheba;Brad Haddin lbw b Kartik 19 (48m 38b 3x4 0x6) SR: 50;
30.6;2;Harbhajan to Hopes, 2 runs pushed in flatter, swept square and RP Singh at the deep square leg boundary nearly over-runs the ball. Luckily he gets his right hand out on time and intercepts it;
30.5;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run;
30.4;1;Harbhajan to Hopes, 1 run;
30.3;1;Harbhajan to Haddin, 1 run Dropped! Haddin takes a couple of paces forward and plays a slog sweep. The ball is airborne for a long time and Zaheer at deep square leg keeps his eyes on it but somehow lets it slip between his fingers. He may have been looking at the sun;
30.2;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run;
30.1;?;Harbhajan to Haddin, no run pushed in flat on off stump, defended back to Harbhajan;
29.6;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run flighted on leg, catches Hopes with the turn again. He manages to defend to the on side;
29.5;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run defended back to the bowler;
29.4;4;Kartik to Hopes, FOUR runs fullish outside off and Hopes dabs that away to third man. Controlled stroke in the end;
29.3;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run;
29.2;?;Kartik to Hopes, no run that turned! kartik gets it to turn square from leg to off and squares up Hopes on the backfoot. Lucky not to edge that to the close in fielders;
29.1;2;Kartik to Hopes, 2 runs tossed up outside off, Hopes gets forward and a thickish edge takes the ball down to third man;
28.6;?;Singh to Haddin, no run back of a length outside off stump, Hadding gets up and shoulders arms;
28.5;2;Singh to Haddin, 2 runs good length outside off stump, Hadding gets over it and plays a good cover drive into the gap and picks up two, he looks good;
28.5;1w;Singh to Haddin, 1 wide full and wide, Haddin flays the bat but cant get to it, thats a wide;
28.4;?;Singh to Haddin, no run short of a length well outside off now, and he leaves it be carefully;
28.3;4;Singh to Haddin, FOUR runs and then we have a confident shot like that! Haddin gets forward initially, likes the length, and slams it on the up over extra cover for a much more controlled four;
28.2;4;Singh to Haddin, FOUR runs edged for four! RP bowls a slower ball, full and wide outside off stump, forcing Haddin to reach out and drive, and the thick edge flies over Tendulkar's fingers as he leaps up at wide slip;
28.1;?;Singh to Haddin, no run good stuff, yorker in the blockhole and equally well dug out by Haddin;
27.6;1;Kartik to Haddin, 1 run tossed up a touch wider, allowing him room to drive through cover-point for one;
27.5;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run tossed up again, he comes forward and drives down the ground, mid-off fields;
27.4;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run slower ball, looped up nicely on middle and off, Haddin drives back to Kartik;
27.3;1;Kartik to Hopes, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Hopes gets a good stride in and the ball clips him, rolling to leg safely off the inside-edge;
27.2;1lb;Kartik to Haddin, 1 leg bye fired in down leg stump, tucked off the pads towards square leg, its a leg-bye;
27.1;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run tossed up on middle and off, he comes forward and defends to silly point;
26.6;?;Singh to Hopes, no run short of a length well outside off stump, Hopes watches it go past safely;
26.5;4;Singh to Hopes, FOUR runs now thats a confident stroke! Hopes takes toll of the fuller length and drives excellently through the covers to pick up a much-better boundary early in his innings;
26.4;?;Singh to Hopes, no run good length outside off stump again, this time Hopes leaves well enough alone;
26.3;4;Singh to Hopes, FOUR runs still full, and a touch wider, and Hopes gives it a full-blooded drive but gets a thick outside-edge that screams away to third man for four;
26.2;?;Singh to Hopes, no run back of a length well outside off stump, asking the batsman to come after it but Hopes watchfully lets it through to Dhoni;
26.1;W;Singh to Ponting, OUT edged and gone! Big wicket for RP, coming around the stumps again and bowling it a touch short, tempting Ponting to sway back and cut, but the result it a thick outside-edge which Dhoni snaps up;Ricky Ponting c ?Dhoni b Singh 57 (129m 78b 9x4 0x6) SR: 73.07;
25.6;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run fuller and quicker, off stumpish again, Hadding on-drives but cant beat the fielders;
25.5;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run there's a hint of turn, great delivery, pitching on a length and beating Haddin's poke at it as he's squared up;
25.4;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run quicker delivery, not much turn, but Haddin is forced to get back and defend;
25.3;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run tossed up nicely on off stump, Haddin tentatively feels for it and pushes towards backward point;
25.2;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run drifts down leg stump, from middle and leg, Ponting sweeps to short fine leg;
25.1;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up on a length, off stumpish, and Ponting defends to the close-in man;
24.6;?;Singh to Haddin, no run back of a length outside off stump, Haddin is content leaving it alone;
24.5;?;Singh to Haddin, no run another slower ball from RP, full and looking for the yorker on off stump, its not perfected but still keeps Haddin quiet, pushing to cover;
24.4;?;Singh to Haddin, no run back of a length well outside off, Haddin judges it and shoulders arms;
24.3;?;Singh to Haddin, no run slower one now, full and wide, Haddin gets down and drives loosely and is beaten;
24.2;?;Singh to Haddin, no run back of a length outside off, stays low, Haddin drives to point off the back foot;
24.1;?;Singh to Haddin, no run wide outside off again, Haddin reaches across and goes fishing and is beaten;
24.1;1w;Singh to Haddin, 1 wide and its another bad ball, full and wide outside off for another wide;
23.6;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run good over comes to and as Kartik tosses it up on off and Ponting again defends;
23.5;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up on leg stump, Ponting gets a huge stride in and defends, the ball clips the pad and Kartik appeals but the umpire's not convinced;
23.4;1;Kartik to Haddin, 1 run tossed up on off stump, Haddin drives uppishly but beats Kartik's dive and gets one to long-off;
23.3;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run initially comes forward and Kartik alters the length and pace, bowling full and fast and Haddin defends;
23.2;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run tossed up on a length, getting Haddin forward to defend watchfully;
23.1;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run touch too wide and Ponting drives through the covers for one out to sweeper;
22.6;?;Khan to Haddin, no run top over from Zaheer, again keeping it tight just outside off stump and Haddin gets behind it to defend the last ball of a maiden over;
22.5;?;Khan to Haddin, no run quicker delivery, nipping off a short length and catching a hopping Haddin high on the knee roll but well outside the line of impact;
22.4;?;Khan to Haddin, no run back of a length, Haddin gets behind it and defends into the covers;
22.3;?;Khan to Haddin, no run fuller now, a touch slower, Haddin gets onto the front foot and drives back to Zaheer, who puts his left hand out and intercepts;
22.2;?;Khan to Haddin, no run back of a length delivery, pushed towards the fielders;
22.1;?;Khan to Haddin, no run good bowling! Lands on a short length and slants across Haddin, rooted in his crease and pushing at it loosely outside off stump, beaten completely;
21.6;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run teasing line, just a fraction short and Ponting gets behind it to defend;
21.5;1;Kartik to Haddin, 1 run flatter delivery on middle and off, he defends quickly, top bowling this as Haddin scampers one;
21.4;?;Kartik to Haddin, no run tossed up on middle and leg, defended back to Kartik;
21.3;4;Kartik to Haddin, FOUR runs tossed up, Haddin gets under it and gives it a big swing, the ball takes the toe end of the bat and balloons up safely over mid-off;
21.2;1;Kartik to Ponting, 1 run quicker, shorter, flatter, Ponting makes room and cuts into the covers;
21.1;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up teasingly on off stump but Ponting defends well, so no chance of that;
20.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run oh ho ho...how close was that? Pretty close, I'll tell you, as Ponting gets squared up by a short delivery going away from off stump and pushes it back in the air well wide of Zaheer, who tries in vain to get his left hand outstretched but just cant get there;
20.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run good length delivery outside off stump, Ponting gets forward and defends to cover;
20.5;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide another short delivery but ill-directed very wide of leg stump, Ponting tries to pull but cant get bat on it and Dhoni collects to his left;
20.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run fuller in length this time, and a watchful Ponting gets forward and defends;
20.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run sharp bouncer just outside leg stump, kicking off the surface and forcing Ponting to swivel out of harm's way;
20.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run a touch fuller outside off and Ponting whips it straight to mid-on;
20.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run back of a length, angled across Ponting, who defends to point going back;
19.6;W;Kartik to Symonds, OUT and the big man goes first ball! The ball's pretty ordinary, short and wide outside off stump and Kartik's extremely lucky to get Symonds, cutting at it and looking on as Tendulkar, in the covers, dives forward and takes a good catch!;Andrew Symonds c Tendulkar b Kartik 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;W;Kartik to Hodge, OUT and thats that, as Hodge, with limited footwork, pushes at a shorter and quicker delivery outside off stump and gives the wide slip catching practice, ending a scratchy innings in which he couldnt force it against the spinners;Brad Hodge c Karthik b Kartik 16 (50m 29b 2x4 0x6) SR: 55.17;
19.4;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run tight stuff this, pitching full and forcing Hodge to come forward and block .. he looks very uneasy against the spinners ...;
19.3;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run again Kartik gets it to turn from middle stump and an uneasy Hodge defends;
19.2;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run flatter delivery, middle stump and spinning away, Hodge defends to cover;
19.1;?;Kartik to Hodge, no run tossed up on middle and leg, Hodge comes forward and defends;
18.6;4;Harbhajan to Ponting, FOUR runs tossed up on middle and leg and Ponting deftly sweeps it away for four, raising his 50;
18.5;1;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 run short and flat, pitches outside leg and spins sharply further, Hodge tries to pull and Dhoni misses out;
18.4;1;Harbhajan to Ponting, 1 run lands on middle and leg and spins down, Ponting nudges it fine to get to 49;
18.3;1;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 run straighter delivery on middle and off, Hodge comes forward and taps it to midwicket and sprints down to the other end;
18.2;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run tossed up outside off, Hodge gets a good stride in and tries to smother the spin, but the ball clips his pad and rolls fine;
18.1;2;Harbhajan to Hodge, 2 runs quick delivery, the topspinner, bounces outside off stump and Hodge runs it past slip;
17.6;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up teasingly, Ponting gets forward and defends to complete a very good over;
17.5;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run back of a length now, and Ponting gets back to drive but cant beat cover again;
17.4;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up nicely, he gets well forward and pushes to cover;
17.3;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run sharp bounce this time, and a hint of turn as Ponting gets back and is squared up, the ball spinning past his bat;
17.2;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run a touch shorter, allowing Ponting time to get back and drive to cover;
17.1;?;Kartik to Ponting, no run tossed up from around the stumps, between the umpire and stumps, on a length and Ponting lunges forward to defend;
16.6;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run quicker one on middle and leg, tucked towards square leg;
16.5;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run almost! Harbhajan tosses it up on off stump and a nervouse Hodge drives it back to him but it doesnt carry as the bowler moves to his left;
16.4;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run this one drifts too much down leg stump and Hodge works it to short fine leg;
16.3;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run quicker through the air and Hodge initially comes forward but then waits on it as the ball spins in from middle stump;
16.2;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run tossed up on middle and off and getting it to turn in, Hodge taps it to leg;
16.2;1w;Harbhajan to Hodge, 1 wide quicker delivery goes down leg stump for a wide;
16.1;?;Harbhajan to Hodge, no run good delivery, pitching on a teasing length, off stumpish, and bouncing as Hodge gets forward and defends uneasily;
15.6;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run back of a length outside off stump this time, he shuffles in his crease but cant beat backward point;
15.5;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run good length delivery, he comes forward but cant beat the fielders on the off;
15.4;4;Pathan to Ponting, FOUR runs standing well outside his crease, Ponting gets on top of a short delivery and square-drives well behind point for four;
15.3;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run good delivery, picthing on a short length, jagging in with extra bounce and cutting Ponting in half, there's noise as the ball zips in and Dhoni collects it after it deviates sharply but umpire Sahiba doesnt react to the extended appeal;
15.2;1;Pathan to Hodge, 1 run back of a length outside leg stump, easily tucked off the hips and through the vacant gap at square leg out to Ganguly in the deep;
15.1;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run fullish length, Hodge comes forward and on-drives to Zaheer at mid-on;
14.6;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run pushed to mid-on;
14.5;1;Ganguly to Hodge, 1 run off cutter, pitches just outside the off stump, Hodge shuffles a little and works it to the on side for a single;
14.4;1;Ganguly to Ponting, 1 run holds the length back, still strays on the leg and middle though. pushed to mid-on;
14.3;4;Ganguly to Ponting, FOUR runs sprays down the leg side and Ponting - on leg glance - just gets a feather touch to it. No fielder in sight to save the boundary down fine leg;
14.2;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run better line and length, outside the off stump, glided down to gully;
14.2;5w;Ganguly to Ponting, 5 wide Ganguly sprays the ball down the leg side and there's little Dhoni can do to get a hand to it, let alone collect cleanly;
14.1;2;Ganguly to Ponting, 2 runs on the pads and worked to the on side;
13.6;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run good running! full and Ponting leans forward in advance for the defensive push. He sets off in a flash after the ball beats Pathan and completes the run;
13.5;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run cuts down on the pace, 117 kph, Ponting gets forward and pushes the ball back to Pathan;
13.4;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run good length on off stump, pushed to point;
13.3;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run quicker delivery, 136 lph, fired in on middle stump, Ponting is quick to the task and defends back to Pathan;
13.2;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run sloer ball and a touch too full, leans forward and pushes to cover;
13.1;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run good length just outside off, goes back and pushes to point;
12.6;?;Ganguly to Hodge, no run good length on off stump, Hodge stays on the front foot and defends;
12.5;?;Ganguly to Hodge, no run better line and length, closer to the batsman outside off, pushed to the off side;
12.5;1w;Ganguly to Hodge, 1 wide sliding down leg, Dhoni collects it this time;
12.4;4;Ganguly to Hodge, FOUR runs overpitched outside off and in the slot to drive. Hodge gets a good stride forward, meets the ball off the full face of the bat and beats cover;
12.3;1;Ganguly to Ponting, 1 run defensive push, beats Ganguly and goes to mid-on. Ponting sets off and makes his ground just in time after the stumps are dislodged at the non-striker's end;
12.2;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run cramps Ponting for room outside off. Ponting shapes to cut but gets a big inside edge onto his pads;
12.2;5w;Ganguly to Ponting, 5 wide bit of swing again but Ganguly drifts down leg. Beats Dhoni;
12.1;?;Ganguly to Ponting, no run starts off with a big inswinger close to a yorker length. Ponting watches it carefully and digs it out to midwicket;
11.6;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run fullish in length outside off, Hodge opts to play safe and just pushes that one to point;
11.5;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run that was a more assured defensive push to mid-off;
11.4;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run appeal! Hodge gets a half stride forward to meet the ball outside off. The ball jags back in but strikes him outside the line;
11.3;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run defended neatly on the front foot;
11.2;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run pushed to mid-on and Ponting scampers back to the other end and beats Zaheer's throw;
11.1;?;Pathan to Ponting, no run driven on the up towards point and again the ball just falls short of the fielder - Yuvraj this time. At least he saved a couple of runs;
10.6;1;Singh to Ponting, 1 run full, on the pads, Hodge flicks and the ball is airborne. the ball just falls short of Murali Kartik at fine leg;
10.5;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs RP struggles ith his radar again and gives Ponting too much width outside off. Ponting moves across his stumps and cuts fiercely past cover and point;
10.5;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide that was so wide outside off that Steve Harmison would've been proud of that!;
10.4;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs width offered outside off and Ponting stretches his bat at it and plays a controlled slash past the slips. The ball just beats third man;
10.3;?;Singh to Ponting, no run short of a length in line with the stumps, Ponting goes forward and the ball strikes him high on the top-fglap of the front pad. RP appeals confidently but the ball struck Ponting too high;
10.2;?;Singh to Ponting, no run full in length, pushed to the off side;
10.1;?;Singh to Ponting, no run funny looking stroke from Ponting there! that was just a little wide outside off and Ponting, who should've played that on the front foot went on the backfoot instead and tried to cut it square of the wicket. Beaten in the end;
9.6;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run brings the line outside off, Hodge watches it carefully and leaves it;
9.5;2;Pathan to Hodge, 2 runs drifts a little on the pads and Hodge shuffles and works it past square leg for a couple;
9.4;?;Pathan to Hodge, no run that was an assured leave outside off stump;
9.3;4;Pathan to Hodge, FOUR runs and a four to ease the pressure! Pathan errs by sliding on Hodge's pads. Hodge shuffles a little and glances it down to fine leg;
9.2;W;Pathan to Gilchrist, OUT Gilchrist goes for the wild slash and pays the price! that was full and swinging away from the left hander outside off. Gilchrist goes for the expansive slash over point and gets a thick top edge which flies to Harbhajan running to his right from third man;Adam Gilchrist c Harbhajan Singh b Pathan 19 (51m 26b 4x4 0x6) SR: 73.07;
9.1;1;Pathan to Ponting, 1 run good length on leg stump, comes in. Ponting goes across and glances to fine leg;
8.6;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run tucked towards midwicket;
8.5;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run beaten! teasing line outside off, draws the batsman forward with the drive. Gilchrist tries to drive straight but is beaten and on the follow through releases one hand off the handle. That showed he was in no control of the stroke;
8.4;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run good length outside off, comes into the left-hander, Gilchrist gets across and works the ball to midwicket;
8.3;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run;
8.2;4;Khan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs just short of a length on off, Gilchrist reads the length early and swivels. he pulls and places the ball wide of square leg;
8.1;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run pushed down to the on side;
7.6;1;Pathan to Gilchrist, 1 run ...and Gilchrist glides that one down to Uthappa at deep point for a single;
7.5;4;Pathan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, Gilchrist slashes that one over point and cover and the ball sails to the boundary off the second bounce;
7.4;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run pushed firmly to Murali Kartik at mid-on who does well to slide across to his right and cut it off.;
7.3;4;Pathan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs low full toss. Gilchrist gets a half stride forward and meets the ball off the full face and places that in the gap between point and cover;
7.2;?;Pathan to Gilchrist, no run good line and length on off and middle, defended back to the bowler;
7.1;1lb;Pathan to Ponting, 1 leg bye short of a good length on leg stump, glanced off the hips to the on side;
6.6;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run strikes him high on the pad and zaheer appeals! that was going above the stumps surely;
6.5;4;Khan to Gilchrist, FOUR runs edged and dropped! fullish delivery outsuide off, Gilchrist goes for the drive on the off side and gets a thick inside edge to Uthappa at second slip. Uthappa leaps to take it above his head but the ball deflects off his fingers to the boundary. That was a chance;
6.4;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run played back to the bowler;
6.3;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run pushed to the off side;
6.2;4b;Khan to Gilchrist, 4 byes short of a length outside off, Gilchrist didnt expect that to swing so much away from him as the ball beat the bat. The carry wasnt there for Dhoni who had to dive low to his left. The ball deflects from his glove and races past the slips;
6.1;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run good length outside off, left alone;
5.6;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs RP errs in length again. pitches on a fullish length on middle and leg and drifts towards the pads. Ponting gets across and works that with ease past square leg;
5.6;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide RP struggles for consistency as he sends that wide outside off;
5.5;?;Singh to Ponting, no run beaten! in the corridor outside off, draws Ponting forward for the drive. Ponting doesnt quite meet the pitch of the ball and is sliced in half;
5.4;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs just a tough too full outside the off stump. Ponting goes forward a little and plays a square drive past point and cover. That was all timing;
5.3;?;Singh to Ponting, no run holds the length back a little. Ponting stays on the front foot and drives towards point;
5.2;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs half volley outside off and a forward defensive push sends the ball sprinting past the right of mid-off;
5.1;?;Singh to Ponting, no run fullish in length and movement away from the right hander. Ponting goes for the drive and misses;
4.6;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run Ponting shapes to play that on the on side but plays with an angled bat. the ball rolls to the off side instead;
4.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run pushed to the off side;
4.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run short of a length on leg stump. Ponting goes on the backfoot and tries to defend but is caught unaware by the inward movement and is caught high on the pad. Zaheer appeals confidently but it was striking him too high;
4.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run lands it on a length outside off at a lively pace. Ponting is careful with his off stump and again chooses to leave it;
4.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run good length around the off stump, pushed towards the covers;
4.1;?;Khan to Ponting, no run half volley on middle and leg, Ponting gets his bat down on it quickly and tries to drive past the bowler. Zaheer is alert enough to bend down and get his left hand to it. Good stop;
4.1;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide Zaheer compensates by landing it outside the off stump, Ponting shoulders arms. That was close to being a wide;
4.1;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide and another wide, pitches on leg and continues with the angle down the leg side;
3.6;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run good length on middle stump, Gilchrist gets forward and shapes to drive on the on side. Turns into a defensive push to midwicket;
3.5;1;Singh to Ponting, 1 run;
3.4;1;Singh to Gilchrist, 1 run pitches on middle and leg and moves away from the left hander, glanced to fine leg;
3.4;1w;Singh to Gilchrist, 1 wide RP Singh strays just a little too wide outside off, the away movement doesnt help his cause though;
3.3;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run beaten! bang on target outside the off stump, Gilchrist gets a half stride forward, pokes at it and the late away movement saves him;
3.2;?;Singh to Gilchrist, no run good line and length on the corridor outside off, Gilchrist watches the away movement and lets it go;
3.1;1;Singh to Ponting, 1 run good length on leg and middle, swings into the right hander and drifts close to the pads. Glanced to fine leg;
2.6;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run good length on middle, gets the ball to cut in, worked to the on side;
2.5;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run beaten! pitches just outside the off stump and goes away with the angle. Gilchrist fishes outside the off stump;
2.4;?;Khan to Gilchrist, no run good length around the off stump, comes in after pitching. Gilchrist gets behind the line and defends;
2.3;1;Khan to Ponting, 1 run full and just a little too wide, Ponting opens the face and plays it down to third man;
2.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run beaten! Zaheer finds the right line and length outside the off stump. The ball climbs on ponting a little as he sticks his bat out;
2.1;1;Khan to Gilchrist, 1 run overpitched just outside the off stump, Gilchrist leans forward for the drive and the ball meets the toe edge of the bat and races to third man;
1.6;4;Singh to Ponting, FOUR runs drifts on the pads again. Too full and Ponting obliges by working it with his wrists down to the square leg boundary;
1.6;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide down the leg side, plenty of inswing again which RP fails to control;
1.5;2;Singh to Ponting, 2 runs drifts towards the pads and worked across the line with the wrists to square leg;
1.5;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide and this goes the other way! RP struggles with his radar as the ball goes way outside the off stump. Lots of work for the umpires already;
1.5;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide plenty of inswing there and the ball slides down the leg side. Ponting goes for the fine-leg glance but doesnt connect;
1.4;?;Singh to Ponting, no run good length outside the off stump, bit of away movement for RP and Ponting lets it go;
1.3;?;Singh to Ponting, no run full and in the slot to drive, pushed back to RP;
1.2;?;Singh to Ponting, no run appeal! full delivery outside the off stump, the ball goes through with the line and hits Ponting on the front pad. He got a good stride forward and replays showed that he was struck outside the line;
1.2;1w;Singh to Ponting, 1 wide fuller in length though wide down the leg side. RP tries to work up some swing;
1.1;2;Singh to Ponting, 2 runs loosener from RP Singh on middle and leg, Ponting shuffles a little across his stumps and glances it square. square leg runs across and cuts it off;
0.6;1lb;Khan to Ponting, 1 leg bye back of a length on middle and leg, cuts in a little and Ponting glances it off his hips to fine leg;
0.5;?;Khan to Ponting, no run fullish delivery again outside off, Ponting chooses to let it go;
0.4;?;Khan to Ponting, no run beaten! the line is closer to the off stump this time. Ponting was drawn forward;
0.4;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide that was sloppy stuff. Zaheer sprays that wide outside the off stump and the movement takes it further away;
0.3;?;Khan to Ponting, no run this time Zaheer gets it to slant across the batsman. Plenty of away movement in that one and Ponting lets it go;
0.2;?;Khan to Ponting, no run good length, pitches on middle again and straightens, Ponting gets right behind the ball and defends;
0.2;1w;Khan to Ponting, 1 wide oh well after the euphoria of the wicket, Zaheer slips that one way down leg side, Dhoni has to fling himself to his left to take that;
0.1;W;Khan to Clarke, OUT what a start! Zaheer lands it on a good length bang on middle stump, gets the ball to drift in to the right-hander before pitching. Clarke gets a half stride forward and the ball strikes him right in front. The umpire had no hesitation in raising his finger as Zaheer went up in appeal;Michael Clarke lbw b Khan 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;

We're just about 5 minutes away from the start. Adam Gilchrist and Michael Clarke walk out. Zaheer Khan warms up.
Our man at the ground, Anand Vasu says: "The crowds are swelling as play gets under way on a very hot day. The crowd has been noisy for some time now, with chants of "Sa-chin, Sachin" and "Ganapati Bappa Morya" booming from the Garware Pavilion and the Vijay Merchant Stand."
Toss: Australia have won the toss and will bat first. The big news is that Rahul Dravid has been 'rested', according to Mahendra Singh Dhoni. Dinesh Karthik has taken his place. RP Singh if fit and he comes in for Sreesanth.
Here's a stat on Dravid's poor form of late - In his last nine innings, he averages 8.88 with three ducks. Perhaps a rest will do him some good.
Australia are unchanged from the previous game so Ben Hilfenhaus, the fast bowler, remains a passenger on this trip. Matthew Hayden hasn't recovered yet from his hip injury, while Brad Hodge, who's struggled for runs, gets another life.
Pitch: The surface looks brown and the experts feel that it will assist the bowlers initially and get slower as the evening progresses. What does it take to have some grass on the pitch for a change? Seaming pitches was 'the' standout feature in last year's Champions Trophy, but sadly, we've hardly seen that here.
Teams: Australia: 1 Adam Gilchrist, 2 Brad Haddin, 3 Ricky Ponting, 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Brad Hodge, 6 Andrew Symonds, 7 Brad Hogg, 8 James Hopes, 9 Brett Lee, 10 Nathan Bracken, 11 Mitchell Johnson
India: 1 Sourav Ganguly, 2 Sachin Tendulkar, 3 Dinesh Karthik, 4 Yuvraj Singh, 5 Mahendra Singh Dhoni, 6 Robin Uthappa, 7 Irfan Pathan, 8 Murali Kartik, 9 Harbhajan Singh, 10 Zaheer Khan, 11 RP Singh
Try Slogout, the new online cricket game from Cricinfo. Play now!
Cricinfo's ball-by-ball commentary now on your mobile phone. Its Free! Download Now.
Hello and welcome to Cricinfo's coverage of the seventh and final match of the one-day series between India and Australia, at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium. This is Kanishkaa, your commentator/mood-enhancer, for the moment. Jamie Alter will join us later.
India pushed Australia to the edge back in Nagpur but it wasn't enough to prevent a dead-rubber going in to the final game. A seven-match series is bound to have one or two inconsequential games like this one. India still have a lot to play for and a consolation win here would serve as a psychological boost ahead of the ODIs against Pakistan next month.
We'll bring you the toss and team news shortly. There's still a big question over Rahul Dravid, who's due for runs, so it will be interesting to see if they persist with him, or give a couple of guys in the bench a shot at the Australians. For Australia, doubts still linger over Matthew Hayden's fitness.
 Innings Start
A tense two-wicket win for the hosts in the dead rubber gives the crowd plenty to cheer about as Kartik and Zaheer embrace mid-pitch. Australia have already won the series and India can take some pleasure from this match. Kartik was the hero with the ball, picking up a career-best 6 for 27 as India nipped out the last eight wickets for 76 runs and keeping Australia to 193 in 41.3 overs.
In reply Australia were excellent with the new ball, hitting all the right areas and swinging out the big names. Uthappa was upto the challenge, however, keeping things in check with a classy 47 before Kartik and Zaheer held their nerve to seal the deal in 46 overs. They added 52 in 10.2 overs.
A dramatic win, yes, but India have plenty to do ahead of their full series against Pakistan coming up soon. Australia take the Future Cup 4-2. They won playing aggressive, professional cricket, something India lacked in patches.
Kartik says "having a bit of fun" was key to the partnership with Zaheer. Stay with us for the post-match presentation shortly.
Dhoni comes up first: "We never started the series well so we wanted to end well ... it was a team effort ... the batsmen failed but full credit to Uthappa, Zaheer and Kartik ... it was a gamble calling up Kartik but its one that paid off and I'm proud of him ... this is a team victory."
Not hard to predict the Man of the Match - its Kartik for his six wickets and unbeaten 21 to help steer India home. Big cheers for him. He had the best figures for an Indian against Australia. "It was a great effort at the end of the day ... by God's grace it worked out well for me ... there was some spin and I had to mix it up ... its the best I've bowled in a match ... figure-wise, this would be the best ... we had some fun batting out there ... cracking jokes helped us through ... and yes, I did nick one through to the keeper (big smile)!"
Symonds is the Man of the Series: "Its a team game ... we had three first-ballers today and we were beyond the eight-ball ... I'm really proud of the way the groups played in India ... well done, boys ... most importantly its been important to win in India."
Ponting comes up last: "We fought really hard with ball but didnt have enough runs ... always hard defending that score ... Murali's just admitted he nicked that one but it would've been nice if he'd walked (grins) ... congratulations to India ... we've won this series and now look forward to the Twenty20."
Cheers as Ponting accepts the Future Cup. BCCI president Sharad Pawar hands it over and quickly makes his exit. (Remember the ICC Champions Trophy final?) The Australians all come together for an album picture.
Well thats all we have for you, folks. Thanks for tuning into Cricinfo once again and its been a pleasure bringing you the commentary all series. Do join us for the Twenty20 fixture between these two sides from the Brabourne Stadium on October 20. Its a 19:00 local, 13:30 GMT start that day.
This is Jamie Alter, your commentator, signing off. Cheers!
45.6;4lb;Johnson to Kartik, 4 leg byes and thats the win for India, sending the Wankhede Stadium into delirium! Johnson again bowls it full and well down leg stump, Kartik goes for the flick, mistimes it off the boot but gets it past a diving Gilchrist and the ball's away to fine leg for the winning runs!;
45.5;1;Johnson to Khan, 1 run but he doesnt use the angle to his advantage, instead bowling it down leg and allowing Zaheer the chance to work it fine for one to fine leg;
45.4;1;Johnson to Kartik, 1 run overpitched on leg stump and thats a nice flick off the pads, into the gap backward of square, out to deep backward square leg for one;
45.3;?;Johnson to Kartik, no run and again! Kartik cant stop himself from walking into a shot and driving ever so loosely, only to be beaten outside off for the umpteenth time ... talk about frayed nerves here;
45.2;?;Johnson to Kartik, no run another full delivery on middle and leg, Kartik gets bat on it and works it to midwicket;
45.1;?;Johnson to Kartik, no run full delivery outside off stump, uneasily driven to extra cover by Kartik;
44.6;1;Bracken to Kartik, 1 run well wide of off stump, width on offer, Kartik reaches out and steers it into the gap at gully and collects a single off the last ball of Bracken's spell;
44.5;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run good length outside off stump, Kartik leaves well enough alone and Mumbai cheers its appreciation ... Bracken swivels and walks back to his mark;
44.4;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run fuller delivery outside off stump and this time Kartik presents a compact full face of the bat to defend towards point ... appreciation from Zaheer;
44.3;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run once more Kartik cant resist from pushing well forward and missing the ball completely ... he will keep the slips interested playing like this!;
44.2;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run beaten again, as Kartik comes forward and feels for a fullish delivery outside off stump, he's cross with himself;
44.1;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run back of a length outside off stump, Kartik stands his ground and leaves it be;
43.6;?;Johnson to Khan, no run much fuller delivery this time on middle and leg, Zaheer pushes it to point again and firmly tells Kartik not to attempt the single;
43.5;?;Johnson to Khan, no run back of a length delivery, no room to work with, Zaheer stands deep in his crease and allows it to come into him, then pushes to point ... a bit of yes-no and they leave it be;
43.4;?;Johnson to Khan, no run good length well outside off stump, Zaheer leaves it be;
43.3;4;Johnson to Khan, FOUR runs top shot! Johnson goes astray this time, pitching down leg stump and Zaheer tickles it deftly off the bat and with fine leg up thats four runs! Johnson is not happy with himself;
43.2;?;Johnson to Khan, no run back of a length outside off stump, Zaheer's feet dont move much as he tries to cut and gets beaten second ball in a row;
43.1;?;Johnson to Khan, no run slower ball, using the wide angle, Zaheer gets down on bended knee and drives but misses all ends up;
42.6;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run beaten! Kartik again pushes forward and is lucky not to get an edge!;
42.5;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run good length delivery outside off stump, this time Kartik defends to point;
42.4;4;Bracken to Kartik, FOUR runs edged away for four! Oh ho ho! Kartik prods forward outside off stump, gets a thick outside edge perfectly between Gilchrist and Ponting at slip, the ball dips and beats Ponting's right hand and races away for crucial runs ... tense!;
42.3;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run full delivery well outside off stump and this time Kartik wisely plants the leg out and shoulders arms;
42.2;?;Bracken to Kartik, no run he stands and feels for it, hanging his bat outside off stump, and gets beaten again as the pressure builds on Kartik;
42.1;1;Bracken to Khan, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, Zaheer wait on it and then runs it down to third man, another cool, calculated shot from the tail-ender;
41.6;1;Lee to Khan, 1 run again Zaheer looks to go downtown, but he mistimes his heave into the ground, runs hard to collect the single off the inside-edge;
41.5;6;Lee to Khan, SIX runs and he's cleared over the ropes! Cool shot, as Zaheer gives it a clean, straight hit back down the ground, clearing long-on by some distance ... immense hit!;
41.4;?;Lee to Khan, no run good yorker honed in on middle and leg, well played by Zaheer as he tries the flick but digs it back to Lee ... words exchanged, and mainly from Zaheer!;
41.3;1;Lee to Kartik, 1 run better shot from Kartik, using his feet and pushing the ball into the gap at point and collecting out to the deep, drawing cheers from the partisan crowd;
41.2;?;Lee to Kartik, no run fuller delivery, pitching and beating Kartik's tentative, on-the-up walking drive, the slips and Gilchrist will be licking their lips;
41.1;?;Lee to Kartik, no run back of a length well outside off, Kartik goes chasing and misses;
40.6;?;Hogg to Khan, no run sharp delivery, pitching on middle and leg and spinning into Zaheer, who goes back and keeps it out;
40.5;?;Hogg to Khan, no run flatter delivery on middle and off, Zaheer goes back and defends it down;
40.4;?;Hogg to Khan, no run tossed up on middle and off, Zaheer gets forward and defends;
40.3;?;Hogg to Khan, no run tossed up on middle and leg, worked straight to midwicket;
40.2;4;Hogg to Khan, FOUR runs oh thats a good shot! Zaheer takes on Hogg, coming out to meet a tossed up delivery with a clean biff through extra cover for four;
40.1;?;Hogg to Khan, no run tossed up outside off stump, he lunges forward and defends to cover;
39.6;4;Lee to Kartik, FOUR runs take that! digs out a low full toss outside off and the ball goes screeching past point and thiird man;
39.5;?;Lee to Kartik, no run confident appeal! teases the batsman with a widish delivery outside off. Kartik was tempted into ths drive. Lee jumped up as the ball beat the bat but umpire Dar wasnt interested;
39.4;1;Lee to Khan, 1 run that was a neat forward defensive punch down to long-on. Sensible batting by India. They need 31 off 62;
39.3;?;Lee to Khan, no run dishes out another yorker length delivery - this time outside the off stump - and Zaheer digs it out;
39.2;?;Lee to Khan, no run good ball bang on the line of the stumps. Zaheer gets his bat down nicely on it and defends;
39.1;?;Lee to Khan, no run starts off with a reverse swinging yorker. Zaheer does well to dig it out;
38.6;?;Hogg to Kartik, no run tries to cut but beaten fair and square;
38.5;4;Hogg to Kartik, FOUR runs another premeditated glide and this time Kartik succeeds with a boundary! the fielder darts from shirt third man and ends up crashing into the boundary hoarding. I'm not too sure if the sponsors will be too thrilled to see that;
38.4;2;Hogg to Kartik, 2 runs gives room and Kartik deftly glides that down towards third man;
38.4;1w;Hogg to Kartik, 1 wide slides down the leg side and wide called;
38.3;1;Hogg to Khan, 1 run pushed down to long-off for an easy single;
38.2;1;Hogg to Kartik, 1 run flighted on middle and leg and kartik gets down on his knee and sweeps. The ball gets the top edge and falls in the middle of nowhere;
38.1;?;Hogg to Kartik, no run Kartik tries to cut but is cramped for room. He nearly chops it onto his stumps;
37.6;?;Johnson to Khan, no run;
37.6;1w;Johnson to Khan, 1 wide slides down the leg side and wide called;
37.5;1;Johnson to Kartik, 1 run tucked to the on side for a single;
37.4;1;Johnson to Khan, 1 run overpitched outside off and Zaheer senses the opportunity for a boundary. The intentions were correct as he went forward and smashed that past the covers. However, he places it straight to the fielder at the deep;
37.3;?;Johnson to Khan, no run short of a length on of stump, Zaheer goes back and defends;
37.2;1lb;Johnson to Kartik, 1 leg bye drifts towards the pads, Kartik shuffles across his stumps and deftly nudges it wide of midwicket;
37.1;1;Johnson to Khan, 1 run pushed to the off side for a single;
36.6;?;Hogg to Kartik, no run sharp wrong 'un there, Catches Kartik by surprise but he adjusts his stroke on the backfoot and keeps it down;
36.5;1;Hogg to Khan, 1 run pushed behind point for an easy single;
36.4;?;Hogg to Khan, no run;
36.3;1;Hogg to Kartik, 1 run flighted outside off, goes back and slashes it uppishly past the vacant point region;
36.2;?;Hogg to Kartik, no run tossed up outside off, defended on the frontfoot;
36.1;?;Hogg to Kartik, no run loosener outside the off stump, tries to cut but misses;
35.6;1;Johnson to Kartik, 1 run glided towards third man for a single;
35.5;2lb;Johnson to Kartik, 2 leg byes yorker length drifting on the pads, tries to flick but the ball clips his pads and rolls to the on side;
35.4;W;Johnson to Harbhajan, OUT short of a length and wide outside off, Harbhajan tries to glide it past the keeper with a lazy glide. Ponting, at wide first slip, takes the catch easily at head-height;Harbhajan Singh c Ponting b Johnson 19 (73m 49b 1x4 0x6) SR: 38.77;
35.4;1w;Johnson to Harbhajan, 1 wide this time Johnson doesn't get away with it as he strays too wide outside off;
35.3;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run good length outside off and fended towards point;
35.2;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run aims for thr yorker length ball on off stump but strays a little wide. Harbhajan waits for the wide call but....not wide enough for the umpire Aleem Dar;
35.1;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run slower ball, offcutter on middle and leg, Harbhajan reads it a little late and chooses to defend;
34.6;?;Hogg to Khan, no run low full toss outside off but Zaheer softly plays it towards the covers;
34.5;?;Hogg to Khan, no run the wrong 'un. Zaheer waits on it and tries to cut but finds the fielder at point again;
34.4;?;Hogg to Khan, no run flighted outside off and fended to point;
34.3;?;Hogg to Khan, no run another low full toss and this time Harbhajan cannot put it away. ends up pushing it back to Hogg;
34.2;2;Hogg to Khan, 2 runs low full toss on leg stump and glanced down to fine leg;
34.1;4;Hogg to Khan, FOUR runs wide outside off and Zaheer latches onto it! that was driven uppishly past the covers and placed well;
33.6;?;Johnson to Harbhajan, no run full outside off and in the slot to drive. Harbhajan goes for the cover drive but places it straight to the fielder;
33.5;2;Johnson to Harbhajan, 2 runs drifting on the pads, Harbhajan shuffles and tucks it wide of midwicket. Good running results in a comfortable two;
33.4;1;Johnson to Khan, 1 run fuller in length and Zaheer gets a stride forward. He meets the pitch of the ball and glides it wide of point and sets off for a single;
33.3;?;Johnson to Khan, no run back of a length outside off, Zaheer has another good look at it and lets it go;
33.2;?;Johnson to Khan, no run the quicker one, angles across the right hander and Zaheer just lets it go;
33.1;?;Johnson to Khan, no run nervous start to the over. Bowls the offcutter, the batsman pokes his bat out the the ball gets the outside edge. Fortunately, it falls well short of first slip;
32.6;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run flighted on middle and leg, Harbhajan defends and the ball strikes him low on the pad. Hogg appeals but the ball was missing leg easily;
32.5;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run tossed up outside leg and Harbhajan gets down to sweep. Again he can't beat the short fine-leg fielder;
32.4;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run tossed up and another paddle to short fine-leg;
32.3;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run paddled across to short fine leg;
32.2;1;Hogg to Khan, 1 run this was just a little short outside off, the wrong 'un, he waits on it and cuts square;
32.1;?;Hogg to Khan, no run tossed up on off stump, Zaheer waits on it and defends off the front foot;
31.6;1;Clarke to Khan, 1 run bit too much flight, turns into a low full toss. Zaheer pushes it down to long-off;
31.5;?;Clarke to Khan, no run solid forward defensive stroke. he can afford to play himself in;
31.4;2lb;Clarke to Khan, 2 leg byes drifting on leg and glanced down to fine leg off the pads;
31.3;W;Clarke to Uthappa, OUT Clarke strikes! tossed up on off stump, Uthappa gets forward to a full length delivery and tries to defend.The ball hits him low on the pad and umpire Aleem Dar is convinced the ball struck him in line with off stump;Robin Uthappa lbw b Clarke 47 (100m 59b 4x4 2x6) SR: 79.66;
31.2;4;Clarke to Uthappa, FOUR runs Uthappa gives himself room, waits for the turn and cuts past point. The placement was perfect as there was no fielder in sight;
31.1;?;Clarke to Uthappa, no run pushed in flat on legstump, gets forward and defends;
30.6;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run pitches on off stump and turns sharply. Harbhajan shoulders arms, thinking it would be declared a wide but it wasnt wide enough. Good call;
30.5;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run confident forward defensive stroke on the front foot;
30.4;2;Hogg to Harbhajan, 2 runs full outside the off stump, Harbhajan gets forward and drives past extra cover, Ponting dives at the boundary;
30.3;1;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 run flighted on leg, Uthappa shuffles and scoops to fine leg;
30.2;1;Hogg to Harbhajan, 1 run;
30.1;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run fired in on middle, turns into a yorker and Harbhajan has a wils swing and the ball clips the inside edge and rolls behind the batsman;
29.6;1;Clarke to Harbhajan, 1 run drifts down leg and Harbhajan tickles it fine for one more;
29.5;?;Clarke to Harbhajan, no run tossed up outside off, Harbhajan drives nicely into the covers, where Symonds dives and fires in a throw to cut off the single;
29.4;1lb;Clarke to Uthappa, 1 leg bye tossed up down leg stump, no spin again, Uthappa paddles it past short fine leg for one more to keep it ticking along;
29.3;1;Clarke to Harbhajan, 1 run quicker ball, flatter trajectory on middle and off, he too makes room and pushes into the gap at point, to much cheer;
29.2;1;Clarke to Uthappa, 1 run arm ball on off stump, Uthappa waits and pushes into the covers;
29.1;?;Clarke to Uthappa, no run full down leg stump, Uthappa tries to flick but takes it off the boot to short fine leg;
28.6;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run fuller delivery on middle and off, he comes forward and defends;
28.6;5w;Hogg to Harbhajan, 5 wide flat ball spinning down leg stump, Harbhajan tries the paddle again but misses, almost takingout Gilchrist in the process, and the ball runs away to the boundary;
28.5;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run looped up nicely on middle and off, the ball dips and spins in sharply to catch Harbhajan in the jewels ... hes not taken kindly to it and limps off to square leg ... the umpires decide to call for drinks;
28.4;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run full and in the blockhole, Harbhajan digs it back to Hogg;
28.3;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run doesnt pick the faster wrong 'un, opting for the pull but ending up dragging it down into the ground in front of cover;
28.3;1w;Hogg to Harbhajan, 1 wide fuller, pitching on middle and leg and turning sharply down, Harbhajan misses, Gilchrist goes for the stumping, but thats wide;
28.2;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run tossed up on off, comes in and Harbhajan defends off the back foot;
28.1;1lb;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 leg bye tossed up on leg stump, spins down and Uthappa plays it to short fine leg;
27.6;2;Clarke to Harbhajan, 2 runs speared down leg stump and now its Harbhajan's turn to get cute and paddle it past Gilchrist down to the fielder at fine leg;
27.5;1;Clarke to Uthappa, 1 run short ball on the stumps, no spin at all, Uthappa pulls out to the deep;
27.4;1;Clarke to Harbhajan, 1 run slips out his fingers, short ball down leg stump, Harbhajan shuffles and scoops it safely over square leg for one;
27.3;?;Clarke to Harbhajan, no run goes down the leg stump, marginally, and its not called wide;
27.2;?;Clarke to Harbhajan, no run arm ball, straight on middle and off, Harbhajan doesnt time it well but survives;
27.1;1;Clarke to Uthappa, 1 run quick delivery speared down leg stump, wide, Uthappa again paddles it nicely but just the single this time;
26.6;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run tossed up outside leg stump, Harbhajan gets a good stride in and plays it away;
26.5;1;Hogg to Uthappa, 1 run fuller delivery, the wrong 'un, which Uthappa picks and uses the feet nicely to drive down towards long-off;
26.4;2;Hogg to Uthappa, 2 runs tossed up just outside off stump, Uthappa waits for it and opens the face, running it cheekily down to Bracken at third man;
26.3;4;Hogg to Uthappa, FOUR runs tossed up very well wide of leg stump, a poor ball, Uthappa cashes in with a deft paddle-scoop over Gilchrist for four;
26.2;1;Hogg to Harbhajan, 1 run shorter one, spins in, he tries to pull but mistimes it to deep square leg;
26.1;?;Hogg to Harbhajan, no run tossed up outside outside off, left alone;
25.6;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run fuller delivery, played out into the covers;
25.5;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run good length outside off, Uthappa again comes forward but this time misses it, the ball hits the front pad first and Hopes belts out an appeal but Uthappa was saved by his stride forward, and perhaps the height;
25.4;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run full delivery outside off stump, he gets well over it and tries pushing it wide of point but the fielders too sharp;
25.3;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run good length on off stump, Uthappa drops his head and defends it back;
25.2;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run good length on the stumps, he shuffles and taps it towards midwicket;
25.1;2;Hopes to Uthappa, 2 runs good length outside off, Uthappa comes onto the front foot, waits for it, and opens the face to run it down to third man;
25.1;1w;Hopes to Uthappa, 1 wide strays down leg stump and Uthappa cant connect, wide called anyways;
24.6;?;Lee to Harbhajan, no run back of a length outside off stump, now Harbhajan decides to leave it be;
24.5;4;Lee to Harbhajan, FOUR runs good shot, Harbhajan meeting a fuller delivery with a straight bat, driving back down the ground for four;
24.4;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run chaos! Uthappa pushes a full delivery in the blockhole down the ground, Lee misfields and the ball sneaks past the stumps, Uthappa calls for the risky single, the fielders move in, theres hesitation and they decide chuck it, lets go for the single and thats a very close shave for Harbhajan as the relayed throw to Gilchrist's end is off the mark;
24.3;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run slower delivery outside off stump, he comes onto the front foot and pokes it into the covers where Symonds fields again;
24.2;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run good length delivery outside off, he greets it with a gentle push to Symonds in the covers;
24.1;1;Lee to Harbhajan, 1 run short on the stumps, Harbhajan walks across and gets up on the toes, playing it down towards square leg;
23.6;6;Hopes to Uthappa, SIX runs onorthdox but oh so effective! Uthappa walks well down the track and Hopes drops it in short, but the batsman's intent on going through with his shot, connecting well and dismissively creaming it on the up over extra cover for maximum!;
23.5;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run slower ball, fullish around off stump and Uthappa doesnt pick it too well, but ends up playing it safely back to Hopes;
23.4;1lb;Hopes to Harbhajan, 1 leg bye this one pitches and moves, clipping him high above the knee roll and sneaking past Gilchrist for a leg-bye;
23.3;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run back of a length again, this time Harbhajan tries to leave it alone after pushing forwardd initially, and then the ball clips the bat and drops in front of the keeper;
23.2;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run another back of a length delivery which Harbhajan gets upto and pushes into the covers, no chance of a single though;
23.1;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run back of a length on off stump, played back down the track comfortably;
22.6;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run good length delivery outside off stump, he gets forward and defends to cover;
22.5;4;Lee to Uthappa, FOUR runs the thump is here! Uthappa simply plants the leg out and bludgeons the half-volley back over Lee's head and mid-off had no chance of stopping it;
22.4;1;Lee to Harbhajan, 1 run short of a length on middle stump, Harbhajan gets inside the line and works it nicely into the ground and into the gap at short fine leg, for one more;
22.3;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run good length delivery outside off stump, Uthappa was eyeing the onside but splices it, going against the line and turning the bat face, safely over extra cover;
22.2;1;Lee to Harbhajan, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, pushed at and theres a safe thick edge along the ground wide of second slip for one more;
22.1;1;Lee to Uthappa, 1 run good length delivery outside off stump, Uthappa plants the front foot out and drives hard, mistiming it but safely into the gap behind point for one;
21.6;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run good length outside off stump, he pushes it to extra cover and turns down the single;
21.5;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run straighter one, coming on with the arm, Harbhajan sizes it up and defends watchfully back down the track to Bracken;
21.4;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run pushed across Harbhajan again, a touch wider off a length, and he is comfortable leaving it be with a raise of the bat;
21.3;?;Bracken to Harbhajan, no run back of a length, going away from off stump, Harbhajan shoulders arms;
21.2;1;Bracken to Uthappa, 1 run strays onto leg stump and Uthappa flicks it fine for one;
21.1;6;Bracken to Uthappa, SIX runs clean strike! Uthappa likes the length and swings it, with plenty of wrist power, over wide long-on for half a dozen, powerful and effortless hit;
20.6;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run shortish delivery outside off stump, Harbhajan plays it into the covers;
20.5;1;Hopes to Uthappa, 1 run full and rather wide, Uthappa drives hard at it and gets a safe outside-edge down towards third man ... flash hard, as they say;
20.4;1;Hopes to Harbhajan, 1 run similar delivery, similar shot, but this time Harbhajan rolls the wrists further and places it well behind square leg for one;
20.3;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run back of a length on off stump, Harbhajan whips it to midwicket;
20.2;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run good length outside off stump, Harbhajan gets the front leg forward and then shoulders arms quite professionally;
20.1;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run good length outside off, played out to point;
19.6;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run again he beats Uthappa with one pitching on a great length and moving away ever so slightly ... Bracken showing that sometimes less swing works more than a prodigous amount;
19.5;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run a touch fuller this time, allowing Uthappa to get well over it and smother any swing Bracken was hoping to achieve ... swing has been whats undone India under the lights this evening;
19.4;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run this one pitches on a great length and moves away with the angle, beating Uthappa as he lunges forward and tries feeling for it, that was very close;
19.3;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run overpitched on leg stump, a freebie, but Uthappa doesnt catch in, flicking straight to Hodge at midwicket;
19.2;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run straighter delivery on a length, Uthappa gets in line and defends it getting tall;
19.1;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run good length delivery angled across the stumps, pitches and moves in with extra bounce and surprises Uthappa as he plays forward, the ball rolls to slip;
18.6;?;Hopes to Harbhajan, no run and he gets a short delivery first up, which he leaves alone;
18.5;W;Hopes to Pathan, OUT and he doesnt trouble the scorers any! Hopes gets it to pitch and angle across Pathan, who is tempted, like Dhoni a moment ago, to push at it and this time its catching practice for second slip ... nothing more than a steer into his hands and Hopes loves it ...;Irfan Pathan c Clarke b Hopes 0 (4m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
18.4;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run good length, pitching marginally outside leg stump and moving away, Pathan is struck on the front leg outside the line of impact;
18.3;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run effort this time, banging it short outside off stump and Pathan shoulders arms;
18.2;?;Hopes to Pathan, no run good length delivery pushed across the left-hander, who judges it and leaves;
18.1;1;Hopes to Uthappa, 1 run good length delivery comes in from outside off, Uthappa defends and gets an inside-edge towards square leg;
17.6;?;Bracken to Pathan, no run back of a length on off stump, he stands and defends to leg;
17.5;W;Bracken to Dhoni, OUT edged and gone! The thinnest of edges as Dhoni stands rooted to his crease and can't resist fishing at one angled across off stump, a pretty inoccuous delivery but Dhoni's gentle feeler only ended up in Gilchrist's safe gloves .. and thats his 400th catch in one-day cricket as India slip further;MS Dhoni c ?Gilchrist b Bracken 5 (22m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
17.4;?;Bracken to Dhoni, no run back of a length again, this time Dhoni plays it much straighter to cover;
17.3;?;Bracken to Dhoni, no run again, he gets back to a short delivery and flashes it into the covers, but Clarke from point is too quick;
17.2;?;Bracken to Dhoni, no run back of a length outside off stump, Dhoni quickly gets back and pushes into the covers, where the men are tough to beat;
17.1;?;Bracken to Dhoni, no run comes down the pitch and works a full delivery from off stump to mid-on;
16.6;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run sharp lifter! Hopes, after having to pull out of his delivery at the last second as something distracted Uthappa, steams in and bounces the right-hander with one that kicks off and moves past his nose, forcing him to hop up and get out of the way;
16.5;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run similar delivery but this time Uthappa gets behind the line and forward, middling it well as he defends it into the covers;
16.4;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run beaten! The cutter, this one holds it line and beats Uthappa, expecting it to come in again, just shaving past the outside edge of his bat;
16.3;?;Hopes to Uthappa, no run good length delivery, no room to work with, Uthappa gets forward, a good foot outside his crease, and defends watchfully;
16.2;1;Hopes to Dhoni, 1 run fuller delivery comes in from outside off, Dhoni gets forward and square-drives through the cover-point region for one;
16.1;?;Hopes to Dhoni, no run back of a length outside off stump, Dhoni twirls it straight to point;
15.6;4;Bracken to Uthappa, FOUR runs sweet shot! Uthappa comes forward to another good length delivery and presents a straight face of the bat, timing it perfectly back down the ground and mid-off and mid-on cant haul it in;
15.5;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run good length delivery angled across off stump, to which Uthappa comes forward and defends, getting right over the ball;
15.4;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run a straighter delivery from Bracken, pitching in line with off stump and going on, Uthappa gets in line and drives back down the track;
15.3;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run full again and Uthappa comes well forward to negate the movement, copping it on the front pad and the ball rolls into the covers;
15.2;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run pushes this one away from Uthappa, who's beaten as he lunges on the forward press across off stump, that was delivered from close to the stumps and kicked off the surface too;
15.1;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run full length as he tries to work it across the right-hander, but Uthappa comes well forward in his stride and defends it stoically;
14.6;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run;
14.5;?;Johnson to Dhoni, no run;
14.4;4;Johnson to Dhoni, FOUR runs;
14.4;1w;Johnson to Dhoni, 1 wide;
14.3;1;Johnson to Uthappa, 1 run opens the face of the bat and glides it late. This time the ball beats point;
14.3;1w;Johnson to Uthappa, 1 wide short of a good length on off and middle, Uthappa opens the face of the bat and glides it to point;
14.2;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run;
14.1;2;Johnson to Uthappa, 2 runs overpitched outside off, Uthappa gets in position early to drive and finds the gap between mid-off and cover. He doesnt time it well enough to reach the boundary;
13.6;?;Bracken to Dhoni, no run left alone outside the off stump, Dhoni gauges the bounce;
13.5;W;Bracken to Yuvraj, OUT Bracken finally gets his reward! almost the perfect delivery - comes in to the left hander, Yuvraj sticks his bat out, expects the ball to continue with the line but it shapes away. He gets a thick outside edge and the athletic Gilchrist flings himself to his left and takes the catch;Yuvraj Singh c ?Gilchrist b Bracken 15 (47m 26b 2x4 0x6) SR: 57.69;
13.4;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run fuller in length, gets forward and pushes to point;
13.3;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run similar delivery, angles away from him and he leaves it again;
13.2;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run pitches outside off and moves away with the angle, Yuvraj thinks of cutting it but instead shoulders arms;
13.1;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run safely negotiated by Yuvraj outside off, no demons in this delivery;
12.6;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run attempted yorker, turns into a low full toss, Uthappa gets forward and drives towards cover;
12.5;?;Johnson to Uthappa, no run shuffles across the stumps and defends down to point;
12.4;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run gets it to shape away from the left hander and Yuvraj fends it to the off side for a single;
12.3;1;Johnson to Uthappa, 1 run played down with soft hands to the off side and both batsmen set off in a flash. Good running;
12.2;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run attempts an inswinging yorker but he strays towards the pads. Yuvraj clips it late and sets off for a single;
12.2;1w;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 wide slides down the leg side, rare lapse from the Australians after a few deadly overs;
12.1;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run full on off stump, in the slot to drive, Yuvraj turns it to mid-on;
11.6;?;Bracken to Uthappa, no run full and swinging away just a touch, Uthappa gets forward and defends;
11.5;1;Bracken to Yuvraj, 1 run drifts towards the pads, Yuvraj flicks uppishly and the ball goes a couple of bounces down to fine leg;
11.4;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run;
11.3;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run good length on off stump, gets forward and pushes to point;
11.2;2;Bracken to Yuvraj, 2 runs outside edge, races away down to fine leg, Haddin darts across like a cheetah and saves it just inches off the rope;
11.1;4;Bracken to Yuvraj, FOUR runs uppish but safe! half volley outside off, Yuvraj stretches forward and drives uppishly. There were cries of 'catch it' but he bisected the gap between cover and extra cover perfectly;
10.6;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run pushed to Symonds at point, Uthappa thinks of a run but is sent back by Yuvraj. Symonds hits the stumps but Uthappa was well in;
10.5;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run fires that one in outside off at a lively pace, Uthappa just lets it go;
10.4;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run tucked away to the on side with a flick of the wrists;
10.3;?;Lee to Uthappa, no run full outside off, Uthappa gets a stride forward and defends;
10.2;W;Lee to Tendulkar, OUT Lee hits the timber! full and swinging in, Tendulkar leans across for the cover drive, plays away from the body and gets an inside edge onto the stumps. The ball just clips the leg-bail;Sachin Tendulkar b Lee 21 (52m 36b 4x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
10.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run hint of inswing, left alone outside off;
9.6;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run lands it on 'that' line just outside off and Yuvraj pokes at it, beaten again;
9.5;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run;
9.4;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run beaten! that was mighty close! comes in with the angle, moves away after pitching. Nobody knows how that ball beat the outside edge and the off stump. Yuvraj wonders what hit him and the Australians go up in appeal and hold back;
9.3;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run full and wide outside off, Tendulkar drives away from his body past point and Lee runs across and cuts it off;
9.2;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run fires that in outside off at a good pace, 130 kph, left alone;
9.1;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run short of a length on leg stump, Tendulkar expects it to move down the leg side but the ball straightens and catches him high on the thigh pad;
8.6;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run outside off and safely negotiated;
8.5;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run full and quick outside the off stump, Tendulkar shapes to drive on the on side but plays an inside out stroke as the ball races to third man off the outside edge;
8.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length on the stumps, Tendulkar pushes it to mid-on;
8.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length on off stump, played to the off side;
8.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run dug in short and that sails over Tendulkar's head;
8.1;4b;Lee to Tendulkar, 4 byes this ball is upto some tricks here! first it moves away before pitching, Tendulkar shapes to cut and suddenly moves in after pitching. Poor Gilchrist has no time to adjust as he dives in vain to left;
7.6;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run beaten! in the corridor outside the off stump, Yuvraj just had to poke at it and Bracken wonders how on earth he didn't get bat on that;
7.5;?;Bracken to Yuvraj, no run good length on off stump, Yuvraj defends on the frontfoot;
7.4;1;Bracken to Tendulkar, 1 run inswing into the right hander, Tendulkar shuffles a little, plays across the line and finds the gap between midwicket and square leg;
7.3;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run this time Tendulkar gets some wood and pushes to the off side;
7.2;?;Bracken to Tendulkar, no run left alone but streaky! I tell you that ball was barely a few inches from the off stump;
7.1;4;Bracken to Tendulkar, FOUR runs oh! how did that miss? lands on a good length just outside off, cuts in sharply, Tendulkar gets forward to defend and the ball gets a thin inside edge, beats the stumps and a diving Gilchrist;
6.6;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run full in length outside off, Yuvraj gets a good stride forward and pushes it towards cover;
6.5;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run outside the off stump again and Yuvraj isn't interested;
6.4;?;Lee to Yuvraj, no run left alone outside the off stump;
6.3;1;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 run on the pads and Tendulkar times that sweetly as he flicks down to fine leg. The ball appeared like it was going to race away to the boundary. The placement wasn;t quite as perfect;
6.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full in length just outside the off stump, hardly any away movement. Tendulkar gets his bat down and defends;
6.1;1;Lee to Yuvraj, 1 run strays on the pads and Yuvraj plays a delectable flick down to fine leg. The tming in that should give him confidence;
5.6;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run better line, doesnt give him much room, pushed to the off side;
5.5;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs width again and rightfully despatched! this was banged in short of a length and Tendulkar gets his bat down and punches the ball in the gap between cover and point;
5.4;4;Johnson to Tendulkar, FOUR runs Johsnon errs with width outside off and Tendulkar square drives that superbly past point;
5.3;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run good length on middle and leg, timed beautifully but flicked straight to short midwicket;
5.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run holds the length back and Tendulkar defends;
5.1;1;Johnson to Yuvraj, 1 run tests Yuvraj with a superb yorker on middle stump! Yuvraj just manages to dig it out the ball races towards fine leg off the toe edge of the bat;
4.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good length on line with middle stump, Tendulkar shapes to play across the line to the on side but adjusts his stroke. The ball rolls to mid-on;
4.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run digs it in short of a good length again and Tendulkar eases it back to the bowler;
4.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run short of a length on middle, Tendulkar tucks it off his body to midwicket;
4.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run beats him again, and this time the away swing saves Tendulkar. That's the line to bowl;
4.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run good comeback from Lee, beats him outside off as Tendulkar pokes at it;
4.1;4;Lee to Tendulkar, FOUR runs lovely shot to ease the nerves! overpitched on the pads, Tendulkar shuffles and works it in the gap between mid-on and midwicket with a flick of the wrists;
3.6;?;Johnson to Yuvraj, no run left alone to Gilchrist;
3.5;4;Johnson to Yuvraj, FOUR runs streaky but Yuvraj will take it! yorker length on off stump, Yuvraj tries to dig it out and gets a thick outside edge off the toe of the bat. The ball flies low towards gully and the fielder throws himself to his right. The ball beats him and races to third man;
3.4;W;Johnson to Karthik, OUT edged and gone! teasing length from Johnson - pitched up just outside the off stump. Karthik senses an opportunity to break the rut and get off the mark. he drives and the thinnest of edges goes through to Gilchrist;Dinesh Karthik c ?Gilchrist b Johnson 0 (12m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
3.3;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run better line, closer to the line of the stumps, Karthik goes back and defends;
3.3;1w;Johnson to Karthik, 1 wide Johnson strives for that extra yard of pace but slides that so wide that first slip could have collected it on the full;
3.2;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run good length outside off, Karthik gets nicely behind the line of the ball and punches it back towards Johnson;
3.1;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run Johnson delivers that from slightly wide of the crease, gets the ball to angle away from Karthik. Left alone;
2.6;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run beaten! pitched up outside off, tempting the cover drive again and Tendulkar nearly edges it through to Gilchrist;
2.5;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run full outside off and shaping away late. Tendulkar shapes to drive past ther covers but doesnt meet the ball off the meat of the bat. He ends up chopping the ball to the off side;
2.4;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run fuller in length outside off, the ball doesnt move much as Tendulkar safely lets it go;
2.3;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run Tendulkar shapes to cut square but Lee cramps him for room outside off. The ball rolls to the off side;
2.2;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run this time Lee chooses to shape the ball away from the right-hander, Tendulkar lets it go;
2.2;1w;Lee to Tendulkar, 1 wide time for another wide, down the leg side, Lee aims for that inswinger but mis-directs it;
2.1;?;Lee to Tendulkar, no run pacy delivery, 90.7 mph, pitches outside off and Tendulkar shoulders arms;
1.6;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run full outside the off stump, Karthik stretches out to chase that and ends up hitting the ball off the bottom edge of the bat. The ball rolls behind the batsman;
1.6;1w;Johnson to Karthik, 1 wide the 'wide bug' bites Johnson again. Slides down leg, Karthik shuffles to glance that down but the ball was too wide;
1.5;?;Johnson to Karthik, no run lands on a good length around off stump, karthik gets his bat down and defends off the full face of the bat;
1.5;1w;Johnson to Karthik, 1 wide Johnson errs in line by sliding another one down the leg side;
1.5;1w;Johnson to Karthik, 1 wide Karthik gets a wake-up call with a short delivery on leg stump, just misses the body as he takes evasive action;
1.4;W;Johnson to Ganguly, OUT first blood to Johnson! teases Ganguly with a good length delivery pitching on off stump. The ball angles away from the left-hander after pitching and Ganguly is all at sea as he gets a thick outside edge through to Gilchrist;Sourav Ganguly c ?Gilchrist b Johnson 0 (9m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.3;1;Johnson to Tendulkar, 1 run tucked away with ease to midwicket with a turn of the wrists and Tendulkar's underway. The crowd roars;
1.2;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run safely negotiated outside the off stump;
1.1;?;Johnson to Tendulkar, no run well that was a nervy start for Sachin! Johnson pitches it short of a length and the ball jags back in, strikes high on the pad, misses the stumps through to the keeper. Gilchrist appeals, though half-heartedly;
0.6;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run good length on the stumps, this time Ganguly gets some wood on it and defends;
0.5;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run beaten! fuller in length, on the corridor outside the off stump, Ganguly gets a tentative prod forward and the ball just beats the bat;
0.5;1w;Lee to Ganguly, 1 wide and he strays off line and sends this wide outside the offstump;
0.4;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run another unplayable lifter from Lee, he's firing them in and Ganguly couldnt do much with that;
0.3;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run fired in at close to 150 kph, the ball rises on Ganguly and Gilchrist collects it near his face...raw pace folks;
0.2;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run drags the line closer to the off stump now, Ganguly gets his bat behind it and pushes to point;
0.2;1w;Lee to Ganguly, 1 wide the 'wide bug' bites Lee now! way outside off and Ganguly opts not to chase that;
0.1;?;Lee to Ganguly, no run starts off with a waft outside the off stump, Ganguly tries to cut with the angle, rather tentatively;

Thanks Jamie. We're ready for the chase. Ganguly takes strike against Lee. ON ON
 Innings Start
Australia
India
7th ODI (D/N), Mumbai, Oct 17 2007, Australia tour of India
193
195/8
Player of the match is Murali Kartik, INDIA
India won by 2 wickets (with 24 balls remaining)
