Data
9.12 pm The Australia bowlers were magnificent in the Powerplay to strangle West Indies' top order and, with the exception of Mitchell Starc, continued through the rest of the innings as well to keep everyone bar Andre Russell in check. 145 feels way below part on this wicket. Hazlewood ends with 3 for 12 in his four overs as the standout bowler while Marsh winds up with 2 for 26. It will take something special from the West Indies in the field to keep Australia from chasing this down. Stay with us for the start of the chase when Andrew McGlashan will be back in the central commentary position.
19.6;6;Hazlewood to Bravo, SIX runs short ball on the stumps spoils Hazlewood's spell. The bowler lets out a few expletives after Bravo swivels to swat this over wide long-on, over the rope and over the fence 10 yards beyond it.;
19.5;1;Hazlewood to Allen, 1 run wide yorker on sixth stump slapped to long-off for one.;
19.4;1;Hazlewood to Bravo, 1 run short on the hips, Bravo with an awkward flick off the pads for a single.;
19.3;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run yorker pierces the gap between leg stump and Bravo's legs backing away for a leg side heave ending as a crucial dot ball.;
19.2;W;Hazlewood to Russell, OUT drags on! Hazlewood has been a machine this match. Gets the yorker length right on fifth stump, Russell tried to carve this through cover but mistimes it and it comes back onto the stumps. Hazlewood with a massive fist pump. That ball could be the difference between 140 and 155 to chase.;Andre Russell b Hazlewood 51 (41m 28b 3x4 5x6) SR: 182.14;
19.1;1;Hazlewood to Allen, 1 run full on off, dug out into long-off for one.;
18.6;1lb;Starc to Allen, 1 leg bye full and speared into the pads, misses a heave and comes off the pads for a leg bye.;
18.5;1;Starc to Russell, 1 run attempted yorker on off stump, scuffs this out off the toe to long-off.;
18.4;6;Starc to Russell, SIX runs hello! Or should that be, goodbye?!?! Short on the stumps, Russell slaughters this high and deep over the roof again at square leg. If you can believe it, this is Russell's maiden T20I half-century! He's been a monster on the T20 franchise circuit but rarely suited up for West Indies in the format to be able to rack up the stats.;
18.3;?;Starc to Russell, no run bouncer over leg stump, Russell is beaten hooking.;
18.2;2;Starc to Russell, 2 runs nearly a highlight reel relay catch from Christian toward Agar! Attempted yorker flicked out high toward wide long-on. Christian ranges 20 yards right and dives to clasp on but recognizes he's about to slide into the rope on the landing and flicks it out toward Agar who was coming left from deep extra cover but Agar was slow reacting, maybe admiring the initial catching effort by Christian and can't claim the relay. It becomes two.;
18.1;1;Starc to Allen, 1 run yorker on the stumps, dug out into midwicket.;
17.6;?;Christian to Russell, no run short ball on the stumps, Russell flails hard but is beaten by the extra bounce.;
17.6;1w;Christian to Russell, 1 wide spears this behind the legs from around the stumps, yorker length is good but the line is awry so he'll have to do it again.;
17.5;4;Christian to Russell, FOUR runs horrendous fielding on the long-on/long-off rope turns two into four. Hazlewood and Philippe the culprits. Excellent yorker bowled from wide outside the crease around the stumps by Christian, Russell jams it out straight down the ground. Both fielders converged on the rope but no communication and wanting to avoid a collision, neither dives to keep the ball in and it goes between them to the rope.;
17.4;?;Christian to Russell, no run angles a good length ball across the body on sixth stump, Russell swings hard for the leg side but is beaten.;
17.3;1;Christian to Allen, 1 run slower ball lands on a good length at 107 kph, slapped gently through square leg for one.;
17.2;1;Christian to Russell, 1 run another slower ball on fourth stump on a good length, guided gently into the off side for another single.;
17.1;1;Christian to Allen, 1 run slower ball lands full on off at 106 kph, Allen checks this into the covers to get Russell back on strike.;
16.6;?;Starc to Russell, no run slower ball as he misfires another attempted yorker, but Russell howls after swinging wildly over a knee high full toss on seventh stump. His eyes lit up smelling another six but forgot to bite.;
16.5;1;Starc to Allen, 1 run yorker on fifth stump, edges this again straight to Zampa once more on the third man rope and he fields this without any drama for a single.;
16.4;2;Starc to Allen, 2 runs full on fifth stump at 143 kph, drives hard at this and gets a thick edge fine past the keeper, Zampa at deep third man with a great effort to slide and slap this back in with his left hand before relaying in to turn a four into two.;
16.3;1;Starc to Russell, 1 run another attempted wide yorker at 145 kph, Starc misses the length again getting it not full enough but Russell miscues it this time into the covers.;
16.2;6;Starc to Russell, SIX runs Starc goes for wide yorker again at full pace registering 142 kph, and pitches it this time too but is in the slot with another miscued length and Russell scoops this over long-off on this occasion for another six.;
16.1;6;Starc to Russell, SIX runs attempted slower ball wide yorker is a low full toss on seventh stump at 123 kph, Russell seizes on the miscued length that becomes a shin high full toss and muscles this with his forearms over long-on for a maximum.;
15.6;W;Marsh to Hetmyer, OUT Marsh is able to make use of the extra legal ball in the over! Good length ball on fifth stump, Hetmyer tries to cut but can't make enough room for himself to get the width he needed and instead slices it off a thick edge that carries low to Starc on the ring at short third man, who lunges forward and to his left to pouch this at shin height.;Shimron Hetmyer c Starc b Marsh 20 (51m 25b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
15.6;1w;Marsh to Hetmyer, 1 wide Marsh can't blame the umpire for this one. Full and very very wide, almost off the pitch and way beyond Hetmyer's attempted drive.;
15.6;1w;Marsh to Hetmyer, 1 wide fullish length on seventh stump, Hetmyer swings over the top of it. Umpire signals a very harsh wide. Looked like it passed well inside the guideline and replays confirm as much. Hetmyer just played a poor shot and the umpire has penalized Marsh for it.;
15.5;?;Marsh to Hetmyer, no run good length on fifth stump at 124 kph, Hetmyer through the shot a touch early heaving for the leg side and fans on it.;
15.4;1;Marsh to Russell, 1 run fuller length this time on leg stump at 124 kph, Russell again pretends to back away and then stands firm to flick this behind square.;
15.3;4;Marsh to Russell, FOUR runs short ball on the legs, Russell shaped to back away at first then shuffled across the stumps to get inside the line and short arm jab pull this over backward square, two bounces over the rope.;
15.2;1;Marsh to Hetmyer, 1 run cutter at 126 kph lands on a fullish length on sixth stump and slapped with an open face through cover to the sweeper.;
15.1;1lb;Marsh to Russell, 1 leg bye speared in full outside leg stump following Russell backing away from the stumps, can't flick this away and it clips the pads for an extra behind square.;
14.6;1;Agar to Russell, 1 run spears this in flat and full on leg stump, Russell stands pat and flicks this behind square leg for a single. Agar won't mind that after the previous two balls.;
14.5;6;Agar to Russell, SIX runs Agar tries to drag it wider on seventh stump, but Russell activates Stretch Armstrong Mode to reach this and clobber it flat and powerfully over wide long-on. That replacement ball may be in need of medical treatment after clanging off the facade of the grandstand ramp.;
14.4;6;Agar to Russell, SIX runs follows up a big ugly with a magnificent beauty over the roof at square leg! A bit more room to free his arms as this one is speared in on fifth stump, Russell gets on a knee to slog sweep this high and deep and out of the ground.;
14.3;1;Agar to Hetmyer, 1 run good length ball stroked through the ring for one.;
14.2;1lb;Agar to Russell, 1 leg bye full on middle and leg, about the ugliest shot of Russell's career. He had no idea what to do with that ball and kind of one-hand flicks at the ball missing badly, big lbw shout denied as the ball goes into the leg side off his pads for an extra.;
14.1;1;Agar to Hetmyer, 1 run good length ball on middle, goes back to punch through the off side.;

Agar returns around the stumps to Hetmyer from the Media End.
 Innings Start
10:44 pm An 18-run margin makes this match look far easier for the West Indies than it was in reality. Australia dominated the first 10 overs of both innings but an inconceivable collapse in the chase will give them plenty to reflect on. Andre Russell gave West Indies hope with his 51 off 28 balls, a maiden T20I fifty too, to resuscitate the West Indies innings after Australia had the host lineup pinned down early. It was a carbon copy scenario in the second innings as Australia smothered the West Indies bowlers before a startling collapse from 89 for 3 to 127 all out. They were 117 for 5 and lost their last five wickets for 10 runs too. Hayden Walsh Jr takes career-best figures of 3 for 23 to spearhead the West Indies heroics in the field before Obed McCoy wiped out the tail with his 4 for 26 to finish things off.
McCoy is Player of the Match: "It feels great. I've been working really hard. It was just all about execution and sticking to the team plan. Normally on that surface the ball has nice bounce and carry but I was just trying to mix up my pace as much as I can. I noticed the spinners were getting a bit of turn so I thought my slower balls would grip. We were confident and knew we had the bowling to back it and just knew we had to go out and fight hard."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "I thought our bowlers did a fantastic job particularly in the Powerplay. Anytime you lose 6 for 19, you're gonna struggle to win a T20 game. So we just needed somebody to take it upon themselves and get right through to the end. I think we needed under 4 an over for the majority of that last bit, so very disappointing. After the position that Marsh and Wade got us into, just a bit of game smarts would have got us over the line there but sort of panicked a little bit. We've been working on trying to be a little more aggressive in the middle overs but maybe just need to rein it in today and have some more smarts. I thought the wicket played a little better batting second. There's no excuses for our batting display there. You've got to dust yourselves off and come again with the same attitude but just execute a little bit better under pressure."
Stand-in West Indies captain Nicholas Pooran: "What a game. First game as captain, wasn't expecting this. Losing the series against South Africa, we knew we had to come back out here and do the right things. We didn't get as much as we wanted, 145, but all we asked was for a challenging total. We asked the guys for energy and that's what they brought. I can't give the bowlers enough credit. They came out firing the Australians and we knew we needed wickets to win the game. We wanted them to attack those stumps, keep asking questions and Obed McCoy came and won the game for us."
Hayden Walsh Jr is being interviewed now: "Personally it's a sigh of relief. I've been preparing for a long while. After my mishap in Bangladesh where I tested positive for Covid, I didn't really have a good Super50 and I'm really happy that I'm just back. I would put this performance up there, probably one or two. To come in when the pressure is on and Australia could have walked the game at that point, I really enjoyed changing the game there. In the team meetings we talked about the huge wind factor. After practicing and reading the conditions, I wanted to stay around middle stump. I'm pretty happy. I got wickets. I just really enjoyed just reading the conditions and reading the situation of the game."
Lakshmi: "Walsh Jr deserves MoM than O.McCoy i reckon, as Walsh got rid of proper batsman. Neverthless, well done McCoy and WI..!!"
Sarat: "Not able to sustain for 20 overs is a crime..!! Bundling out in 16overs is horrific"
If you're out of breath from that finish, there's very little time to recover before these sides take the field again! They'll be back at it in St Lucia less than 24 hours from now for the second T20I of the five-match series. I'll be back with Andrew McGlashan for the ball-by-ball call. Until then, I'm Peter Della Penna. Take care!
15.6;W;McCoy to Hazlewood, OUT that's it! In the channel on fourth stump, tame prod away from the body and a simple edge behind gleefully taken by Pooran at chest height! Australia complete a stunning collapse, West Indies complete a stunning fightback to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat with an 18-run win!;Josh Hazlewood c ?Pooran b McCoy 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
15.5;1;McCoy to Zampa, 1 run full on the stumps, chips this through midwicket for one.;
15.4;W;McCoy to Starc, OUT what a catch by Allen running to his right from cow corner! Another slower ball, another one bites the dust. It landed full on off stump and Starc went for a big heave but miscued it off the inner half of the bat. It floated high in the air between Allen at cow corner and Walsh Jr at long-on, the two speediest and best catching fielders in the West Indies team. Their speed to the ball nearly results in a catastrophic collision as both were going pedal to the medal for the chance but Walsh Jr sees Allen out of the corner of his eye and pulls out as Allen continues with his diving effort to hold onto the chance five yards inside the rope.;Mitchell Starc c Allen b McCoy 3 (12m 8b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
15.3;?;McCoy to Starc, no run slower ball cutter knuckles away from sixth stump on a good length as Starc fans on another shot.;
15.2;?;McCoy to Starc, no run fullish length slower ball on off stump, defended on the front foot back to McCoy.;
15.1;?;McCoy to Starc, no run slower ball lands on a good length on sixth stump, Starc flails at this flat-footed and in vain.;
14.6;?;Walsh to Zampa, no run good length ball on off, goes back to defend.;
14.5;1;Walsh to Starc, 1 run good length ball on fifth stump, goes back to slap wide of cover for one.;
14.4;?;Walsh to Starc, no run good length ball on fifth stump slapped into the off side.;
14.3;W;Walsh to Christian, OUT Walsh Jr is flipping this match the West Indies way! That could be the wicket that does it for the hosts! Christian charges a fullish length ball on fourth stump but doesn't quite get to the pitch and miscues a drive toward long-on. Doesn't get the elevation he intended and the ball sails flat to Bravo, who charges 10 yards left and 5 yards in from the rope to claim a solid catch at knee height reaching forward.;Dan Christian c Bravo b Walsh 10 (21m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
14.2;?;Walsh to Christian, no run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back to cut and scuffs this back into the ground.;
14.2;1w;Walsh to Christian, 1 wide darts this in flatter and fuller down leg, Christian is late on a sweep but wide called.;
14.1;1;Walsh to Starc, 1 run loopy low full toss on the legs stroked calmly to long-on along the turf.;

Walsh Jr to bowl his last now. Over the stumps to Starc with a slip in place.
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
1st T20I (N), Gros Islet, Jul 9 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
145/6
127
Player of the match is Obed McCoy, WI
West Indies won by 18 runs
