Data
Eighty-eight all out. By Junkers, that's a collapse and a half. Pakistan required barely a session to skittle the Aussies, and my goodness, if they can't win their first match against them for 15 years from this position, when will they ever?
That is, incidentally, the lowest score by a team electing to bat first since 1957, and their seventh-lowest first-innings total of all time ... and their lowest for more than 50 years.
"And the sun's coming out," notes Brydon. "Perfect timing for Pakistan..."
33.1;W;Mohammad Asif to Paine, OUT and that, as they say, is that! A regulation outswinger, a loose leaning waft of a cut, a thin snick, and Kamran Akmal wraps up an outstanding effort from Pakistan by claiming the decisive catch;Tim Paine c ?Kamran Akmal b Mohammad Asif 17 (83m 47b 2x4 0x6) SR: 36.17;
32.6;2;Umar Gul to Bollinger, 2 runs that's much more convincing! A hint of width, and a firm clunk of willow as Bollinger picks the gap at extra cover;
32.5;?;Umar Gul to Bollinger, no run outside off, seaming back in, Dougie's first stroke is... umm ... unconvincing;
32.4;W;Umar Gul to Paine, 2 runs, OUT another one bites the dust, and what a way to go! Paine chopped down to third man, and sized up a tight third run, but a sliding stop and a fine flat throw came in from Umar Amin in the deep, and though Kamran Akmal had to gather high to remove the bails, he did so with Hilfenhaus's bat still short of the crease!;Ben Hilfenhaus run out (Umar Amin/?Kamran Akmal) 3 (36m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.75;
32.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run much better length and a tighter line. Kamran appeals as the ball ghosts past the edge, but no-one joins him;
32.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run a loose waft to another outswinger. Too wide to be playing at really, and Paine knows it;
32.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run outside off and swinging away. No contact there;
31.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run down the leg-side, clips the pads, Kamran tidies up;
31.5;1;Mohammad Asif to Paine, 1 run hangs back in the crease this time, and plops a defensive push to cover;
31.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run there's no playing that! Shaping down the leg-side as Paine charges down the track, but zipping past the gloves and through to the keeper;
31.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run outside off, too wide to tempt a stroke, but lots and lots of swing to keep the batsmen nervous;
31.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run outside off, big swing through the air, no stroke offered;
31.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run and he nearly snakes it through first ball! Mischievous late movement on a tight off-stump line, and Paine chops down on the ball late;
30.6;?;Umar Gul to Hilfenhaus, no run half-forward into a leaning defence. Another over survived;
30.5;?;Umar Gul to Hilfenhaus, no run bouncer. Negotiated easily enough, with a half-crouch;
30.4;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run dabbed defence into the covers, and a quick single ensues;
30.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run deflected defence out to midwicket;
30.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run blocked out to cover;
30.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run defended on the back foot, straight back down the wicket;
29.6;2;Amir to Hilfenhaus, 2 runs good delivery, shaping back in towards middle stump, but met with a sturdy full face;
29.5;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run fizzing through to the keeper with a Wasim-esque whirl of the arms. The comparisons are not overstated;
29.4;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run banged in short, and well directed. Hilfenhaus gloves an attempted pull to short leg. Keeps it down well;
29.3;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run more outswing,no stroke;
29.2;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run more outswing, but starting on a wider line, and no stroke offered;
29.1;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run zippy outswing, touch that if you dare! Hilfenhaus does not;
28.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run a back-foot drive, good-looking shot, but can't pierce the covers;
28.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run good-length outswinger, defended with utter caution;
28.4;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run wicket-to-wicket. Defended on off stump with a full face of the bat;
28.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run on the pads, deflected out to midwicket;
28.3;1nb;Umar Gul to Paine, (no ball) banged in short, Paine swings into a pull but doesn't make contact, as Gul's no-ball plague returns;
28.2;4;Umar Gul to Paine, FOUR runs cut, and cut hard. Poor ball, excellent shot. Short and wide, and swinging away. Paine doesn't miss out;
28.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run short again, but arrow straight. Deflected out to square leg;
27.6;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run outside off, poked out to point. Another threatening over ticks by;
27.5;1;Amir to Paine, 1 run big stride forward, punched into the covers;
27.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run dabbed down into the gully with an open face. Watchful batting;
27.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run good judgment, as Paine shoulders arms to one that zips over the top of middle;
27.2;1;Amir to Hilfenhaus, 1 run zoinks. That was close! Fast and furious, wonderful seam position as a full-length delivery zeroed in on off stump. A lucky inside-edge gets Hilfenhaus off strike;
27.1;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run that's a horrid stroke, but what can you do? On leg stump, swinging back in, and Hilfenhaus has a wild mow. Akmal makes good ground to gather. He's kept well today;
26.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run too short to snag the edge, although there's more extravagant movement off the seam. Australia are in a battle, and no mistake;
26.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run outside off, back of a length, Paine is drawn down to meet the ball, but it bursts off the seam and zips past the edge. Every ball is a hand-grenade!;
26.4;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run lovely delivery, a full-length outswinger, defended back down the wicket;
26.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run back of a length, leaping towards the splice, but defended watchfully from deep in the crease;
26.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run outside off, no stroke this time;
26.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run a short-arm jab through midwicket. Uneasy stroke, but reasonably effective in the circumstances;
25.6;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run back of a length, cracking the pad once again, half an appeal from Aamer, but more in excitement than expectation.;
25.5;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run cracked on the pads by one that nips the other way. Australia haven't put bat to ball once in this over;
25.4;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run poking nervously from the crease, but again that beats the edge. Feisty bowling!;
25.3;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run ooh... so close! Fizzing past the outside edge of the right-handed Hilfenhaus, but just eludes the edge ...;
25.2;W;Amir to Johnson, OUT Oh. My. Goodness. What a beauty from Aamer, that was unplayable, full on middle and off and it shaped away and took off stump. Aamer is on a hat-trick!;Mitchell Johnson b Mohammad Amir 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
25.1;W;Amir to Smith, OUT Done him first ball! That's a beauty from Aamer, snaking back through bat and ball to smash into middle stump! Smith was angling through midwicket but the ball simply wasn't there;Steven Smith b Mohammad Amir 10 (9m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 125;
24.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run full and nudged to leg in defence;
24.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run that has turned quite sharply! Kaneria floats the ball up much fuller, Paine lunges forward to defend but is beaten by the turn;
24.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run a touch of turn for Kaneria, and Paine stretches forward to smother it into the leg side;
24.3;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run just a touch too short, and Smith taps towards mid-on, who was deep after that last shot;
24.2;4;Danish Kaneria to Smith, FOUR runs Smith is fighting back here, and you wouldn't think this is the last over before lunch! This time he skips down the track and whips wristily through mid-on;
24.1;4;Danish Kaneria to Smith, FOUR runs well, that's interesting! Smith bends down into a premeditated sweep to smash the ball through square leg!;
23.6;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run solid defensive push to cover, and Smith calls Paine through to get off the mark with a scrambled single;
23.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run slippery yorker! Well dug out by Smith;
23.4;?;Amir to Smith, no run Smith in trouble first ball! Aamer is finding really sharp movement back in here, and Smith is saved by an inside edge as the ball cannons into his back pad. What a spell. That could have had him bowled or lbw, if not for that thin edge;
23.3;1;Amir to Paine, 1 run more swing from Aamer, this time he sends the ball down much fuller and has Paine nervously nudging through midwicket;
23.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run brave leave! And a great delivery too, as Aamer lands one just short of a length and finds massive movement back in to the right-hander. That shot over the top of middle;
23.1;2;Amir to Paine, 2 runs hooping back in to the right-hander, who watches the ball very carefully and flicks down to fine leg;
22.6;?;Umar Amin to Smith, no run and he follows that up by spearing the ball well down the leg side! Again some smart work from Kamran behind the stumps, who had to change direction and leap across to leg to make a tumbling save there;
22.5;W;Umar Amin to North, OUT Amin strikes! North falls! Kamran holds a catch! Amin picks up his first Test wicket as he lands one on a length around off stump. North could have left that, but he pushed forward in defence and had to reach for the ball. A healthy edge, and Kamran takes a good catch diving to his left. North is utterly disconsolate as he trudges off. Kamran and Amin are over the moon!;Marcus North c ?Kamran Akmal b Umar Amin 16 (44m 33b 2x4 0x6) SR: 48.48;
22.4;?;Umar Amin to North, no run on a length, outside off and North pulls the bat out of the way to leave;
22.3;?;Umar Amin to North, no run full again and well wide of off stump, North taps to cover;
22.2;?;Umar Amin to North, no run much fuller on off stump, North presses forward to defend;
22.1;4;Umar Amin to North, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, a real gift to North and he accepts it gleefully, scything a cut through backward point for a pressure-relieving boundary;
21.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run full and moving away from the right-hander off the seam, Paine defends watchfully back down the track;
21.5;1;Amir to North, 1 run edgy looking drive from North, the ball rolls to point where the Butt fumbles and the batsmen seize the opportunity for a quick single. That was a very tight run actually, Butt's throw may well have caught North short if it had been on target;
21.4;?;Amir to North, no run tempting full ball outside off, and North is drawn forward into the drive, only to be easily beaten on the outside edge. Great bowling;
21.3;?;Amir to North, no run more movement away, but this time it's pitched well wide of off and North leaves;
21.2;?;Amir to North, no run swerving away through the air this time, the ball swings appreciably to beat North's tentative crease-bound prod;
21.1;?;Amir to North, no run Aamer is a different proposition altogether to Amin's medium-pace, as he finds a perfect length on off stump and has North defending awkwardly and only half-forward;
20.6;1;Umar Amin to North, 1 run Amin pulls the length back on off stump and North chops to point;
20.5;?;Umar Amin to North, no run pushed full and very wide of off stump, North throws the bat into a drive and is beaten on the outside edge. Loose shot there, rather than great bowling!;
20.4;?;Umar Amin to North, no run full on off stump, North defends back down the track;
20.3;1;Umar Amin to Paine, 1 run gently floated up on leg stump, Paine nudges it round the corner to fine leg;
20.2;1;Umar Amin to North, 1 run short and wide outside off, North cracks a cut out to deep cover point;
20.1;?;Umar Amin to North, no run well he's definitely bowling nothing more than medium pace here, but he finds some movement through the air first ball. North watches the ball closely as he leaves alone;
19.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run and there's the variation, as Aamer gets one to go straight on after pitching. But Paine survives, getting back and across and dropping the ball defensively towards gully;
19.5;?;Amir to Paine, no run appeal from Aamer! But that was more inspired by the quality of the ball than the legitimacy of the lbw shout. Perfect seam position from the bowler and he gets the ball to curve in sharply, but it strikes Paine high on the front pad and was also heading down the leg side;
19.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run some wobble back in on this one, but Paine is very watchful and pushes defensively to leg;
19.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run full and straight, this one doesn't swing nearly as much and is defended back down the track;
19.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run well, this is going to be a real test for Paine. Aamer again finds considerable swing back in to the right-hander through the air to strike him on the pad as he tries to flick through leg.;
19.1;?;Amir to Paine, no run good start, landing the ball just short of a good length and he finds some movement through the air and off the pitch straight away as Paine nudges awkwardly to leg;
18.6;?;Umar Gul to North, no run what a leave! That's very brave indeed from North, who raises his bat to leave and must have had his heart in his mouth as the ball nipped just over middle and off. I think we can put that down to a misjudgement as the ball was quite full and straight...;
18.5;2;Umar Gul to North, 2 runs full and swinging, but that's slipped out as a leg-stump half-volley and is easily flicked down to fine leg;
18.4;?;Umar Gul to North, no run full on middle and off, North drives to the on side but not all that convincingly. The ball takes the inner half of the bat and rolls to midwicket;
18.3;?;Umar Gul to North, no run pushed slightly wider, North raises the bat high out of the way to leave;
18.2;?;Umar Gul to North, no run much fuller this time, but right on that off stump line again and this time North is drawn forward in defence;
18.1;?;Umar Gul to North, no run back-of-a-length on off stump, North stands tall and pushes defensively towards point;
17.6;4;Mohammad Asif to Paine, FOUR runs played with soft hands by Paine. The ball was hooping away once again, but this time landed on off stump as he pushed forward to defend. It struck the outer half of the bat, but he managed to angle it down and play with soft hands to work the ball through gully;
17.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run full, but wide of off stump and swinging further away. Paine is quite happy to leave;
17.4;1;Mohammad Asif to North, 1 run slipping down towards leg stump, North nudges to short fine leg;
17.3;4;Mohammad Asif to North, FOUR runs that's a much better way to play the full, straight swinging delivery. North drives straight instead of trying to work to leg and times the shot perfectly to pick up four runs past the bowler;
17.2;?;Mohammad Asif to North, no run oofh, testing ball from Asif. Full and straight, shaping back in this time, and North plays across the front pad as he tucks to leg. If he misses that, he's plumb;
17.1;?;Mohammad Asif to North, no run full, wobbling away and North raises his bat up and out of the way to leave;
16.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run full, just outside off and Paine presses forward to defend his first ball;
16.5;W;Umar Gul to Hussey, OUT Hussey goes! Gul strikes! He fired the ball full and straight, snaking it back into the batsman to strike him on the pad. Rudi's slow finger of death begins to rise, and Hussey's got to go. He's unlucky there, replays suggest the ball may have missed leg stump. But look at this, Australia are 41 for 5!;Michael Hussey lbw b Umar Gul 5 (24m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 38.46;
16.4;1;Umar Gul to North, 1 run Gul goes full, not quite the yorker but North jammed the bat down to make sure he kept it out. The ball squirted off the inside edge and down to fine leg, but no major alarm;
16.3;?;Umar Gul to North, no run on a length again, but just wide enough for North to leave alone once again;
16.2;?;Umar Gul to North, no run great ball! Gul pulls the line back towards off stump, landing the ball in the channel and finding some movement away to beat North's tentative prod;
16.1;?;Umar Gul to North, no run full and pitching outside off stump, North leaves extravagantly;
15.6;4;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, FOUR runs Asif pitches the ball right up and finds decent movement through the air, but the swing takes the ball towards leg stump and Hussey flicks the half-volley infront of square on the leg side;
15.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run testing stuff from Asif, who lands the ball on a length on off stump and extracts life from the pitch to have Hussey defending hurriedly;
15.4;1lb;Mohammad Asif to North, 1 leg bye huge appeal for lbw! Asif bends one back into the batsman's pads, but that's actually moved too much and also would've bounced over leg stump. Not given, and that's a good decision;
15.3;1;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, 1 run good running from the batsmen as Hussey punches the ball defensively into the gap at cover and calls immediately for a quick single;
15.2;1;Mohammad Asif to North, 1 run full again, but straight this time and North clips to midwicket to get off the mark;
15.1;?;Mohammad Asif to North, no run beaten driving airily outside off! Asif floated one temptingly full and wide of off and North just swished at it.;
14.6;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run much better line and length to finish the over. Gul pushes one full and straight and Hussey defends back down the track;
14.5;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run left on length by Hussey, and he's worn this one on the thigh as the ball seamed back in to him after pitching;
14.4;4lb;Umar Gul to Hussey, 4 leg byes now that's too straight, Gul spears one down on a leg stump line and the ball rebounds off Hussey's thigh pad and down to the fine leg boundary;
14.3;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run sharp movement off the seam away from the left-hander, but not straight enough from Gul and again Hussey shoulders arms;
14.2;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run Gul gets this one to come back in a touch after pitching, but it lands wide of off and Hussey leaves once again. The length also took the ball well over the stumps;
14.1;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run on a length and pushed across Hussey, who can leave the ball easily on the angle;
13.6;?;Mohammad Asif to North, no run full on off stump, shaping back in to North who tucks the ball neatly to mid-on;
13.5;W;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, OUT gone! Again Ponting thrusts the left leg forward and swishes across the pad at a ball nipping back in to him. He's struck infront of middle and leg, huge appeal from bowler and fielders and that's out! A remarkable exhibition of the control of seam and swing from Asif, and Australia are in all sorts of trouble now;Ricky Ponting lbw b Mohammad Asif 6 (40m 21b 0x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
13.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run Ponting lunges forward to defend another full ball to cover;
13.3;2;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, 2 runs Ponting is squared up again! This is turning out to be a great spell from Asif, who pushes the ball fuller and closer to off stump and gets the batsman into a bit of a tangle driving. Some sloppy fielding in the covers allows them back for two;
13.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run this shapes away as well, but is pitched well wide of off and Ponting is quite happy to leave alone;
13.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run what a ball! Unplayable. It landed on a length on off stump and jagged away off the seam sharply. Ponting is well beaten shaping to play the ball to leg on the walk. A belated appeal, but more for the quality of the delivery as he missed it completely!;
12.6;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run on leg stump, takes the pad backward of square and short leg cuts off the single;
12.5;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run back of a length outside off and Hussey doesn't play again;
12.4;?;Umar Gul to Hussey, no run good line outside off and well left;
12.3;W;Umar Gul to Clarke, OUT gone! Australia all over the shop as Clarke is cleaned up. Was the perfect full length and he drove all around it having played two wild shots previously. Gul has pitched the ball up and got rewards;Michael Clarke b Umar Gul 3 (23m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 15;
12.2;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run another loose shot, this time as he tries to cut but without any conviction and he needs tighten up here;
12.1;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run that's an awful shot from Clarke, a flat-footed whoosh (it's a technical term) outside off and he's fortunate not to edge it;
11.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run defends square on the off side;
11.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run full on off stump, Ponting plays across the ball a fraction as he drives to mid-off;
11.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run well wide this time, Asif just trying to force it a little and it swings through to Akmal;
11.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run too short and wide this time and it's easy to leave alone;
11.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run that's a good, full length which brings a drive from Ponting...it went quickly to mid-off, but the bowler shouldn't mind him playing that shot in these conditions;
11.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run good line outside off, shapes away from Ponting as he lets it go;
10.6;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run outside off and left alone;
10.5;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run good ball on middle and off, that seemed to stay down a little as Clarke defended from the crease;
10.4;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run outside off and shapes away this time as Clarke leaves;
10.3;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run plenty of movement, back of a length and jags into Clarke who is taken high on the leg;
10.2;3;Umar Gul to Ponting, 3 runs that's a waste on this surface, dropped in short and Ponting pulls it over midwicket but not with quite enough power to reach the boundary;
10.1;?;Umar Gul to Ponting, no run good start outside off as this one shapes back into Ponting who defends to the off side;
9.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run full on off stump, drives off the thick outside half of the bat to point;
9.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run that's just too good for anyone...on a good length and moves late off the seam to beat the outside. Clarke would have been in the form of his life to nick that;
9.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run wider outside off and left alone;
9.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run beaten again! More late swing and this scoots past the edge as Clarke plays forward trying to drive;
9.2;1;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, 1 run loses his line a fraction and drifts towards leg stump which allows Ponting to open his account with a nudge through midwicket;
9.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run wow, what a cracking delivery as Ponting is beaten as he plays forward on the walk...this is a real test for Australia;
8.6;?;Amir to Clarke, no run big appeal, it looks close as Clarke plays forward but Rudi quickly shakes his head. Was there an edge? Replays suggests not and Clarke is a lucky man to survive. Very lucky;
8.5;?;Amir to Clarke, no run a little wider and it's an easier one to judge for Clarke;
8.4;?;Amir to Clarke, no run this is really impressive from Aamer, tight on off stump and Clarke is having to watch the ball like a hawk to know what to leave...he makes a good call here to shoulder arms;
8.3;?;Amir to Clarke, no run good bowling...Clarke shoulders arms again and is taken high on the back leg as this one jags back off the seam;
8.2;?;Amir to Clarke, no run good line going across Clarke...it's a good leave because it wasn't far from off stump and Aamer can bring the ball back at the right handers;
8.1;?;Amir to Clarke, no run on middle and defended down to mid-off;
7.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run another great nut outside off, moves away late from Ponting who is caught on the crease and he's well beaten;
7.5;3;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 3 runs that's the place, full on off stump and Clarke gets a thick inside edge through the leg side as goes to drive;
7.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run another appeal from Asif as this one nips back at Clarke and takes him high on the pads...there's also an inside edge involved, but things are starting to happen;
7.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run swing outside off but started too wide and it's an easy leave;
7.2;W;Mohammad Asif to Watson, OUT gone! Another falls. Game on. Asif gets his line and length right, full on off stump with a hint of shape back in, Watson misses his drive and is caught right in front. Ian Gould quickly raises the finger, but Watson isn't happy and takes a while to leave;Shane Watson lbw b Mohammad Asif 5 (34m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 26.31;
7.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run too wide outside off and left alone;
6.6;?;Amir to Ponting, no run drags the length back a little and Ponting raises the bat high out of the line;
6.5;?;Amir to Ponting, no run he needs the ball to swing back from that line outside off, but when it goes straight it's a comfortable leave;
6.4;?;Amir to Ponting, no run pushed across outside off and left alone;
6.3;?;Amir to Ponting, no run outside off, hint of shape back to the right hander as he leaves alone;
6.2;?;Amir to Ponting, no run starts with a typical front-foot lunge and there's a big appeal from Aaamer as this straightens and takes the pad...would have gone just over the middle stump;
6.1;W;Amir to Katich, OUT gone! A breakthrough for Pakistan and Katich plays for shuffling across the crease as he's caught on off stump with the ball angling towards middle and leg. A strength can often be a weakness and he'll always been danger if he misses the ball - he should have gone like that early at Lord's. Rudi raises his slow finger to send him on the way;Simon Katich lbw b Mohammad Amir 13 (27m 21b 2x4 0x6) SR: 61.9;
5.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run a beauty! on off stump and shapes away late past the outside edge...Pakistan need a few more of those;
5.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run makes him defend on middle and off into the on side;
5.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run adjusts to the right hander, but too much so as it's well wide of off stump and Watson leave alone;
5.3;1;Mohammad Asif to Katich, 1 run back on off stump and Katich comfortably works it into the leg side wide of mid-on;
5.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Katich, no run starts too straight and swings down the leg side...poor line;
5.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Katich, no run outside off and a well-judged leave...decent carry to Akmal;
4.6;1;Amir to Katich, 1 run back of a length at the body and Katich works it into the huge vacant areas on the leg side;
4.5;4;Amir to Katich, FOUR runs full outside off and a hint of swing finds a thick outside edge as Katich drives...flies in the air behind square on the off side and picks another gap;
4.4;?;Amir to Katich, no run that's a decent line even though Katich left it alone...drew him across the crease and it's better than being on his pads;
4.3;?;Amir to Katich, no run full outside off, Katich pushes on the move into the covers;
4.2;?;Amir to Katich, no run too wide and left alone;
4.1;?;Amir to Katich, no run that's a cracker outside off, lifts past the edge as Katich tries to draw the bat inside the line but he was clearly beaten;
3.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run pulled wider this time and Watson lets it go through;
3.5;4;Mohammad Asif to Watson, FOUR runs takes the edge, but Watson played it with soft hands and it finds the gap between third slip and gully down to third man;
3.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run on off stump and this time Watson locates the middle as he defends to mid-off;
3.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run oh, well bowled, beats Watson as he comes forward and Asif appeals because he heard something but it was bat hitting pad...lovely shape on that ball, though;
3.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run full on off stump and brings a drive from Watson which is well-fielded at point by Pakistan's new (latest) captain;
3.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run big appeal from Asif but this is too high as it nips back into Watson and takes him above the flap of the pad...missing the stumps by about a foot;
2.6;?;Amir to Katich, no run can't draw a shot to end the over and Katich berates himself as he leaves this one alone;
2.5;?;Amir to Katich, no run he's off fishing today...he didn't need to play at that but had a flat-footed waft outside off and he was lucky not to edge it to the keeper;
2.4;?;Amir to Katich, no run a touch wide and it allows Katich the freedom to leave it alone;
2.3;?;Amir to Katich, no run that's more like it, a cracker outside off that draws Katich into a loose drive and the ball zips away past the outside edge. Good carry to Akmal and no footwork from Katich;
2.2;?;Amir to Katich, no run dragged down wide outside and it swings away further...he couldn't have hit that if he tried;
2.1;4;Amir to Katich, FOUR runs nicely played, very full on the stumps and Katich whips it away through midwicket and despite all the rain it scoots over the outfield...Katich will play that shot all day;
1.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run solidly defended to mid-on...a fairly gentle start from Asif;
1.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run takes a stride across his crease and defends to midwicket...it's obvious to say, but he really doesn't want to miss those. He's right in front of all three.;
1.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run full outside off, not much movement yet for Asif and Watson happily watches this sail through;
1.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Watson, no run on middle stump, Watson plays slightly around his front pad as he defends to mid-on;
1.2;1lb;Mohammad Asif to Katich, 1 leg bye takes the thigh pad backward of square on the leg side...Pakistan still seem keen to target the leg-stump to Katich;
1.2;3nb;Mohammad Asif to Katich, (no ball) 2 runs full outside off, it's a no-ball, and Katich digs it out down the ground. Mid-off is fairly wide;
1.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Katich, no run a loosener outside off, not much sign of swing there as it's left alone by Katich;
0.6;1;Amir to Katich, 1 run uses his wrists and works this down to long leg so both batsmen are away;
0.5;?;Amir to Katich, no run good line on off stump, Katich gets his shuffle out straight away as he moves across the stumps and defends to the off side;
0.4;1;Amir to Watson, 1 run on the the stumps this time and worked past short leg to get Watson and Australia up and running;
0.3;?;Amir to Watson, no run that's much better, a beauty from Aamer which bends back from outside off and almost takes the woodwork as Watson shoulders arms;
0.2;?;Amir to Watson, no run even wider this time and he's lucky not to be called;
0.1;?;Amir to Watson, no run wide outside off, going across Watson and left alone;

Morning everyone...Rudi starts a Test for the last time with a wave of his hand. Mohammad Aamer with the new ball
Right, time to hand over to Andrew McGlashan for the opening gambit of the day.
10.27am A couple of minutes until the start. "I think Australia made a wise decision by batting first," says Yasser Ahsan. "They know that Pakistan's strength is bowling so they don't want to test it in last innings and they would have a chance even if Pakistan need 150 runs in last two days....So I think Salman Butt should correct himself by admitting that its not a good to lose a toss..."
10.25am Brydon Coverdale, our man in the north this week, is on crowd hunt: "Only a few hundred people in the ground at the moment - but I can still here a couple of bloody vuvuzelas."
That's a major disappointment for Yorkshire, who had high hopes of attracting the local Pakistani population. It's only eight quid for kids you know. For a slice of history, entertainment and education in the ways of proper cricket, that's a bargain. Drag the whole family down there at once!
10.20am There's one notable farewell already underway at Galle, where Murali is holding sway. And there is another happening this week in Leeds, where Rudi Koertzen bows out after 108 Tests as an umpire. That puts him second in the all-time list, behind Steve Bucknor, on 128.
10.15am The new media centre at Headingley is up and running, and an impressive sight it is too, even if the view it gives of the crumbling old Football Stand reinforces the feeling that this ground is an escapee from the 1970s. Still, one step at a time...
10.10am There was an utter downpour overnight in Leeds - two-and-a-half inches worth, apparently. The pitch is holding up despite that, but there are sizeable cracks on the wicket already, which doubtless played a part on Ponting's decision at the toss. Runs on the board could be invaluable as the game progresses, and the pitch deteriorates.
10.05am Waqar Younis, Pakistan's coach, has cast their post-Lord's problems in a phlegmatic light, as well he might. Chaos and controversy are never far away for this team, but they still have the wherewithal to put up a good fight - especially if Asif and Aamer hit their lengths this morning ...
Funnily enough, we discussed that pair in the Switch Hit podcast yesterday. Have a listen if you've nothing better to do ... Or, indeed, if you do have something better to do, but your ears are going spare.
10am Australia have won the toss and will bat. It's an overcast day, but Ricky Ponting is content to take first use of a firm looking wicket. "Sometimes it's a good toss to lose," says Pakistan's new captain, Salman Butt.
Australia have named an unchanged side from the one that won by 150 runs at Lord's.
Australia 1 Shane Watson, 2 Simon Katich, 3 Ricky Ponting, 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Mike Hussey, 6 Marcus North, 7 Tim Paine (wk), 8 Mitchell Johnson, 9 Steve Smith, 10 Ben Hilfenhaus, 11 Doug Bollinger.
9.55am Good morning cricket people, and welcome to Cricinfo's live ball-by-ball coverage of the second Test between Pakistan and Australia at Headingley. I'm Andrew Miller, and I'll be joined by Andrew McGlashan and Liam Brickhill during the course of the day.
Five minutes until the toss, and the weather is clear and dry in Leeds, and the early news is that Pakistan have named their team. As expected, Shoaib Malik comes in for the ex-skipper Shahid Afridi, but there's no place for the offspinner Saeed Ajmal, as Danish Kaneria keeps his place.
Pakistan 1 Salman Butt (capt), 2 Imran Farhat, 3 Azhar Ali, 4 Umar Akmal, 5 Umar Amin, 6 Shoaib Malik, 7 Kamran Akmal (wk), 8 Mohammad Aamer, 9 Umar Gul, 10 Danish Kaneria, 11 Mohammad Asif
For the Australians, our spotter on the ground, Brydon Coverdale, has seen Ben Hilfenhaus marking out his run-up, so he is likely to be fit after his shoulder problem.
 Innings Start
Useful little partnership for the final wicket there - in the end both teams will be fairly happy with how the Pakistan innings unfolded. Wickets are falling rapidly under the dank Headingley skies so Pakistan's 170 lead is plenty. That said, Australia know if they can build a lead of 100 in their second innings, it could be enough. Cracking Test so far, we're only midway through the second day and two innings are already completed.
With the best part of two sessions remaining today, could we see a repeat of this? Given how Pakistan bowled first-up, I wouldn't entirely rule it out ... ps ... how is that match a full ten years old already?
Gnasher is barely able to contain his excitement about the chance of a two-day Test and you can read his views on it all in his end-of-innings bulletin, which will be ready shortly.
64.5;W;Hilfenhaus to Mohammad Asif, OUT chaos! Who knows what is going on out there, not the Pakistan batmen that's for sure! It was full and a slower ball, Asif found a leading edge the looped agonisingly towards mid off, it landed short but Kaneria set off for a single, Asif sent him back but the throw came in and caught him short of the crease. While the umpire called for the TV replay to confirm, Pakistan took a single, but in the end it didn't count. Got it? Me neither. Phew! Pakistan 258 all out - 170 ahead.;Danish Kaneria run out (Smith) 15 (28m 18b 1x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
64.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Mohammad Asif, no run short again, Asif neatly tucks under it once more;
64.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Mohammad Asif, no run shoved in short from Hilfenhaus, and well directed, Asif ducks;
64.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Danish Kaneria, 1 run shorter ball from Hilfenhaus, Kaneria is on to a pull shot in a flash, not timing it at all, but still collects a single to deep square;
64.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Danish Kaneria, no run Kaneria, mixing himself up with Mark Waugh, aims a late-cut to a slower ball and misses;
63.6;?;Johnson to Mohammad Asif, no run big cheer as Asif plays a textbook forward block to finish the over;
63.5;1;Johnson to Danish Kaneria, 1 run Johnson has had enough and bangs it in short, Kaneria rises with it and pushed it with utter conviction to cover for a single;
63.4;2;Johnson to Danish Kaneria, 2 runs slower ball from Johnson but Kaneria is seeing footballs out there, flicks it over midwicket for two more;
63.3;4;Johnson to Danish Kaneria, FOUR runs four for Kaneria! Good cricket from him, this is pulled off a length, dragging it from outside off and sending it over midwicket for a boundary;
63.2;2;Johnson to Danish Kaneria, 2 runs that is the 250 up, good work by the final pair, Kaneria pushes a full ball through the covers well good enough timing for two;
63.1;?;Johnson to Danish Kaneria, no run good start from Johnson, pacey and on a length and line, Kaneria defends and it slides off the outer half of the bat to point;
62.6;4;Watson to Mohammad Asif, FOUR runs swipe and four! Asif has found a way to counter the dark arts of Shane Watson - a flat footed slog. Pitched on a length outside off, Asif pulled it over a leaping mid on for four;
62.5;1lb;Watson to Danish Kaneria, 1 leg bye good ball this from Watson, swinging into the right hander this time, it thuds off the thigh pad and runs away behind square for a leg bye;
62.4;3;Watson to Mohammad Asif, 3 runs Asif now into the act, fullish and swinging into the pads a gentle pace, Asif flicks through wicket, timed it fairly well and is rewarded with three;
62.3;1;Watson to Danish Kaneria, 1 run Kaneria is looking masterful out there, shades of Salim Malik and he flicks this off his pads down to long on. Quite why a long on is posted for Kaneria is beyond me;
62.2;?;Watson to Danish Kaneria, no run swing again for Watson, but it's outside off and Kaneria studiously leaves alone;
62.1;2;Watson to Danish Kaneria, 2 runs Kaneria this time with a leg-side flick, dished up full from Watson, Kaneria clipped it high towards deep midwicket for a couple;
61.6;2;Bollinger to Mohammad Asif, 2 runs finally Bollinger finds a line closer to the stumps, but it's whipped away round the corner for a couple;
61.5;?;Bollinger to Mohammad Asif, no run and again, back of a length, outside off stump, Asif leaves alone;
61.4;?;Bollinger to Mohammad Asif, no run this time Bollinger pulls back his length, but it's too far outside off to interest Asif;
61.3;?;Bollinger to Mohammad Asif, no run and again, full and straight, Asif has set himself up for it and happily digs it out again;
61.2;?;Bollinger to Mohammad Asif, no run fullish and straight, Bollinger finds a yorker, which makes sense, but Asif is up to it, jabbing to point;
61.1;1lb;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, 1 leg bye Bollinger still running in hard looking for his first wicket, and can't find it despite a big appeal, pitched outside leg, careered off the pads towards square leg for a single;
60.6;?;Watson to Mohammad Asif, no run well, Asif is batting below Kaneria and there must be a good reason for it, here he plays and misses outside off;
60.5;W;Watson to Malik, OUT Watson has six, Malik wanted to use the close-set field to find a boundary, so attempted an enormous mow across the line, didn't get much of it and ended up offering a looping top-edge that Paine comfortably held on to;Shoaib Malik c ?Paine b Watson 26 (80m 48b 3x4 0x6) SR: 54.16;
60.4;?;Watson to Malik, no run big effort ball from Watson, really bent his back to get up towards 80mph, Malik gives it due respect and blocks;
60.3;?;Watson to Malik, no run Malik was edging wide of leg stump but Watson's wily medium pacer was well pitched full and straight and defended;
60.2;4;Watson to Malik, FOUR runs crucial runs for Malik, crucial runs, a touch short and a touch wide from Watson, Malik picked the gap and third man and threaded it through for a welcome boundary;
60.1;2;Watson to Malik, 2 runs good cricket from Malik, and would have earned four if it weren't for a brilliant, inelegant sprawling stop by Bollinger on the fine leg boundary, Malik skipped down the wicket and flicked it fine;
59.6;?;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, no run smart cricket from Kaneria - and it's not often you say that about a Pakistan batsman, here he just defends a full ball calmly to see out the over;
59.5;?;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, no run outside off stump, Kaneria happy to leave alone;
59.4;?;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, no run Danish has found his range by the looks of things! This time he offers a full face, pushing it calmly to mid off, and then he wanders up the pitch to pat down a suspicious area. Looked very professional;
59.3;2;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, 2 runs Kaneria gets a couple here, flicking a full ball of his legs wide of a diving square leg fielder, in the air, but he collects two;
59.3;1nb;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, (no ball) no ball here from Bollinger but it was a swift one, short and climbing towards Kaneria's helmet, he threw his gloves up in front of his face and the ball whistled past;
59.2;?;Bollinger to Danish Kaneria, no run outside off stump, Kaneria plays a misses with all the composure of a No. 11 promoted up the order;
59.1;1;Bollinger to Malik, 1 run almost a mix up here as it was pushed to long off, the batsmen wanted to and were half-way through the second before Malik changed his mind and had to come back to the bowlers end, just in time;
58.6;W;Watson to Umar Gul, OUT Bowled him! Watson strikes again - five wickets for him! Sensational stuff, this is inspiration to every senior Sunday-league player, Watson is doing nothing more than bowling full and straight, Gul plays all around it as it gently swings in a fraction, catches the inside edge and cannons on to the off stump;Umar Gul b Watson 0 (6m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
58.5;?;Watson to Umar Gul, no run this is a touch misdirected from Watson, shoved down the leg side and Gul leaves alone;
58.4;?;Watson to Umar Gul, no run this is very easily negotiated from Gul, standing perfectly still and holding his bat in line to defend;
58.3;1;Watson to Malik, 1 run Watson drifts a fraction on to the legs, Malik clips it away towards midwicket with a minimum of fuss, and with the field set deep, they take a single;
58.2;?;Watson to Malik, no run draws a shot from Malik this time, very confidently pushed to cover;
58.1;?;Watson to Malik, no run well, Watson won't join Australia's last great fast-medium, instead it's dished up full outside off and left firmly alone;
57.6;?;Bollinger to Umar Gul, no run this time it's shorter, outside off stump and left alone;
57.5;?;Bollinger to Umar Gul, no run very neatly played by Gul, offering a full face to a full delivery and patting it tidily to point;
57.4;?;Bollinger to Umar Gul, no run misdirected by the bowler, swinging it a fraction but starting too far down the leg side;
57.3;?;Bollinger to Umar Gul, no run this time Bollinger has a big appeal but he won't get this, fullish and crashing into Gul's pads, but it pitched outside leg;
57.2;1;Bollinger to Malik, 1 run shortish again and defended towards the square leg region for a single;
57.1;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run shoved it short from Bollinger, defended by the batsman up on his toes;
56.6;W;Watson to Amir, OUT Watson on a hat-trick! Aamer gone first ball! Looks like a poor decision on replay but first up looked stone dead. Fullish as usual from Watson, swinging in and Aamer shouldered arms and watched in horror as the ball snaked back from outside off and crashed into his pads. Rudi gave him out quickly, it looked out, but replays show it didn't swing enough and would have missed off stump;Mohammad Amir lbw b Watson 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
56.5;W;Watson to Kamran, OUT Watson has done it again! So simple, it was fullish and swinging away, Kamran was rooted to the crease and aimed a nothing, open-faced defensive prod that went through gently, low to Marcus North at first slip;Kamran Akmal c North b Watson 15 (28m 22b 3x4 0x6) SR: 68.18;
56.4;?;Watson to Kamran, no run lovely delivery, full, swinging away, even seaming away, past the outside edge of Kamran;
56.3;?;Watson to Kamran, no run ugly cricket here, Watson again creaks up to the wicket, shoves it wide outside off, Kamran has a half-hearted flay and misses;
56.2;?;Watson to Kamran, no run much better from the bowler, that is what he's done well all series really, dob it up on a full length, find a touch of swing, Kamran defends;
56.1;4;Watson to Kamran, FOUR runs not a great start from Watson but imperious from Kamran, a touch short and wide, a real loosener from Watson who could barely drag himself up to the crease, Kamran stood tall and thrashed it through point for four;
55.6;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run full toss outside off, tapped to mid-off;
55.6;1nb;Bollinger to Malik, (no ball) full, angling across the right-hander who plays with soft hands to send the ball to gully. And that isn't quite lunch yet, as Bollinger has over-stepped yet again.;
55.5;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run Bollinger pulls the length back a touch, Malik hops back and across to defend;
55.4;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run closer to the stumps and full again, Malik presses forward to defend;
55.3;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run full, but wide of off and left alone. Good wheels on this delivery, it landed on a full length but really carried through to Paine, who took it above his head;
55.2;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run back of a length on off stump this time, Malik rises up to cover the bounce and plays down towards cover point. Kamran wants a run but he's quickly sent back;
55.1;1;Bollinger to Kamran, 1 run dinked into the gap at cover, and they steal a quick single;
54.6;?;Watson to Malik, no run on a length, outside off again and chopped to point;
54.5;?;Watson to Malik, no run good length from Watson, who once again finds some wobble away from the bat. Malik almost fishes at it, but pulls the bat inside the line just in time as the ball got to him;
54.4;?;Watson to Malik, no run punched hard to cover off the back foot, where Smith at extra cover pulls off an athletic diving stop;
54.3;?;Watson to Malik, no run Watson finds some movement away through the air, but the ball lands well wide of off stump and Malik wisely wants nothing to do with it;
54.2;?;Watson to Malik, no run fuller, straighter, and tipped the man close in at midwicket;
54.1;?;Watson to Malik, no run loosener to start, floated down gently on a length outside off and pushed to cover off the back foot. Watson really lumbered to the crease there;
53.6;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run dropped by Hussey at gully! The extra ball was full and wide, Kamran slashed an uppish drive straight into Hussey's midriff, but the ball just bobbled in and straight out, he hardly got a hand to it. Not great cricket all round there, from ball, bat and field!;
53.6;1nb;Bollinger to Kamran, (no ball) spicy ball from Bollinger, who bends his back to extract something extra from the pitch and strikes a painful blow on Kamran's inner thigh. But he's over-stepped once again, so another run in the extras column;
53.5;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run on a length on off stump, worked wristily to point;
53.4;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run very full on off stump to follow, drilled to mid-off;
53.3;4;Bollinger to Kamran, FOUR runs short, just outside off and Kamran gets up on his toes to carve through cover. Total confidence in the shot, and he slammed the ball well infront of square too. Great sound off the bat as he connected;
53.3;1nb;Bollinger to Kamran, (no ball) again Kamran plays with an angled bat, guiding the ball to backward point off the front foot this time. Bollinger has just overstepped as well, and is called for a no-ball;
53.2;2;Bollinger to Kamran, 2 runs angled down between backward point and gully for a couple;
53.1;1;Bollinger to Malik, 1 run just short of a good length on off stump, Malik chops the ball just behind point and is called through for a quick single;
52.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run rising delivery outside off, Kamran leans back into an expansive cut but is beaten on the top edge;
52.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run this one is aimed at middle and leg on the angle, but moves towards off stump and has Kamran slightly squared up as he drives on the up towards mid-off;
52.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run zoning in on off stump, drawing a forward defensive stroke from the batsman;
52.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run fuller this time, again Hilfenhaus finds appreciable movement away from the bat but Kamran is able to leave safely;
52.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run outside off, moving further away after pitching and left alone;
52.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run width offered outside off, Kamran keeps his weight back and thrashes the ball square, but point dives to his left and pulls off a really good stop. Great fielding, saved four runs;
51.6;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run on a length, outside off and left alone again. This time the ball gets to Paine on the bounce, and he does well to complete a clean take;
51.5;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run full again and very wide, Paine leaps to his right but it's so wide he can't quite get to it and can only parry the ball to gully;
51.4;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run on a length, pushed through outside off stump and Malik is quite happy to leave this one alone;
51.3;4;Bollinger to Malik, FOUR runs Bollinger is having a very erratic start to his day, as he dishes up a juicy leg-stump half-volley this time. Malik leans over the ball and clips in the air over square leg for another four;
51.2;4;Bollinger to Malik, FOUR runs over-pitched once again, this one was a half-volley and Malik wasn't going to miss out again. He bends into a smooth drive to send the ball rocketing to the cover point boundary;
51.1;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run not the greatest start, a gentle full toss outside off stump, but it's driven straight to point;
50.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run same again to finish the over, and Kamran raises his bat to leave;
50.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run similar length, slightly closer to the stumps this time and Kamran leaves alone;
50.4;4;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, FOUR runs well, Kamran's going to go after the bowling from the start. Hilfenhaus sends one down back-of-a-length and wide of off stump and Kamran hangs the bat out to guide it down past gully to third man. He's off the mark with a boundary;
50.3;W;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, OUT but now he's gone! Hilfenhaus sent down a well-directed bouncer, which Amin saw early and tried to duck underneath. But he left his bat poking straight up like a periscope, the ball struck the side of the bat and looped gently to square leg, and Amin's got to go. He was starting to look really good at the crease, and will be very disappointed at this dismissal;Umar Amin c North b Hilfenhaus 25 (78m 52b 4x4 0x6) SR: 48.07;
50.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, FOUR runs languidly driven by Amin, picking the gap at cover and timing the shot superbly as the ball evades the chasing fielders.;
50.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run on a length, width offered outside off but Amin forces the ball straight to point;
49.6;1;Johnson to Umar Amin, 1 run tapped to mid-on, where Khawaja, who is on as a substitute fielder, has a shy at the stumps as the batsmen scamper through for one;
49.5;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run fuller still, and straighter. Amin punches carefully to mid-on;
49.4;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run on a length on off stump, Amin stands at the crease to defend;
49.3;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run slung full and very wide by Johnson, who delivered this ball with a very low arm. Amin crouches into a drive but toe-ends to cover;
49.2;1;Johnson to Malik, 1 run short again, this time rising up into Malik's ribs. The batsman shuffles across to the off side and glances down to fine leg on the hop;
49.1;?;Johnson to Malik, no run bouncer from Johnson to start the over, well-directed but Malik bobs underneath it in good time;
48.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Malik, 1 run full and straight to finish the over, clipped into the leg side;
48.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run great line and length from Hilfenhaus, catching Malik neither forward nor back and beating the outside edge. Cries of anguish echo from the Australian slip cordon;
48.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run very full and straight once again, this time Malik tries to whip the ball much harder to leg, but again picks out the close midwicket fielder;
48.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run some shape away through the air for Hilfenhaus, Malik steps forward and drives hard back to the bowler;
48.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run fuller, and aimed straight at middle and off. Malik tucks to midwicket;
48.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run back of a length and well wide of the batsman, who watches the ball closely but plays no shot;
47.6;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run fired down the leg side again by Johnson;
47.5;3;Johnson to Malik, 3 runs drilled down the ground by Malik as Johnson pushes the ball very full once again. The ball slows up on the heavy outfield and is hauled in just before the rope;
47.4;?;Johnson to Malik, no run full, wide and angled across Malik, who raises his bat up to leave;
47.3;1;Johnson to Umar Amin, 1 run on a length, just outside off, and Amin hops back to drop the ball into space in the covers. They take a quick single;
47.2;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run speared down the leg side by Johnson, Amin can't get a touch on it;
47.1;4;Johnson to Umar Amin, FOUR runs cracking drive from Amin! That looked pretty classy, as Johnson over-pitched on off stump and Amin just leaned into a cover drive, striking the ball right underneath his eyes and away to the cover boundary;
46.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run full, wide and left alone once again;
46.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run fired full and wide, left well alone by Malik. Hilfenhaus seems far more comfortable bowling to right-handers, his action means he finds much better shape away from the bat on this line;
46.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, 1 run this one wobbles back in to the left-hander ever so slightly, but enough to take the inside half of the bat and ricochet between bat and body to square leg;
46.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run pitched up on off stump, driven hard but straight to mid-off;
46.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run similar ball, this time slightly closer to the off stump and Amin rocks back and punches to cover;
46.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run on a length, pitching wide of off and going further with the angle. No swing for anyone yet this morning;
45.6;?;Johnson to Malik, no run outside off and Malik defends to the covers;
45.5;1;Johnson to Umar Amin, 1 run wrong line, on leg stump and flicked in the air down to long leg...there's a man catching at leg gully but it was well wide of him;
45.4;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run short outside off and swings away further as Amim pulls his back inside the line and that was still on the rise as Paine took it;
45.3;3;Johnson to Malik, 3 runs that's a lovely shot, leans into a straight drive and sends it past the stumps down the ground...the outfield is slow so it pulls up before the rope;
45.2;?;Johnson to Malik, no run back of a length on middle and off, played back to the bowler;
45.1;?;Johnson to Malik, no run fuller outside off, Malik comes onto the front foot and defends to cover;
44.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, FOUR runs poor line on leg stump and it's flicked down to fine leg...the fielder is too square to cut it off so an untidy end to the over for Hilfenhaus;
44.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run pushed across the left hander outside off and left alone;
44.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run;
44.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run full on middle and off, pushed up to mid-on;
44.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run outside off and left alone;
44.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run worked from middle stump to midwicket;
43.6;?;Johnson to Malik, no run good ball, full on off stump and just a hint of shape as Malik defends into the off side;
43.5;?;Johnson to Malik, no run outside off and left alone;
43.4;W;Johnson to Umar Akmal, OUT gone! There's the breakthrough. A full length outside off draws Umar onto the front foot and the ball takes the outside edge through to the very tidy Tim Paine;Umar Akmal c ?Paine b Johnson 21 (29m 20b 1x4 1x6) SR: 105;
43.3;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run fuller this time and Umar is forward into a defensive shot;
43.2;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs worked from outside off through midwicket and Bollinger can't stop two as he runs around from mid-on;
43.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run well bowled, pushed across outside off and Umar feels for it without any footwork;
42.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run that's better as he locates middle and off and it's played into the covers;
42.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, 2 runs too straight and it allows Amim to tuck it through square leg;
42.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run back of a length and defended to the on side;
42.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run better line, closer to off side and Amin is in two minds before finally leaving alone;
42.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run adjusts his line but goes too wide outside off this time and left alone;
42.1;4;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, FOUR runs nice shot, on leg stump and flicked away through square leg with good timing...oh dear, Johnson tries to get his boot on the ball but can't manage to stop the boundary;
41.6;1lb;Johnson to Umar Amin, 1 leg bye short ball on leg stump, Amim tries to flick it round the corner but it takes the thigh pad towards long leg;
41.5;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run back and across, defended to the on side;
41.4;2;Johnson to Umar Amin, 2 runs that's the length, full on the stumps but Amin is able to force it away through midwicket;
41.3;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run back on off stump and Amin is very correctly behind the line defending to the off side;
41.2;?;Johnson to Umar Amin, no run doesn't adjust his line to the left hander and pushes this down the leg side;
41.1;1;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 1 run back of a length outside off, pushed solidly into the covers and there's an easy single;
40.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run loses his line down the leg side;
40.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run on off stump, Amin is across his crease and defends back to the bowler;
40.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run outside off, hint of movement and left alone;
40.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run full and wide outside off, a nice flowing square drive but he picks out point;
40.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run steady on off stump, played into the off side;
40.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Amin, no run back of a length, Amim back in his crease and defends;
39.6;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run what's this? Oh, it's a leave. How mundane from Umar.;
39.6;3nb;Johnson to Umar Akmal, (no ball) 2 runs oh my goodness, what's going on here...Umar has an almighty heave at this delivery which is full outside off, it was a no-ball but I'm not sure he'll have heard the call, and he skies it to cover. To cap it all there's nearly a run out. Blimey;
39.5;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run full outside off and there's no holding back from Umar as he drives powerfully to mid-off;
39.4;4;Johnson to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs oh, that's a proper shot...stands tall and cuts at the top of the bounce through backward point. That flew off the bat and already Pakistan are away;
39.3;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs full outside off and what follows is a shambles...Katich misfields in the covers then Umar Akmal slips in the crease as he tries to turn for a third;
39.2;2;Johnson to Umar Akmal, 2 runs closer to the batsman and he doesn't need much invitation to have a flash as he gets a thick outside edge that lands short of gully who manages to get a hand on it;
39.1;?;Johnson to Umar Akmal, no run a real wild start, slung way outside off stump and that isn't far from a wide...not a great way to begin;
38.6;?;Smith to Umar Amin, no run another full-toss, but he gets away with this one. Midwicket tidies up;
38.5;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run full toss on the hip, and whipped through square leg;
38.4;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run forward once again, and defended;
38.3;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run a comically diligent forward-defensive to follow up that blow;
38.2;6;Smith to Umar Akmal, SIX runs crikey, this chap doesn't hang around. One sighter, and then Akmal clears his front leg and slogs over long-off!;
38.1;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run good length to launch his spell, driven hard back to the bowler;
37.6;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run outside off and lifting. No stroke offered;
37.5;1;Watson to Umar Akmal, 1 run flicked urgently off the hip, and Akmal is up and running;
37.4;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run outside off, climbing and seaming, and well left alone;
37.3;?;Watson to Umar Akmal, no run good delivery to start his innings. Tight line on off stump, defended;
37.2;W;Watson to Azhar Ali, OUT Watson, the destroyer! Outside off, swinging late, Azhar pokes defensively, and Paine behind the stumps gathers supremely in one hand as he dives to his right! That is very timely indeed, especially with the light fading now;Azhar Ali c ?Paine b Watson 30 (77m 66b 3x4 0x6) SR: 45.45;
37.1;1;Watson to Umar Amin, 1 run finds the gap to rotate the strike;
36.6;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run worked into the leg-side, but doesn't beat the field;
36.5;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, no stroke this time;
36.4;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run crashing drive to a full-length outswinger, but cover scampers round to field;
36.3;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, and beaten by what might have been a slower ball. If it was, it beat me too. Didn't get up much either way;
36.2;2;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 2 runs driven on the up, but finds the gap in the covers. Not timed, but they all count;
36.1;2;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 2 runs clipped off the hip, to fine leg;
35.6;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run tidy but unthreatening;
35.5;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run driven firmly, but straight to short extra cover;
35.4;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run big stride forward, and smothered on off stump;
35.3;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run that's a bit ordinary. Two feet outside leg;
35.2;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run left alone outside off, no stroke offered;
35.1;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run blocked back up the pitch;
34.6;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run banged in short, but that's safely negotiated;
34.5;2;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 2 runs unconvincing, but effective. A thick outside-edge as Azhar drove at a tight wicket-to-wicket delivery. Backward point couldn't intercept but third man jogged round to tidy up;
34.4;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run punched drive to extra cover;
34.3;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, speared across the right-hander. No stroke offered;
34.2;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run up onto the toes to work a leg-stump delivery square.;
34.1;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, not remotely threatening. Ignored;
33.6;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run too much width outside off, no stroke there;
33.5;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run squared up by a good wicket-to-wicket delivery. But well enough played in the end;
33.4;?;Watson to Umar Amin, no run big stride, and a solid block;
33.3;W;Watson to Farhat, OUT full length, swinging back in, and that is totally plumb! Watto's golden arm does the trick, and how much did they need that breakthrough!;Imran Farhat lbw b Watson 43 (140m 84b 5x4 0x6) SR: 51.19;
33.2;?;Watson to Farhat, no run angled defence to short midwicket. Tight line;
33.1;?;Watson to Farhat, no run good length, gentle drift back into a back-foot defensive;
32.6;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run too wide to lure a stroke;
32.5;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run nothing doing there. Left alone;
32.4;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run drilled back at Bollinger's toes, and deflects out to mid-on;
32.3;2;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 2 runs right up to the bat, and punched smoothly through mid-off. Calm accumulation here;
32.2;1;Bollinger to Farhat, 1 run blocked out to point;
32.1;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run on off stump, defended with due diligence. Not the legal variety;
31.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run attempted yorker, easily dug out;
31.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 runs on the pads, nudged to fine leg;
31.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run ripper. That one bursts off the seam and eludes the edge again;
31.4;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, (no ball) bouncer. But too short;
31.3;2lb;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 leg byes on the pads again, the right-hander's pads this time. Australia are really struggling with their line;
31.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run deflected down to fine leg;
31.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 1 run better from Hilfenhaus, who finds some wobble on a full stump-attacking length. Squeezed into the covers;
30.6;4;Bollinger to Farhat, FOUR runs and so ends a curate's egg of an over. Mostly rotten, as a leg-stump half-volley is flicked on its way;
30.5;4b;Bollinger to Farhat, 4 byes a poor follow-up. A wild bouncer and Paine has to sprawl the other way this time. To no avail;
30.4;1;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 1 run good ball, a slippery yorker, but that is excellently dug out by Azhar who jabs down and steals a run through fine leg. Anything but bat and he was a goner;
30.3;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run too short, too wide. No threat of a shot that time;
30.2;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run that's a good nut, angling across the right-hander and straightening after pitching. Just misses the edge;
30.1;1;Bollinger to Farhat, 1 run punched into the covers, one more to the total;
30.1;1nb;Bollinger to Farhat, (no ball) another over-step, that won't amuse the skipper either;
29.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs too full this time, and angled gently through the slips. No third man, and an expensive end to the over;
29.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 runs more swing, Azhar has a dart, and doesn't quite middle it. Swept up on the extra cover boundary;
29.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run an attempted inswinger, but Azhar was alive to it, and defended well;
29.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run and again. Pitch it up a foot, and Hilfenhaus could be in business with that line;
29.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run once again, it looks impressive but Azhar doesn't get close to touching that;
29.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run sharp swing, but pitches a foot too short to snag the edge of the bat;
28.6;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run in the channel outside off stump. No stroke offered, and that's another over done and dusted;
28.5;2;Bollinger to Farhat, 2 runs whipped onto the leg-side, and straight enough to elude the clutches of mid-on;
28.4;1;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 1 run turned to midwicket with a closed face. One to the total, as Pakistan become the first team to reach three figures in this Test match;
28.3;4b;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 4 byes there's no cutting that off! Given as byes which won't please Paine, although his feet were caught in treacle as he dived in vain down the leg-side;
28.2;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run fenced out to gully with an angled bat. Good energy from Bollinger;
28.1;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run bustling delivery, defended on the back foot;
27.6;3;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 3 runs booming outswing, and Azhar is drawn into the stroke. Never in control as he slices through gully, but he gets away with it;
27.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery, attacking the stumps, and defended;
27.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, Azhar holds his bat inside the line;
27.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run bouncer again. Ducked;
27.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run better delivery, late jagging inswing on a good length, but Farhat watches it onto the bat, and plays out to point;
27.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run banged in short from round the wicket. Farhat flinches as the ball passes his shoulder;
26.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run too full, passes the off stump on the full in fact. No stroke as Paine gathers with a grimace;
26.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run now that is a jaffa! Six of them an over and Australia will be in business. Pitches on off, holds its line and climbs off the seam, and misses the edge by a splinter;
26.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run wicket-to-wicket. Defended on off stump;
26.3;3;Johnson to Farhat, 3 runs that's a sweet stroke, up on the toes to capitalise on a bit of width outside off. Well placed with a back-foot push, out towards the cover rope;
26.2;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run bouncer, not straight enough to threaten, but Farhat can't time his cut;
26.1;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run on the pads, flicks fine but Paine pounces to cut off the run;
25.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run swinging away from wide of off stump. No stroke offered there;
25.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run stands tall to jab into the covers off the back foot;
25.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run over the wicket to the right-hander, who pulls the bat inside the line at the last minute;
25.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run outside off, dabbed through third man to keep the strike rotating;
25.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run nice one, skimming past the edge as it angled back in from wide of the crease;
25.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run good line, a hint of swing;
24.6;4;Johnson to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs better ball to finish, but he's ultimately been punished for it as Ali nudges with soft hands through gully, taking the bottom hand off the bat. And that's the lead for Pakistan;
24.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run pushed through on a length wide of off stump, and Ali leaves once again;
24.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run short of a good length on middle, Ali stands tall and rides the bounce as he defends back down the pitch;
24.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run full and straight, Johnson still searching for the merest hint of swing, but there doesn't seem to be any on offer so far! Nudged to mid-on;
24.2;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run Johnson pulls the length back, Ali leaves;
24.1;4;Johnson to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs and that just sums things up. Johnson dishes one up full and wide, Ali squirts a drive through gully and down to third man to get off the mark;
23.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run good finish to a good over, Hilfenhaus keeps to that choking line and length and Farhat can only defend;
23.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run on a length on off stump, Farhat comes forward and defends to cover;
23.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run short on middle and leg, Farhat ducks quickly underneath the ball as it flies over him;
23.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run full and just outside off once again, played down towards gully;
23.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run tempting line and length outside off, Farhat leans forward and pushes at the ball with no great conviction and is beaten;
23.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run full on off stump, Farhat cracks a drive out of the middle of the bat but straight back towards the bowler, who stops it in his follow-through;
22.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run this one jags away off the seam a touch after pitching, but not enough to take the edge as Ali pushes his weight back and plays the ball towards point with soft hands;
22.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run full, landing on off stump and Ali, who certainly hasn't settled yet, aims a nervous looking push into the leg side;
22.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run good length again, slightly straighter this time and Ali tries to work the ball through the leg side but picks out mid-on;
22.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run on a length, but landing outside off and going further with the angle and easily left alone;
22.2;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run short and rising into the ribs, Ali fends to leg on the hop;
22.1;1;Johnson to Farhat, 1 run Johnson is struggling to keep things consistent here, again dishing up a leg-stump half-volley with the first ball of his over. He's got a defensive field to work with, though, and so the ball is cut off before the boundary;
21.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run nice ball again, curving away through the air and squaring Ali up a touch as he defends from the crease;
21.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run Ali fishes at one outside off and he's lucky not to get an edge on this. Hilfenhaus seems far more comfortable bowling to right-handers, though he just dismissed Butt!;
21.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run just a hint of width outside off, Farhat drops the ball down between gully and point and they sprint through for a quick single;
21.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run Hilfenhaus is keeping things tight here, zoning in on off stump and Farhat can only defend;
21.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run similar ball, pushed defensively towards point this time;
21.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run back of a length outside off and coming in through the air and from the angle as Hilfenhaus stays round the wicket to the left-handed Farhat. Defended;
20.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run Johnson finally gets the line and length right with the last ball of the over, but Ali keeps his eye on it to defend from the crease;
20.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run fuller, but far outside off stump once again and Ali is quite happy to leave;
20.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run short of a good length and outside off, Ali looks to force the ball through the off side but can't time the backfoot punch;
20.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run on a length and straight, pushed back to the bowler;
20.2;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run full and wide outside off, still no swing whatsoever for Johnson. Ali leaves well alone;
20.1;1;Johnson to Farhat, 1 run just a bit too straight from Johnson, and he's nudged to midwicket for a single;
19.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run on a length on off stump, Ali defends back towards the bowler;
19.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run Hilfenhaus finds nice shape away from the right-hander, who pulls his bat well inside the line as the ball goes past him;
19.4;W;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, OUT gone this time! Australia finally get the breakthrough as Hilfenhaus pitches the ball nice and full, finding significant swing back in to the left-hander. Butt shaped to whip through the leg side, but was done in by the swing and the wide angle from round the wicket. The ball snuck past the bat and clattered into the stumps!;Salman Butt b Hilfenhaus 45 (79m 68b 8x4 0x6) SR: 66.17;
19.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run Hilfenhaus pushes his line straighter, and Butt responds with a firm defensive push back to the bowler;
19.2;2;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, 2 runs nicely driven on the up through extra cover, but Australia have Michael Clarke out as cover on the off side boundary and so it's cut off;
19.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run good length from Hilfenhaus, slightly full and on off stump. Butt watches it carefully and keeps bat and pad together as he defends back down the pitch;
18.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run slightly wider of off this time, Farhat is tempted into a slash outside off, slapping the ball down towards gully on the bounce;
18.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run Johnson is starting to find a consistent line now, but his length is still just a touch too short. This one is back of a length on off stump again, and is chopped to point;
18.4;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run on a length and straight, pushed to mid-on from the crease;
18.3;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run pitched up this time, and much closer to off stump. Farhat leans forward and punches a drive to extra cover;
18.2;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run dug in short outside off, Farhat sways back and watches the ball go past;
18.1;1;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, tucked off the hip through the leg side for a single;
17.6;1lb;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, 1 leg bye pushed leg side with the angle again, Butt can't lay bat on the glance but gets a single to keep the strike;
17.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run decent bouncer from Hilfenhaus, well-directed although there's not much in the way of pace on the ball and Butt sways out of the way with time to spare;
17.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run cracked just behind square on the off side, but again he picks out the fielder;
17.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run pitched up outside off, Butt times a drive towards cover but picks out the fielder;
17.3;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, (no ball) and now he's over-stepped, looking for some extra life out of the pitch outside off but straining just a little too much;
17.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run dropped! Hilfenhaus surprised Butt with some movement away through the air to take the leading edge, but seemed equally surprised himself when the ball was popped back towards him. He lost his footing as he leaned forward to try and take the catch. That must be so frustrating for Australia...;
17.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run pushed down towards leg stump, but can't get it away though;
16.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run just short of a good length on off stump, punched firmly towards mid-off;
16.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run on a length and straight, tucked to midwicket;
16.4;1b;Johnson to Salman Butt, 1 bye Johnson's really lost his radar, this time the ball is arrowed way down the leg side and Tim Paine does well to get some glove on this one, although he can't quite cut it off;
16.3;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run back-of-a-length on off stump, Butt hops onto his toes to defend back towards the bowler;
16.2;1;Johnson to Farhat, 1 run this is leg-side as well, and turned down to fine leg for a single as Hilfenhaus sprints round on the rope;
16.1;4;Johnson to Farhat, FOUR runs that's not a great start, Johnson flings down a leg-stump half-volley and is thumped through wide mid-on with a firm flick of the wrist;
15.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run nudged into the leg side;
15.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, FOUR runs Salman Butt has lost none of his timing during the break, caressing this through cover point off the back foot, a really elegant forcing stroke off the back foot;
15.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run fullish, on off stump and defended towards the covers off the front foot;
15.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run that's slipping down the leg side with the angle and eased down to fine leg;
15.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run Hilfenhaus finds his length very quickly, to draw a defensive backfoot punt from Farhat;
15.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run Hilfenhaus comes round the wicket and he's not quite loose yet, as the ball slips out as a gentle knee-high full toss. Farhat is taken by surprise and can't make anything of it, however;
14.6;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run on a length and straight, pushed defensively back to the bowler;
14.5;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run half-volley on off stump, Butt times a caressed drive into the covers but picks out the extra cover fielder;
14.4;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run Johnson bends his back to find pace and good carry off a length ball outside off, but it's a waste as the ball is left alone;
14.3;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run fuller, on off stump and punched back towards the bowler;
14.2;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run similar length, but this one is wider of off and Butt is quite happy to leave in what is in all likelihood the last over before tea;
14.1;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs squirted off the outside edge, right in the gap and down to third man for four! Nothing going Australia's way here. It was a good delivery from Johnson, which had Butt squared up as he pushed at it from the crease. But he played it with soft hands, sending the ball down and putting it right in the gap;
13.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run much fuller, and a toe-ended drive goes towards mid-off;
13.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run that's a cracker of a delivery! Perfect line to the left-hander, who was surely expecting this to curve back in. The seam was positioned to shape the ball back in, but it just held its line to beat the outside edge;
13.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run on a length again, Farhat chops defensively towards point;
13.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run Hilfenhaus pulls the length back outside off and this time Farhat has nothing to do with it;
13.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, FOUR runs full, wide and slashed! This is actually quite fortunate for Farhat, he threw the bat at it and edged but right in the gap. It went low and soon hit the ground too, but there wasn't much control in the shot;
13.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run on a length on off stump, Farhat stands at the crease and punches back to the bowler;
12.6;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs great shot! Butt forces through backward point as Johnson offers up some inviting width outside off stump. Butt didn't try to hit it too hard, he just stood up tall and made sure he timed the shot well, placing it between gully and point;
12.5;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run very full on off stump, Butt aims a watchful inside-out drive to mid-off;
12.4;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run similar ball to the last one, this time Butt steps forward and drives on the walk back to the bowler;
12.3;?;Johnson to Salman Butt, no run on a length and just outside off, Butt aims a checked-drive to point;
12.2;4;Johnson to Salman Butt, FOUR runs leg-stump half-volley, and Butt times a little nudge through leg sublimely to pick up yet another boundary and take his team's score past 50;
12.1;1;Johnson to Farhat, 1 run full on middle and off, the ball is nudged to leg and they set off for a quick, scrambled single. Tight, but that was well-judged;

Some heavy cloud surrounding the ground and it's getting a bit dark now. But no rain, as yet. We have a change in the bowling, as Mitchell Johnson comes on for the first time
 Innings Start
It was at once calculated and calm but also breathless stuff from Smith. After playing himself in he helped add 66 for the final two wickets. It was enough to reduce Pakistan to a state of utter panic and how Butt clears his head to lead Pakistan's chase will be crucial.
Anyway that's Tea - what a session it's been. Incredibly Pakistan will have to chase 180 - just four more than that game at Sydney. Andrew Miller has frantically hammered out a teatime bulletin to try and summarise where we're at, so check that out.
Right, I'm going to scoot off and find a sandwich before the action starts again - Liam Brickhill will be in the comms seat for the next hour or so. Every hour is a crucial one, but the next could define the match.
95.3;W;Umar Gul to Smith, OUT gone this time! Smith falls to another slower ball from Gul, dragging it on to his stumps off a bottom edge but it ends a sensational knock. He's carried the lead 179 which is plenty for the Australian bowlers to go at.;Steven Smith b Umar Gul 77 (130m 100b 9x4 2x6) SR: 77;
95.2;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run Gul should get into one-day mode, he does that awfully well, here it's a slower delivery that Smith tries to swing away into the leg side but misses;
95.1;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run Smith strides down the track and tries to drive back down the ground, but doesn't get much of it, runs away to long on but he rejects the single;
94.6;?;Amir to Bollinger, no run Aamer tries to finish things off with a yorker, but it's misdirected, fired down the leg side, Bollinger clips it to fine leg but obviously doesn't take the single;
94.5;?;Amir to Bollinger, no run short from Aamer, Bollinger looked as though he was planning to leave whatever delivery it was, crouching very early and letting it go by to Kamran;
94.4;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run this time Smith takes the single, clipped behind square on the leg side, Bollinger will have two to face;
94.3;?;Amir to Smith, no run Smith is biding his time, waiting for the field to come in, defending a full toss back down the pitch;
94.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run once more it's full and straight, good cricket from Aamer, Smith strolls across his stumps and defends back to the bowler;
94.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run full, very full from Aamer, Smith walks across his stumps and defends;
93.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Bollinger, no run this time Bollinger is a picture of defence, leaving Smith with another over;
93.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Bollinger, no run Bollinger still refuses to block, and instead swipes at it, with no timing at all back to the bowler;
93.4;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run single taken this time, comfortably clipped to deep midwicket, leaving Bollinger with two to see out;
93.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run down the wicket again, driving very firmly but this time along the ground to extra cover, he rejects the single;
93.2;6;Danish Kaneria to Smith, SIX runs and again! This one's gone even further! Smith down the track once more and driving this out the ground over the bowler's head. They're having to get a new ball!;
93.1;6;Danish Kaneria to Smith, SIX runs that's gone miles! Smith is causing havoc here! Down the track, giving himself a touch of room and depositing this well over long off for a maximum!;
92.6;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run great cricket from Smith, keeps the strike but prodding it delicately into the mid on region;
92.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run this time he defends casually off the front foot;
92.4;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs wow, how has he done this!? Smith gets into a bizarre position, square on and miles outside leg stump, before unfurling a crisp, straight-batted drive for four over the bowler's head;
92.3;?;Amir to Smith, no run ooh, slower ball from Aamer almost defeats Smith as he though about repeating the shot, but at the last minute he adjusts and defends;
92.2;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs Smith is turning the game on it's head here! This time he's stayed deep in his crease, picked a gap in front of midwicket and clumped it straight through that area;
92.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run big appeal from Aamer as Smith tries to whip a full ball into the leg side, would have hit but it pitched well outside leg stump;
91.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Bollinger, no run yikes! Quite what Bollinger is thinking I have no idea. All he had to do was see out one delivery and give Smith back the strike but instead he attempts an enormous swipe which fortunately for him, he misses;
91.5;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run well, that's poor cricket from Pakistan, Smith uses the deep-set field to help himself to a single into the leg side;
91.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run once again Smith is happy to defend;
91.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run good delivery, on a length and line and blocked;
91.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run thrown up wider from Kaneria outside off and Smith defends;
91.1;4;Danish Kaneria to Smith, FOUR runs what a way to bring up your first Test fifty! Smith has murdered a sweep shot, smashing it between deep midwicket and deep square for four. It's been a crucial knock and he's still going;
90.6;?;Amir to Bollinger, no run Bollinger hasn't had a great Test here but he's desperately defending and doing it very well, watching the ball closely and blocking into the off side. He's done his job for that over and Smith will have strike;
90.5;?;Amir to Bollinger, no run once again it's full and straight, really good stuff from Aamer, giving himself every chance, but Bollinger gets everything behind it;
90.4;?;Amir to Bollinger, no run good from Aamer, attacking off stump but Bollinger is up to it, blocking away resolutely;
90.3;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run this time Smith does take the single, it's a touch leg-sided once more from Aamer, Smith clipped it to deep square and Bollinger will have three balls to survive;
90.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run good delivery from Aamer, full and straight and defended;
90.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run this is a touch short and on leg stump, Smith turned it away to fine leg but rejected the single, wanting to keep the strike;
89.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Bollinger, no run Bollinger does well, popping forward and defending solidly towards cover;
89.5;W;Danish Kaneria to Hilfenhaus, OUT Kaneria breaks through! Good move by Butt in the end! Again a touch of air, spinning from around off stump, Hilfenhaus tried to prod it away into the off stump but it spun, clipped the edge and went through to slip. Huge breakthrough;Ben Hilfenhaus c Umar Akmal b Danish Kaneria 17 (25m 16b 4x4 0x6) SR: 106.25;
89.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Hilfenhaus, no run good delivery here, touch of flight, offering to spin a bit and Hilfenhaus prods defensively;
89.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Hilfenhaus, no run outside off stump, left well alone;
89.2;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run pushed gently into the covers for a quick single;
89.1;4;Danish Kaneria to Smith, FOUR runs what a shot! Smith is on fire! Down the track, giving himself some room outside leg and driving this beautifully over cover for another boundary;
88.6;1;Umar Gul to Smith, 1 run Smith's little cameo has pushed the field back which means that now, even with this good delivery, he can push forward gently to mid off and take a strike-stealing single;
88.5;2;Umar Gul to Smith, 2 runs another shot ball, another pull shot and a top piece of fielding from Kaneria diving to his right on the square leg boundary, Smith really ticking now;
88.4;2;Umar Gul to Smith, 2 runs shorter ball this time, proper shot ball, Smith got back and placed a delicate pull shot, guiding it quickly towards fine leg where Aamer ran round and fielded smartly;
88.3;4;Umar Gul to Smith, FOUR runs what a strike! Smith is in one-day mode and Pakistan are creaking here, length ball, Smith gets deep into his crease and thwacks it over midwicket for four. Really nailed the shot;
88.2;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run good ball, Pakistan need to string a few of these together, full and straight and Smith can do nothing but defend;
88.1;2;Umar Gul to Smith, 2 runs not a great start from the new bowler, overpitched and down the leg side, Smith clips it confidently in front of deep midwicket for a couple;
87.6;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run shorter to finish and Hilfenhaus crouches and lets it go by;
87.5;4;Amir to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs another boundary! Pressure building on Aamer and on Butt. Great cricket from Hilfenhaus, so simple, a touch overpitched and he timed a cover drive perfectly;
87.4;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run beaten this time! No need for a leg slip with deliveries like this, moving away from just back of a length, Hilfenhaus fences and misses outside off;
87.3;4;Amir to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs four more, this time it's a lovely shot! Fuller from Aamer and Hilfenhaus leant forward and timed an extra-cover drive for another boundary;
87.2;4;Amir to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs find the edge this time but it's four! Hilfenhaus stood tall to try and ride some extra bounce but it caught a thick outside edge and flew between a gap between the slips and gully for a boundary;
87.1;?;Amir to Hilfenhaus, no run lovely delivery, using the angle across the right hander to slide one past Hilfenhaus's outside edge;
86.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run now he's back to convention, reaching for the textbook and producing a picture-perfect forward defence;
86.5;4;Mohammad Asif to Smith, FOUR runs very good from Smith, very good indeed, instinctive counter-attacking knock, gave himself a bit of room outside leg and then swished a drive wide of mid off, powerfully for four;
86.4;1;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, 1 run shorter from Asif, Hilfenhaus tried to wheel away a pull shot but didn't get much of it, instead it came off a flurry of arms and bat and went for a single behind square;
86.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run having taken the boundary Hilfenhaus is happy to leave this alone outside off;
86.2;4;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, FOUR runs good cricket from Hilfenhaus, overpitched and a but wide from Asif and Hilfenhaus threw everything at it, slashing a boundary away to deep point;
86.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run Asif's approach is more serene than Aamer, he seems to operate in a quiet zone of his own, this is pitched on a full length outside off and Hilfenhaus defends;
85.6;?;Amir to Smith, no run Smith gets to watch another go by to finish the over, plenty of action there for a maiden;
85.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run quieter delivery here, outside off stump and left alone;
85.4;?;Amir to Smith, no run and this one goes the other way! Pitches and jags back into Smith, cutting him in half and Kamran has to dive the other way to make another important stop;
85.3;?;Amir to Smith, no run wow, this moved a mile! Pitched in line and jagged away dramatically, Smith tried to defend but was nowhere near it in the end and Kamran made a brilliant one-handed take diving to his right;
85.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run this time it's back on to a line and length and Smith defends;
85.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run wont get anything here, it's fired down the leg side from Aamer and Kamran makes a tumbling stop behind the stumps;
84.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run this time it's outside off and Hilfenhaus leaves very studiously;
84.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run this is again on a length and line, Hilfenhaus pushes forward and defends;
84.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Hilfenhaus, no run gets a good ball first up that he keeps out calmly;
84.3;W;Mohammad Asif to Johnson, OUT Asif strikes! Johnson falls lbw to a delivery that pitched just in line, swung back a fraction, beat the defensive shot and thudded into the pad, it looked tight and replays confirmed it would have taken leg stump. Crucial wicket for Pakistan!;Mitchell Johnson lbw b Mohammad Asif 12 (39m 25b 1x4 0x6) SR: 48;
84.2;1;Mohammad Asif to Smith, 1 run shots aplenty and runs flowing for Australia, Pakistan getting a touch nervy now, Smith had another big drive at this but it clipped the inside edge and ran away for a single to fine leg;
84.1;4;Mohammad Asif to Smith, FOUR runs good stuff from Smith, excellent intent, it was full from Asif and Smith ambled into a powerful drive, clumping it past mid off for four;
83.6;4lb;Amir to Johnson, 4 leg byes good over ends badly, Aamer looking for the Hollywood finish, trying to find a stump-shattering yorker, instead it's fired too far down leg, clips a pad and speeds away for four to fine leg;
83.5;?;Amir to Johnson, no run edged again! Fuller this time, Johnson tried to turn it away into the leg side but it left him a fraction and skewed off a leading edge to mid off;
83.4;?;Amir to Johnson, no run Aamer honing in, really good over this, once again he's located that off-stump channel, Johnson had a nervy defence that clipped a thickish outside edge and ran away to point;
83.3;?;Amir to Johnson, no run beaten again! Good ball once more, fullish of length, around off stump, Johnson plays and misses;
83.2;?;Amir to Johnson, no run good comeback from the bowler, back to a line in the channel outside off and beats Johnson's hanging defensive bat;
83.1;2;Amir to Johnson, 2 runs this is speared towards Johnson's legs and at a full length it's easy pickings, clipped in front of midwicket for a couple;
82.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run beaten! No sooner had I said that Smith looks in good order then he's gone and had a fiddle outside off stump, whistled past the edge but no damage done;
82.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run better ball, on that Asif full length, just outside off stump but Smith strides very confidently into a forward block. He looks the business today;
82.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run good leave here, it was closer to off stump, just offering to shape away and Smith shoulders arms;
82.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run Asif adjusts his line and length, but it's too far outside off stump and Smith has none of it;
82.2;4;Mohammad Asif to Smith, FOUR runs shot! There is nothing pretty about what Smith does, here it's short and he butchers it through midwicket, it looked grim but sped away for four;
82.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run Asif ambles up to the crease again, very easy run up, and delivers on a full length around off stump, Smith comes forward and defends quietly;
81.6;?;Amir to Johnson, no run better delivery to finish the over, on off stump, but there wasn't all that much swing or seam out there that over, the overhead conditions are good for batting at the moment,;
81.5;4lb;Amir to Johnson, 4 leg byes that'll do very nicely for Australia, Aamer slipping in a full ball down the leg side, Johnson attempts to flick it away, misses and it clips the pads and runs away for four;
81.4;?;Amir to Johnson, no run this time Johnson is forced to play, but does so very crisply, blocking to point;
81.3;?;Amir to Johnson, no run another one wide of the off stump, Johnson thrusts his foot forward and leaves it well alone;
81.2;?;Amir to Johnson, no run touch of movement here, shaping away from the left hander, but it starts a fraction wide and Johnson leaves alone;
81.1;?;Amir to Johnson, no run good start against his opposite number Johnson, just back of a length but bang on off stump and Johnson defends off the back foot;
80.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run the first over with the new ball finishes with a good delivery from Asif, on a length at off stump, wobbling away a fraction, Smith walks into a defensive block;
80.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run crucial mini-session this, Smith and Johnson will be nothing if not attacking, a breakthrough here is very important, but Asif won't find one from this line - too far outside off;
80.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run once again its too far outside off stump to draw a shot from Smith;
80.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run outside off stump, Smith thinks about a shot, decides against it, and then has a frightful fidget - adjusting his pads, thigh pad, twitching his helmet;
80.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run Smith looks a very itchy man indeed, constantly fiddling and fidgeting, but he's doing a good job here, this time it's fuller and straighter from Asif and he defends;
80.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run The new ball delivers swing and a touch of extra bounce, as you would expect, but it starts well outside off so Smith leaves alone;
79.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run and that, surely, is the end of Kaneria for this spell. And who knows, perhaps even this match. Because ladies and gentleman, it's New Ball time!;
79.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run a monstrous moo across the line, but Johnson doesn't pick the googly at all, and is lucky to get away with that;
79.4;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run out of his crease again, and an elegant drive to deep cover. Pakistan are on the defensive at the moment. Will they come out of their shell in two balls' time, I wonder?;
79.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run a shovelled drive to mid-on;
79.2;1;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, 1 run slapped hard, and cries of "catch it!" as the ball flies safely into the leg-side;
79.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run stands up and defends on the back foot. A bit of a bobble down in the crease;
78.6;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run jams down late again. Gul seems to be skidding on quickly to Smith, or else his technique is a bit awry at present;
78.5;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run tighter line, he's happier to the right-hander at present;
78.4;1;Umar Gul to Johnson, 1 run on the pads again to the left-hander. Johnson will take those gratefully for the rest of the innings;
78.3;1;Umar Gul to Smith, 1 run or perhaps not, a scooting under-edge from a short-arm pull. Not really there for the stroke at all. A thicker edge would have been straight into the stumps;
78.2;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run outside off, swinging away, a sensible leave-alone from Smith, who might be feeling a touch introspective as the new ball looms;
78.1;3;Umar Gul to Johnson, 3 runs speared into the toes, an easy three down to backward square;
77.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run and another. Go on, smack it son, is the invitation. Smith declines, wisely on balance;
77.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run another long-hop, you could almost suggest that's a plan;
77.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run another loopy long-hop, and Smith's under-edge is a technical chance to the keeper, but only if he had reactions like Mr Incredible. Which, being Kamran Akmal, he doesn't;
77.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run;
77.2;1;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, 1 run given air outside off, and invited to turn. Johnson pokes at that much as he might poke at a soggy piece of gristle on the edge of his dinner plate;
77.1;1lb;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 leg bye tossed up, and whipped off the toes to fine leg. The lead extends to 86;
76.6;?;Umar Gul to Johnson, no run outside off, tight line and swinging away. Left alone;
76.5;4;Umar Gul to Johnson, FOUR runs outswinger, and Johnson didn't know much about that. But he knew enough to squirt a limp edge through the slips. And he's off his pair;
76.4;3;Umar Gul to Smith, 3 runs inswinging attempted yorker, but met with a confident straight bat as Mohammad Asif half-stops at mid-on;
76.3;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run Smith jams his bat down late, but that doesn't keep as low as his stance would have you believe. Gully tidies up again;
76.2;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run tighter line, defended out to gully as that one keeps low;
76.1;2;Umar Gul to Smith, 2 runs bouncer, and well enough played by Smith, who is going to carry on putting bat to ball, I am sure. Kaneria gets onto his unicycle to field with a series of fumbles at fine leg. But he does enough in the end;
75.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run negotiates the over without total confidence. Big innings required here now ...;
75.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run forward more solidly this time, and pushed to cover;
75.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Johnson, no run wow, you don't get much closer than that! A big ripper outside off, and a loose drive. Just enough inside edge to prevent him being bowled through the gate;
75.3;W;Danish Kaneria to Paine, OUT oh, what a way to go! Short, slow, horrible looping long-hop from Kaneria, but it spun and bounced, and Paine's eyes had lit up too much to go back on the stroke. A simple toe-ended slap to cover, and Australia are in deep deep do-do now ...;Tim Paine c Azhar Ali b Danish Kaneria 33 (122m 84b 5x4 0x6) SR: 39.28;
75.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run big big stride forward, and pushed back to the bowler;
75.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run looped up, and poked to point;
74.6;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run dabbed to midwicket to keep the strike. Five overs until the new ball ...;
74.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run outside off, tight line, and left well alone;
74.4;1;Umar Gul to Smith, 1 run inswinging yorker, good delivery, but a touch misdirected. Worked off the toes to backward point;
74.3;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run angled bat, fenced out to gully;
74.2;?;Umar Gul to Smith, no run dragged out of the crease, and defended to gully;
74.1;2;Umar Gul to Smith, 2 runs a touch short and worked easily in front of midwicket;
73.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run uneasy poked defence, way outside off stump. But another over negotiated;
73.5;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run pushed up the pitch and into the gap;
73.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run nearly did him that time! Tossed way up above the eyeline, and dipped late as Smith advanced to all but york himself. He dug it out just in time;
73.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run left alone outside off stump;
73.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run whipped out to midwicket again;
73.1;4;Danish Kaneria to Smith, FOUR runs flamboyance from Smith! Out of the crease, a full swing of the bat, it turned a touch, but the bat-speed was there, while the man in the deep at long-off was not. Top shot;
72.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run outside off, no stroke again;
72.5;4;Amir to Paine, FOUR runs cracked on the up and over the covers, that's an impressive piece of thinking cricket. Not afraid to cash in when the delivery presents itself;
72.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run left alone again. Aamer is being wasted for now. Let him rest, and hand him the new nut, I reckon;
72.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run watchful work from Paine, he's determined to still be there come over 80;
72.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run more outswing, but that one scuttles upon pitching. Hmmm;
72.1;?;Amir to Paine, no run outside off, shaping away, good delivery, but a touch predictable at the moment. Left alone;
71.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run hangs back in the crease this time, and flicks out to midwicket;
71.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run Smith advances once again. He's confident, I'll give him that;
71.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run outside off, a bit of a nothing ball. And sure enough, nothing happens;
71.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run clipped out to midwicket, firm wristwork there;
71.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run driven back to the bowler from a full length;
71.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run outside off, signs of turn;
70.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run tighter line, back of a length, defended on the back foot;
70.5;4;Amir to Paine, FOUR runs fuller length, and that's met with a firm punched drive through the covers. Umar Amin dives in vain as the ball bobbles over his wrist;
70.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run tighter to off stump, and still shaping towards the slips. Paine judges the movement well as the sun comes out;
70.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run outswing again, but starting too wide to draw the right-hander into a stroke. Although it did for Ponting I guess;
70.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run good line, good shape through the air, no stroke offered;
70.1;?;Amir to Paine, no run outside off, swinging away;
69.6;1;Danish Kaneria to Paine, 1 run short and cut hard to point. An ineffective over, and I suspect the seamers are the way through this Australia line-up;
69.6;2nb;Danish Kaneria to Smith, (no ball) 1 run that's careless. Spinners shouldn't overstep;
69.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run forward and defended;
69.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run;
69.3;1;Danish Kaneria to Paine, 1 run dabbed into the covers, and a single released the pressure. Point is set too deep to cut off the single;
69.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run that's the ball, tossed up, dipping late, and turning sharply. Paine defends with a bit of outside edge;
69.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run forward, and left alone outside off;
68.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run well watched, forward and dead-batted defence to complete the maiden;
68.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run forward and defended again. Every ball's a hand grenade;
68.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run back of a length, but perfect off-stump line. Driven on the up, without power, to cover;
68.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run swing through the air, and left alone outside off. Anxious times for the Aussies;
68.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run big stride forward and defended out to cover;
68.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Smith, no run dabbed out to point;
67.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run forward again, and blocked urgently. Probing over, in a very different way to the seam onslaught at the other end ...;
67.5;1;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 1 run tapped to cover, a crazy call, and if Azhar Ali had picked that up cleanly, that could well have been curtains! But he didn't, and it wasn't ...;
67.4;2;Danish Kaneria to Smith, 2 runs a whirl of the arms and a click through midwicket. Finds the gap for two. Every run counts from here;
67.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run Smith advances to defend two feet out of his crease. Confidently done;
67.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run looped up, down the leg-side, misdirected;
67.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Smith, no run tossed up, low full-toss in fact. Patted back to the bowler;
66.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run attacking the off stump with a modicum of inswing. Such tidy lines and microscopic changes of direction through the air. Devastating to deal with;
66.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run good line again, more teasing outswing;
66.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run outside off, wobbling through to the keeper. Tidy line and length;
66.3;4;Mohammad Asif to Paine, FOUR runs delicate dead-batted defence to another probing delivery, and that flashes through the gully. Good soft hands kept that down;
66.2;1lb;Mohammad Asif to Smith, 1 leg bye full length, spearing into the toes, a squeaked appeal, but that was angling down leg;
66.1;W;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, OUT that is simply exceptional! Perfect line, perfect length first-up, grazes the edge in a McGrath-esque half-bat's-width movement, and a simple nick to the keeper!;Michael Clarke c ?Kamran Akmal b Mohammad Asif 77 (234m 143b 7x4 0x6) SR: 53.84;
65.6;1;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, 1 run chopped hard out to deep point. Some appreciable signs of turn in that over;
65.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run looped up, right into the blockhole, and defended;
65.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run properly squared up this time, and squirted off a thick edge through third man. Sharp spin;
65.3;1;Danish Kaneria to Paine, 1 run slightly short, cut out to backward point;
65.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run gentle turn from a leg-stump line, defended on the back foot;
65.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run looped up onto leg stump, defended out to midwicket;
64.6;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run on a length, and swinging in towards middle. Clarke drives cautiously to mid-on;
64.5;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run Gul aims for the yorker again, this time it doesn't take Paine by surprise and he clips a low full toss just wide of mid-on;
64.4;1;Umar Gul to Clarke, 1 run snaking in through the air, Clarke works the ball behind square on the leg side for a single to bring up the fifty partnership;
64.3;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run good length, but again the batsman doesn't have to play as the line is wide of off;
64.2;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run much fuller, outside off and Clarke leaves;
64.2;3nb;Umar Gul to Clarke, (no ball) 2 runs back of a length again, not as short and this time Clarke does pull, rolling his wrists over the ball to keep it down. Asif fumbles at deep square leg to allow them back for the second. Not great cricket from Gul either, who has over-stepped once again;
64.1;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run good bouncer from Gul, zipping through at head height over off stump. Clarke shaped to pull, but decided against the shot as the ball reached him. There is a man out on the boundary for the top-edge;
63.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run Aamer pushes the line slightly wider and Paine is quite happy to leave once again;
63.5;?;Amir to Paine, no run on off stump this time and Paine's got to play. He presses forward to defend but that's a cross-seamed delivery from Aamer and he's found some extra bounce off the wicket to get the ball to spit up into Paine's gloved bottom hand;
63.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run a test of patience between bat and ball here, as Aamer sticks to a line outside off and Paine stubbornly refuses to play any shot;
63.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run slightly closer to the stumps this time, but again Paine offers no stroke;
63.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run going across the right-hander with the angle, and a well-judged leave;
63.1;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run full outside off, he seemed to just roll the fingers over this one. In any case, Clarke drives out to deep cover and Paine is back on strike;
62.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run just short of a good length outside off, swinging away and left alone;
62.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run full on off stump, this one swings in again but is easily defended this time;
62.4;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run the surprise yorker from Gul! It didn't quite come out right, reaching the batsman on the full toss, but it was swinging in through the air and took Paine by surprise. He was lucky to get an inside edge onto the pad. Close!;
62.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run Paine is being patient here as Gul settles into a good line and length outside off. Paine leaves once again;
62.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run slightly fuller, swinging away once again but the batsman won't be tempted and leaves;
62.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run landing on a length outside off and swerving away through the air. Left alone, and that's a touch sloppy from Kamran behind the stumps, as he fumbles a regulation take;
61.6;2;Amir to Clarke, 2 runs on a length and angling towards the hip, Clarke glances through midwicket for a hard-run two;
61.5;1;Amir to Paine, 1 run and now, with a gap at midwicket opened up by sending the man back, he picks up an easy single with a little nudge to leg;
61.4;4;Amir to Paine, FOUR runs well, he went full but the ball slipped out as a long half-volley outside off. Paine accepts the gift, lashing a textbook drive through cover!;
61.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run on a length, just outside off and chopped defensively to gully;
61.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run Paine drops a length delivery close in on the off side and asks about a single, but he's quickly sent back;
61.1;?;Amir to Paine, no run Aamer stays round the wicket, angling one in as Paine defends to point off the front foot;
60.6;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run slightly fuller and shaping towards middle and leg, Paine nudges towards midwicket;
60.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run cuts him in half! What a delivery from Gul, hitting the perfect length just outside off and getting the ball to nip in off the seam. It shot between bat and pad and right over the off stump, close shave for Paine!;
60.4;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run has that brushed the glove? Gul hits a shortish length on leg stump, Paine swivels to pull but doesn't connect with the shot. The ball hits something on the way through and Pakistan appeal in unison. Rudi says no, and that's a great decision, as replays show the ball just clipped the jersey and nothing else;
60.3;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run closer to off stump this time, and the delivery went on straight rather than curving away. Paine leaves alone again. In the end, well-judged, although I don't think he picked the variation;
60.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run shaping away through the air once again, Paine decides against any shot;
60.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run great length from Gul, but the line is outside off and a hint of outswing takes the ball even further away from Paine, who shoulders arms;
59.6;?;Amir to Clarke, no run coming in with the angle from round the wicket, but starting wide of off and not getting close enough to draw any stroke from Clarke, who raises his bat to leave;
59.5;?;Amir to Clarke, no run full, but wide of off and Clarke won't take the bait, leaving well alone;
59.4;4;Amir to Clarke, FOUR runs Clarke beats the field with a neat drive through cover. Butt ran round from mid-off and dived but couldn't cut that off. Clarke has looked very composed today despite the loss of wickets at the other end;
59.3;?;Amir to Clarke, no run fuller and straighter, Clarke drives on the up to mid-on;
59.2;?;Amir to Clarke, no run just short of a good length on off stump, Clarke stands up tall and punches defensively to cover;
59.1;?;Amir to Clarke, no run on a length on middle and angling across the batsman, who pulls to midwicket;
58.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run nice and full again, and once again the batsman picks out mid-off with the drive;
58.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run much fuller on off stump, Paine aims a punched drive at mid-off;
58.4;1;Umar Gul to Clarke, 1 run short on middle and off, pulled through midwicket but without violence. That may have taken Clarke by surprise a bit;
58.3;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run full on middle and leg, nurdled just wide of mid-on;
58.2;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run cracker of a delivery! Gul lands one on a length on off stump and gets the ball to jag away off the seam and beat the edge of Paine's defensive poke;
58.1;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run full and straight, punched back to the bowler, who collects in his follow-through;
57.6;4;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, FOUR runs bad ball to finish the over, short and wide and hammered easily through cover point;
57.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run again the batsman uses his feet, Kaneria sees him coming and pushes the ball wide of off stump, but it's defended behind square;
57.5;3nb;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, (no ball) 2 runs floated up on leg stump, Clarke moves down the track and flicks through square leg;
57.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run punched to cover off the back foot;
57.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run Clarke uses his feet to get to the pitch and taps back to the bowler;
57.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run same again, this time Clarke stepped forward but decided against the drive at the last moment;
57.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, no run tossed up outside off, Clarke has a good look and lets the ball go past;
56.6;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run a touch of extra bounce off a length has Paine whipping the bottom hand off the bat as he jabs towards point;
56.5;?;Umar Gul to Paine, no run tight line, right on off stump and a fullish length. Paine pushes forward to defend carefully;
56.4;1;Umar Gul to Clarke, 1 run full and straight, nudged to wide mid-on;
56.4;1nb;Umar Gul to Clarke, (no ball) full just outside off, driven hard to extra cover. But it's another no-ball, and this one is even bigger than the first;
56.3;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run angled behind square on the walk, gully tumbles to his right to cut the shot off;
56.3;1nb;Umar Gul to Clarke, (no ball) on a length on off stump, good ball but he's given away a no-ball in the effort;
56.2;1;Umar Gul to Paine, 1 run much better length, but the line is off once again and Gul is worked behind square on the leg side for a quick single;
56.1;1;Umar Gul to Clarke, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped out to deep cover off the back foot;
55.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run Paine lunges forward to defend;
55.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run looped up on leg stump, Paine defends to leg and the ball pops up in the air but well wide of short leg;
55.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run defended back down the track;
55.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run pushed defensively to leg;
55.3;3nb;Danish Kaneria to Paine, (no ball) 2 runs flicked to square leg, where a misfield allows them through for two. And what's more, Kaneria's over-stepped and that's a no-ball!;
55.2;?;Danish Kaneria to Paine, no run chipped back down the track, just short of the bowler! There's certainly some turn for Kaneria, and Paine is squared up as he tries to clip to leg;
55.1;1;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, 1 run aggressive start from Clarke, who skips down the track straight away and nudges just wide of mid-on. The batsmen charged through for a scampered single, taking Asif at mid-on somewhat by surprise;
54.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run good leave from Paine, as Asif hits a length just outside off stump. He watches the ball closely, covering his stumps and raising his bat above his head;
54.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run pitched up on middle and leg, Paine clips straight to mid-on;
54.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run full just outside off. Not quite there for the drive, especially with the consistent swing Asif is getting, and Paine defends carefully to gully;
54.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run Asif responds by straightening his line and pulling his length back a touch. Paine defends back to the bowler from the crease;
54.2;4;Mohammad Asif to Paine, FOUR runs good shot from Paine as Asif over-pitches outside off stump. Caressed through the covers with minimum effort, but the ball raced to the boundary;
54.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run shaping away through the air and landing on an off stump line, Paine defends towards mid on;
53.6;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run Gul errs in line, spearing the ball just down the leg side. Clarke is annoyed with himself for not being able to make more of that, as Kamran shuffles to his left to cut the ball off;
53.5;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run full on off stump, Clarke drills a well-balanced drive straight at mid-off;
53.4;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run slightly fuller this time, and straighter too. Gul curves the ball in towards off stump, and Clarke defends to cover;
53.3;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run cracked on the up into the off side field, where Shoaib Malik tumbles to his right at extra cover to pull off a good stop;
53.2;2;Umar Gul to Clarke, 2 runs a touch more width offered, Clarke slaps the ball on the up out to the man at deep cover. He's shown positive intent this morning;
53.1;?;Umar Gul to Clarke, no run on a length just outside off stump to start, not much in the way of movement and Clarke punches neatly into the covers;
52.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run driven on the up but not quite timed. That is the end of the first hour's play, and therefore it is drinks;
52.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run blocked out to point once again;
52.4;1;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 1 run jabbed defence into the covers. Another single. And Australia are 3 for 5. (Or 5 for 3 if you are reading this upside-down);
52.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run pitching middle, swinging to off. Defended to mid-on;
52.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run good line, exacerbated by late swing. No stroke offered;
52.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run blocked solidly out to mid-on;
51.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run a loose poke at a wide one, big excitement but Kamran fumbles - unusually for him in this match to be fair. It wasn't an edge either way;
51.5;3;Amir to Clarke, 3 runs shaping back into the right-hander from back of a length, a well-judged dab through the vacant gully region, and Australia take the lead!;
51.4;?;Amir to Clarke, no run raised bat, no stroke offered;
51.3;2;Amir to Clarke, 2 runs round the wicket, not quite the right line as Clarke clips out to deep square leg, and that is his fifty! Well batted, but for his team's purposes, anything less than a century - and a big one at that - will probably be insufficient from here;
51.2;?;Amir to Clarke, no run slower ball, and well watched, off the middle of the bat, out to cover;
51.1;1;Amir to Paine, 1 run back of a length, rising into the splice, defended into the covers;
50.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run attacking off stump, met with an angled defensive bat. Picked up at cover;
50.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run outside off, tight line again;
50.4;1;Mohammad Asif to Paine, 1 run flicked out to midwicket, Paine is off the mark;
50.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Paine, no run sharp lift from a tight line.;
50.2;1;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 1 run dabbed into the covers, a scampered single, the shy comes in but he's safe;
50.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run outside off, a fraction short, left alone;
49.6;?;Amir to Paine, no run wonderful bowling, attacking the top of off stump. Defended;
49.5;?;Amir to Paine, no run attacking the toes, not quite a yorker, but dug out as if it was one. Cat-on-hot-tin-roof stuff;
49.4;?;Amir to Paine, no run outside off, swinging towards the slips, left alone;
49.3;?;Amir to Paine, no run outside off, left alone calmly enough;
49.2;?;Amir to Paine, no run shaping across the right-hander, and blocked sturdily;
49.1;W;Amir to North, OUT Mohammad Aamer is on fire! North stands up in the crease, drives off the back foot, snicks into his leg stump, and Australia's revival is in tatters!;Marcus North b Mohammad Amir 0 (12m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
48.6;4;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, FOUR runs full length again, more late swing, and another chancy drive zips through the slips. This time it wasn't a chance, but it was unconvincing ...;
48.5;2;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 2 runs width and late swing, and an urgent slash flies loosely through point. Effective, but chancy;
48.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run fuller length, swinging away. Huge onus on Clarke now;
48.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run good follow-up, tighter to the stumps and holding its line. Defended uneasily;
48.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run sharp outswing, and another genuine edge, and this one drops just short of the slips, who are sitting too deep for the conditions. Australia are living dangerously ...;
48.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run outside off, and swinging away.;
47.6;?;Amir to North, no run dabbed out to gully, and another over is notched up;
47.5;?;Amir to North, no run slanting back into the left-hander, defended urgently on the off stump;
47.4;?;Amir to North, no run great bowling, really attacking the stumps, and North had lbw all over that shot;
47.3;?;Amir to North, no run forward, and defended back down the pitch;
47.2;W;Amir to Hussey, OUT gone! Great delivery from Aamer, that one exploded off the seam, cracked the gloves and looped tantalisingly towards Umar Akmal at second slip who reached forward and scooped a vital chance! What a breakthrough, Australia are -12 for 4, and surely, surely, Pakistan have to ... no ... I'm not even saying it;Michael Hussey c Umar Akmal b Mohammad Amir 8 (17m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
47.1;?;Amir to Hussey, no run outside off, doesn't swing much, but too wide to draw a stroke;
46.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run outside off, lifts off the seam from a tight line, but Clarke leaves alone well;
46.5;1;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, 1 run fuller length, but Hussey picks the gap in a one-day style, and keeps the scoreboard rotating;
46.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run outside off, left alone;
46.3;1;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 1 run worked into the midwicket region, and this time there is a single on offer;
46.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run an unconvincing drive, bobbles off an inside edge to midwicket. More late swing;
46.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run outswing from a good length, left alone outside off;
45.6;?;Amir to Hussey, no run rising delivery on off, Hussey defends out to point;
45.5;?;Amir to Hussey, no run outside off, no significant movement in either direction. Left alone;
45.4;2;Amir to Hussey, 2 runs misdirected, on the pads and clipped away. Fine leg swoops round to field;
45.3;4;Amir to Hussey, FOUR runs loose but safe. A poked drive through the vacancy at third man;
45.2;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run pushed into the gap in the covers, a quick single to bring up the 150;
45.1;4;Amir to Clarke, FOUR runs shot of the morning from Clarke. A compact punched drive, straight through the covers. Classy;
44.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run there's the one that held its line! Great bowling from Asif, Hussey was playing for the swing, and was rapped on the pads. Might have been slipping over, yes it was... but close!;
44.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run subtle outswing, going late from a tight line. Hussey watches well to drive to cover;
44.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run big stride forward, defended back down the wicket;
44.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run rising delivery, outside off, swinging away, no stroke again;
44.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run shoulders arms as the ball fizzes through to the keeper;
44.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Hussey, no run outswing to the left-hander, punched to backward point;
43.6;1;Amir to Hussey, 1 run a simple pat to midwicket to get Hussey off the mark. Australia trail by 25;
43.5;?;Amir to Hussey, no run inswing on a good length to the left-hander, dabbed out to point;
43.4;W;Amir to Ponting, OUT massive breakthrough! A booming outswinger, far too wide to be chasing, but Ponting has a slash, gets a faint nick, and Aamer has his man!;Ricky Ponting c ?Kamran Akmal b Mohammad Amir 66 (173m 116b 7x4 0x6) SR: 56.89;
43.3;1;Amir to Clarke, 1 run a wafty drive and an inside-edge, a bit streaky so far from Clarke who hasn't had much fun against the moving ball in this series;
43.2;?;Amir to Clarke, no run fizzing delivery outside off. Aamer's line is good this morning;
43.1;2;Amir to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke's first delivery of the day, and he squeezes an inswinger past short leg, in the air for a while, but safe in the end;
42.6;4;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, FOUR runs that was the one! Tight line on off stump, half a bat's width of swing, and a thick edge through the vacant third slip. Ponting escapes;
42.5;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run better from Asif, tighter line and shaping back towards the stumps. Blocked effectively out to point;
42.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run Asif hasn't got his line right just yet. That's well wide of off stump, and another welcome sighter for Ponting;
42.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run too wide so far from Asif, but the swing is good;
42.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run outside off, gentle swing away from the right-hander. No stroke;
42.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run big stride forward, and defended;
41.6;1;Amir to Ponting, 1 run stabbed into the midwicket region, and Ponting is off the mark for the day;
41.5;?;Amir to Ponting, no run another big stride and that raps the pad as Ponting leaves alone! Massive appeal, but there's no late bend back into the batsman, and that is dicey but safe for Ponting;
41.4;?;Amir to Ponting, no run big stride to the pitch of the ball, and a big leave to let it fizz past the off stump;
41.3;?;Amir to Ponting, no run stands tall on the back foot and defends back down into the crease;
41.2;?;Amir to Ponting, no run tight line again, no stroke offered once again. Some shape away from the right-hander, but nothing coming back in just yet;
41.1;?;Amir to Ponting, no run outside off, good line and length, angling across Ponting who leaves well alone;
40.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run and it's a gentle finish, outside off and left well alone;
40.5;1;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, 1 run Asif shoves this in shorter, but at his pace it would be difficult to surprise Ponting, instead it's pulled very firmly to deep square leg;
40.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run touch of inswing again, Ponting leaves again but this is honing in closer to the stumps;
40.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run this time it's well outside off stump, Ponting, in his exaggerated way, thrusts his front foot forward and leaves;
40.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, no run Asif deserves some reward here, nibbling this back into Ponting who drives, it comes off the inside edge and crashes into his inside-thigh;
40.1;1;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 1 run good from Asif, finding some indrift, skews off Clarke's inside edge and runs away for a single towards midwicket;
39.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run good ball to finish a good Kaneria over, bounce and turn and Ponting blocks;
39.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run good delivery this, dragging Ponting a touch wider, spinning away sharply, past the outside edge as Ponting stretches forward, Kamran whipped off the bails, but Ponting's back foot was grounded;
39.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run good ball here, touch of extra bounce and Ponting defends;
39.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run much wider of off stump and Ponting leaves alone;
39.2;1;Danish Kaneria to Clarke, 1 run nicely bowled from Kaneria, throwing it well up, Clarke skips down the track and pushes firmly towards mid on, Kaneria dives to intercept but palms it to the fielder;
39.1;1;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, 1 run just a touch short from Kaneria, putting skips back and clips it to cover for a single;
38.6;2;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 2 runs Clarke collects two here and runs are ticking along very nicely for Australia, that deficit is whittling away, nibbled in front of midwicket for a couple;
38.5;1;Mohammad Asif to Ponting, 1 run good running here, Ponting pushes a single into the leg side;
38.4;1;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, 1 run Clarke gets off strike by tapping this gently to mid off and scampering through for one;
38.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run this time it comes back a fraction at Clarke who full-faces a defensive push;
38.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run another huge, elongated appeal from Asif and the Pakistan fielders, but Rudi wants nothing to do with it. Looks like a good call from the umpire. Pitched and nipped away outside off, Clarke pushed at it and clipped his pad as he missed the ball, which would have created the sound, but the ball just missed the outside edge;
38.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run Asif continues and finds a good length and line, Clarke very solid in his defence;
37.6;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run another well-judged leave outside off stump to finish the over;
37.5;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run nicely bowled, touch of air, Ponting comfortably blocks;
37.4;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run once again Ponting is forward and defending;
37.3;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run not much spin in the pitch, it is only day 2 remember, Ponting pushes it to midwicket;
37.2;2;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, 2 runs nicely played, calm and comfortable, driven wide of long off for a couple;
37.1;?;Danish Kaneria to Ponting, no run Ponting watches this spin and bounce outside off stump;
36.6;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run massive appeal from Asif and the Pakistan fielders, but Rudi is having none of it. It swung back into Clarke and caught the flap of his front pad as he tried to defend, it hit in front but was comfortably clearing the stumps. Good over..;
36.5;4;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, FOUR runs Asif looks for a quicker, fuller ball to swing into the pads, but misdirects it a fraction - too full and too close to leg stump, whipped away through midwicket for four;
36.4;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run Clarke a touch more edgy now, defending in an exaggerated way, but solid enough, out to cover;
36.3;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run done him again! Asif has woken up. Full once more and jagging away, Clarke aimed a defensive prod and the ball whistled past the edge;
36.2;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run this time it comes back into Clarke, trapping him on the pad but it was sliding well past the leg stump. Touch of inside edge too. Fair to say not out. Bat pad would have been interested...;
36.1;?;Mohammad Asif to Clarke, no run where did this come from!? Cracking delivery, Asif suddenly gets on to nip away off the pitch and ghost past Clarke's defending outside edge;

The umpires had a wee meeting between overs, presumably to discuss the light, but Asif is free to continue. For now...
 Innings Start
Pakistan win by three wickets and level the series 1-1. Fabulous scenes, handshakes all round and Rudi, with a tear in his eye, picks up a stump and leads the players off the field. The Pakistan team give him a souvenir T-shirt which is a lovely touch. There is a lot to like about Salman Butt and he has a very gifted young side under him. Tough tour this for Ricky Ponting and Australia, they lost the one-day series to England, lost the Twenty20 to Pakistan in his absence and could not beat Pakistan in the Tests.
Paul Allott leads the presentation ceremony which begins, fittingly, with a special presentation to Rudi Koertzen - a sculpture depicting Rudi with his infamous 'slow death' dismissal.
One again there are two men of the match. Which is odd, this spirit of cricket lark has gone too far you'd think. Shane Watson is named Australia's man of the match, for his bowling, which, though laughable, has been very good all Test. The Pakistan man of the match is Mohammad Aamer, now he can bowl. In a brief interview he says, "when I smile it gives me confidence." That's the spirit of cricket.
Ricky Ponting, somewhat predictably says he wouldn't have batted first if he knew the wicket would have done so much on the first day and congratulates Pakistan for their tense win. Tantalisingly, he says if he can keep scoring runs, he might return to England in the future.
Salman Butt thanks the crowd, his young side and all the supporters back home who haven't had the chance to see the team. He says that if this young side can perform like this under these conditions they could go on to become world beaters. He might be right as well. I'll say it again, Salman Butt is an awfully suave fellow - reminiscent, actually, of a certain Imran Khan.
Hugely entertaining match which finished with a hugely entertaining morning, to try and get a flavour of it all check out Andrew Miller's bulletin. That will be all from me today, Pakistan are back in action soon, beginning their four-Test series against England at Trent Bridge on Thursday, so I hope you'll join us then. If this game was anything to go by, it will be an absolute cracker.
50.4;1;Johnson to Umar Gul, 1 run That's it! Gul finishes it in style! Famous victory for Pakistan and boy have they made their fans work hard this morning. Gul finally ends the torture, crashing a full-blooded drive through covers and jumping in the air to celebrate!;
50.3;W;Johnson to Kamran, OUT what a catch! Top stuff from Hussey, he caught this one cleanly! Full and wide from Johnson, Kamran through he had crashed the winning runs but Hussey diving full length to his left at gully plucked it out of the air;Kamran Akmal c Hussey b Johnson 13 (31m 26b 3x4 0x6) SR: 50;
50.2;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run still they wait! Beaten outside off stump!;
50.1;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run not quite time for Kamran yet, working this off his pads to midwicket;
49.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run three in a row! Hilfenhaus will be damned if the winning runs come off his bowling, dug in short once more and Aamer ducks;
49.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run once again it's short and Aamer tucks underneath it again;
49.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run much shorter, fully fledged bouncer from Hilfenhaus, Aamer ducks;
49.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Amir, FOUR runs four! Not at all convincing but the scores are level! A touch shorter from Hilfenhaus, Aamer tried to drive but it found the edge and went past the slips down to third man;
49.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run touch too wide of off stump this time, Aamer gleefully shoulders arms;
49.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run Hilfenhaus round the wicket to Aamer, who is camped on the front foot and is beaten outside off stump, the ball moved away from the left hander this time. Australia, somehow, keep fighting;
48.6;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run full from Johnson once more, Kamran drives firmly but it's fielded smartly in the covers;
48.5;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run great bowling! Almost got rid of him again this time! It was on a length, jagged away and bounced beating Kamran all ends up. Good ball from Johnson, but is it too late?;
48.4;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run Kamran gone now - or has he!? The drama continues! It was a touch short and wide, Kamran crashed it to gully where Hussey looked like he took a very good low catch. Kamran feels the ball may have reached Hussey on the half-volley, Hussey felt the catch was clean, and the TV replay, as always in these circumstances, is inconclusive. There is nothing really the third umpire can tell from the replay and Hussey and the benifit has gone to Kamran;
48.3;?;Johnson to Kamran, no run Johnson fires it full and a touch wide, Kamran tries to squeeze a drive away but can't time it and it tickles to cover;
48.2;1;Johnson to Amir, 1 run full again from Johnson, Aamer leans forward into a defensive prod and scampers a swift single. 5 to go...;
48.1;?;Johnson to Amir, no run good start from Johnson, full and straight, Aamer is set up for the full ball, hanging on the front foot and defending;
47.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, FOUR runs shot! Top shot, excellent stuff from Kamran, it wasn't a bad ball but he got up to his toes and punched it through squarish cover for a boundary. Just one strike away now for Pakistan!;
47.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run good cricket from Kamran, firmly and resolutely defending from off stump, looks comfortable there;
47.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run fuller this time from Hilfenhaus and angled into the pads, Kamran clips it firmly but straight to the man at mid on;
47.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run good ball here, Kamran defends with bat well away from body outside off;
47.2;4;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, FOUR runs four desperately valuable and streaky runs! Fullish once more, swinging away and finding a thickish edge that runs between the second slip and the floating gully for a boundary;
47.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run Hilfenhaus has found good movement all morning, shaping it away from the right handers, here it's fullish and the movement drags Akmal into a defence well wide of off stump;
46.6;?;Bollinger to Amir, no run Aamer gets a yorker first up and manages to get his entire being behind it, crouching very low to jab it out into the off side;
46.5;1lb;Bollinger to Kamran, 1 leg bye Bollinger round the wicket and angling into the pads, Akmal tries to work it to leg, misses and it thuds off the pads for a single;
46.4;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run Kamran looks, dare I say it, quite calm out there, he leaves this alone outside off;
46.3;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run Bollinger building up good pace here, good line too on off stump, Kamran defends;
46.2;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run beaten this time! Full outside off, Kamran tried to repeat the cover drive but could only swish at thin air;
46.1;4;Bollinger to Kamran, FOUR runs shot! Precious, precious runs from Kamran. It's all up to him now, fullish from Bollinger and Kamran leant purposefully into a crisp drive, sending it firmly through cover for four;
45.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run Aamer, so instinctive with the ball, looks very nervous indeed with the bat, crouching forward into a defensive prod;
45.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Amir, no run ooh good ball first up, swinging back into the left hander, Aamer played around his front pad and clipped it to short leg;
45.4;W;Hilfenhaus to Malik, OUT Malik has gone! Great catch from North! Oh dear, this game refuses to die! Hilfenhaus went full, Malik crashed it towards cover and North held on to a tough chance, close in at extra cover;Shoaib Malik c North b Hilfenhaus 10 (46m 24b 0x4 0x6) SR: 41.66;
45.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, 1 run Kamran is away now, working it to square leg for a single;
45.2;3;Hilfenhaus to Malik, 3 runs this will do nicely for Pakistan, overpitched from Hilfenhaus, Malik clipped it away towards square leg where Bollinger ran and tumbled with absolutely no grace at all to complete a good save on the boundary;
45.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run good intent from Malik but it's smartly fielded but North at short cover, pressure building on Pakistan, it was hit firmly too;
44.6;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run Bollinger has found much better rhythm late last night and this morning, this is slanted across the right hander and left alone;
44.5;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run appeal from Bollinger again, and this is ambitious. It pitched a long away outside leg stump;
44.4;1;Bollinger to Malik, 1 run gets a single this time, worked towards midwicket and they scamper a desperate one;
44.3;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run this time Malik is more secure on the drive, firmly to mid off;
44.2;2;Bollinger to Malik, 2 runs edged and dropped! Full and swinging away from Bollinger, Clarke at second slip dived to his right, one-handed but couldn't quite cling on to the chance. Massive chance, why no third slip!?;
44.1;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run Bollinger back round the wicket, looking to repeat the delivery that got Ali, this time it's too far outside off though and Malik shoulders arms;
43.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Malik, 1 run much better intent from Malik, a hint of conviction here, he steps down the wicket and drives, without much timing, towards mid off to collect a swift single;
43.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run this time Malik is more secure, blocking to mid on, but still no run;
43.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run ooh, nervy from Malik, it was outside off again, he thought about a shot and then pulled out at the last minute;
43.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run another sighter for Malik, outside off stump he gets to leave alone;
43.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run Hilfenhaus back on to a length and line and Malik defends;
43.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Malik, no run bounce from Hilfenhaus, not particularly well directed, heading well down the leg side and Paine held an excellent leaping take;
42.6;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run another big appeal from the bowler but once again Rudi has none of it. Full and crashing into Kamran's pads but from over the wicket it pitched outside leg;
42.5;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run big appeal from Bollinger, not much from anyone else and Rudi is into the action, deciding rightly that it's not out. It was thrown up full outside off stump, Kamran tried to squeeze it away and missed;
42.4;?;Bollinger to Kamran, no run Kamran is fully behind this, defending with a full face off the back foot;
42.3;3;Bollinger to Malik, 3 runs good running, good cricket for Pakistan, that will help the nerves. A touch overpitched from Bollinger and clipped firmly in front of midwicket, Kamran ran the third very swiftly;
42.2;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run this time it's outside off and left alone, where will the next run come from?;
42.1;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run Bollinger continues from round the wicket and from the body language you'd think Australia are all over this game, they look bullish and busy, the batsman look terrified! Here Malik stands from the crease and jabs a defence to cover;
41.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run wicket maiden, top over from Hilfenhaus. Finishes with another good delivery jagging away from off stump, Kamran defends uneasily. Nervous times...;
41.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Kamran, no run Kamran gets a sighter first up, shouldering arms outside off;
41.4;W;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, OUT Umar gone! Hilfenhaus strikes and now Australia are really interested! Umar has looked nervy all morning, not his usual swashbucking self at all, his feet have been stuck, he's pushed at the ball and that has proved his undoing here. Fullish length from Hilfenhaus, shaping away and Umar prodded an edge through to Paine;Umar Akmal c ?Paine b Hilfenhaus 8 (26m 22b 1x4 0x6) SR: 36.36;
41.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run beaten! That's the length, fuller and beating Umar's outside edge as he tentatively got forward to defend;
41.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run solidly behind this one, a fraction too short from the bowler;
41.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run good stuff from Hilfenhaus, continuing to find enough away movement to make life difficult, Umar defends;
40.6;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run more comfortable for the batsman here, solidly blocked back to the bowler to finish a probing maiden over;
40.5;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run good bowling from Bollinger, giving nothing away, attacking the stumps, this keeps a little low and Malik jabs a bat down on it in a hurry;
40.4;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run more solid this time from the batsman, full facing to mid on. Runs hard to come by this morning;
40.3;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run beaten! Good delivery once more, pitching and leaving Malik, beating his outside edge and bouncing through to Paine;
40.2;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run good delivery, angling in and swinging away a fraction, Malik defends uncomfortably;
40.1;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run this won't interest anyone, not batsman, bowler or Ricky Ponting, shoved well wide of off stump;
39.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs streaky! Umar gets four with a thick edge that runs along the ground through where a third slip might have been. Not convincing from Umar but 30 more to go for Pakistan...;
39.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run short square leg in place now, Umar is gently forward and defending uneasily;
39.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run Umar is just stuck on his crease a fraction, nerves are adding lead to his feet and he blocks carefully;
39.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run nothing fancy from Umar, leaning forward and getting everything behind a forward defence;
39.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run Umar has a massive job to do, there is not all that much batting to come, and he looks like he's up for a fight, defending resolutely;
39.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run good stuff from Hilfenhaus, on a length moving away a fraction from an off stump line and defended;
38.6;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run not a great delivery this, full and wide again, but Malik is a touch tentative and prods it to cover;
38.5;?;Bollinger to Malik, no run first ball to the new man is shoved well wide of off and Malik gets to leave;
38.4;W;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, OUT he's gone now! Bollinger has another! It pitched on a length, moved away a fraction, Ali had a nibble outside off stump and feathered an edge through to Paine. Well, well, well...;Azhar Ali c ?Paine b Bollinger 51 (146m 108b 6x4 0x6) SR: 47.22;
38.3;4;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs fifty for Ali! Huge innings under pressure and he's got there in style, driving a wide full toss through the covers for four;
38.2;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run this time Bollinger is bang on a length and line and Ali, who has been calm throughout the series and especially this innings, pats it back to the bowler;
38.1;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run not a great start from the bowler, pushed too far wide of off stump, Ali happily gets a sighter;
37.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run the over ends more securely for Umar, defending back up the pitch;
37.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, 2 runs first runs of the day, but it wasn't all that secure, a tentative push through point off the back foot;
37.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run this time he's more solidly behind it, patting back to the bowler;
37.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run good start from Hilfenhaus, Umar very jittery, for once, he tried to leave and the ball cannoned off his bat as he shouldered arms;
37.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run plenty of chat from the Aussie fielders and why not? This is full and swinging away, Umar looks a touch nervy and inside edges a prod outside off stump;
37.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Umar Akmal, no run three slips and two short extra covers lurk, Hilfenhaus starts with a gentle outswinger outside off stump that Akmal leaves alone, tidy start;
36.6;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery, just outside off stump, angling it, but gleefully left alone and that's it for the day.;
36.5;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery, pitching and nipping away a fraction, Bollinger has suddenly found a rhythm, Ali defends it to point via a thickish edge;
36.4;1;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, 1 run Bollinger switches round the wicket and angles one into Umar's pads, he clips it towards midwicket and scampers a welcome single;
36.3;?;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, no run Bollinger really steaming in, red faced and dripping in sweat, lands it full and straight and Umar defends to point;
36.2;?;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, no run angled too far across the right hander from Bollinger, Umar leaves it alone studiously;
36.1;?;Bollinger to Umar Akmal, no run Umar normally fancies a go at the bowlers but here he is quietly forward and defending. Important innings for him this;
35.6;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run Pakistan shutting up shop here before the close, carefully patted away off the front foot;
35.5;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run fuller this time, some flight too but still dead-batted defence from Ali;
35.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run Smith has rendered Ali shotless at the moment, defended;
35.3;1;Smith to Umar Akmal, 1 run fuller this time and stroked carefully down the ground for a single to get off the mark;
35.2;?;Smith to Umar Akmal, no run Umar needs to keep his head here, Smith tempts him with a flighted ball that he defends;
35.1;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run Al has strike and it's worked away for a single;
34.6;W;Bollinger to Umar Amin, OUT Bollinger has done it! Hold your breath folks, this could get tense again! Umar Amin had an aimless fiddle outside off, only succeeded in feathering a catch behind;Umar Amin c ?Paine b Bollinger 0 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
34.5;?;Bollinger to Umar Amin, no run here it's carefully defended;
34.4;?;Bollinger to Umar Amin, no run shorter this time, pretty quick too but Amin ducks, leaving his bat tantalisingly upright again, just like his first innings dismissal;
34.3;?;Bollinger to Umar Amin, no run full toss, Bollinger looking to repeat the yorker that removed Farhat, it's blocked firmly to mid off;
34.2;?;Bollinger to Umar Amin, no run closer to the stumps this time and Amin blocks;
34.1;?;Bollinger to Umar Amin, no run Bollinger produced one but he probably needs a couple more swiftly, this is outside off and left alone;
33.6;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run good over ends with a defence;
33.5;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run once more there is nothing on offer for Ali and he defends carefully;
33.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run nicely flighted once more and poked back down the pitch;
33.3;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run Smith is enjoying himself against Ali, flight and dip and defended;
33.2;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run Ali forward and defending;
33.1;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run calmly blocked away;
32.6;W;Bollinger to Farhat, OUT yorked him! Farhat goes as he plays over the top of an excellent inswinging delivery that cracks the base of off stump. Is there a twist in the tail to come?;Imran Farhat b Bollinger 67 (146m 95b 9x4 0x6) SR: 70.52;
32.5;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run pitched up on a good length, just outside off and left alone;
32.4;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run;
32.3;4;Bollinger to Farhat, FOUR runs lovely shot, short and wide and asking to be hit but Farhat thumped it through point imperiously;
32.2;1;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 1 run plenty of action here, not sure what exactly, it was stroked behind point on the off side, the batsmen got mixed up with their single, sharp fielding and the throw narrowly misses the stumps, almost went for overthrows but Katich backed up very swiftly;
32.1;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run decent start from big Doug, full and on off stump, driven carefully to point;
31.6;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run gentle full toss but Ali is a touch tentative against Smith and picks out mid on with a clip, Hilfenhaus, the fielder there, makes a hash of a regulation stop but it won't cost anything;
31.5;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run quicker ball from Smith, outside off stump and left all alone;
31.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run this time Ali finds short extra with a gentle push;
31.3;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run once again cover in in business, fielding a well-timed drive;
31.2;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run nicely bowled, flighted up around off stump and driven to cover, the fielder has rightly come up from the boundary;
31.1;3;Smith to Farhat, 3 runs full toss floated up wide outside off, Farhat tries to overhit it a fraction so mistimes his drive but still collects three to deep point;
30.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery, on off stump, angling across the right hander, defended towards point;
30.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run and again it's too far outside off to draw a shot from Ali;
30.4;2;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 2 runs nicely done from Ali, nothing flamboyant, just working within his limitations, nurdling it with soft hands towards square leg;
30.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run this time it's pushed too far across the batsman and he leaves alone;
30.2;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run Johnson bowls to his field here, drawing a drive from Ali and it goes to one of the cover fielders;
30.1;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run slung wide of off stump from over the wicket, Ali leaves well alone;
29.6;2;Smith to Farhat, 2 runs Farhat finishes a productive over by stroking another single away;
29.5;2;Smith to Farhat, 2 runs cripes! Farhat has seen enough and tries to mow a length ball over cow corner, doesn't time it but it loops into space and he collects a couple;
29.4;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run and another run, stroked through cover;
29.3;1;Smith to Farhat, 1 run good from Farhat, keeping the strike ticking over by dinking this towards midwicket for a single;
29.2;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run touch short from Smith, allows Ali to rock back and cut firmly to deep point;
29.1;1;Smith to Farhat, 1 run nothing for him on this delivery, shortish and worked away to midwicket for a single;
28.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run touch of swing, nothing dramatic but enough to keep Johnson interested, it's full inviting another drive, which the fielder at extra cover does well to stop;
28.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run driving length again offered by Johnson, but the shot finds cover;
28.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run this time it's close enough to draw a shot from Ali, but it's a firm defensive shot;
28.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run better delivery from Johnson, switching back to over the wicket, Ali leaves it alone with the angle;
28.2;4;Johnson to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs full and wide, this time close enough to invite a drive from Ali, who does so in style, crunching it past cover for four more;
28.1;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run slung up wide of off stump, Ali has better things to do than play out there;
27.6;2;Smith to Farhat, 2 runs nicely done here from Farhat, it was a touch short and rather than pull he whipped it away firmly, wide of the sweeper on the midwicket boundary, who had to slide well to keep it to two;
27.5;?;Smith to Farhat, no run flighted wide of off stump, lures Farhat into a firm slap, but straight to extra cover;
27.4;?;Smith to Farhat, no run this one turns a fraction more, Farhat pads it away;
27.3;?;Smith to Farhat, no run not a lot of life in the surface for Smith, Farhat defends easily;
27.2;?;Smith to Farhat, no run Farhat lunges forward and defends under his eyes;
27.1;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run nicely flighted from Smith but Ali squeezes it out to deep cover and collects a single. He's struggled against Smith a bit, Ponting would have been better off having the man up saving one;
26.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run floated up full and wide outside off, not particularly threatening and left alone;
26.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run fuller ball meets an even fuller face, carefully pushed to mid on;
26.4;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run better from the bowler this time but calmly defended;
26.3;4;Johnson to Farhat, FOUR runs Farhat reaches a crucial fifty in style, cutting a short and wide piece of junk from Johnson firmly past point for a boundary. What an innings it's been but he still has a way to go;
26.2;1;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 1 run leg-sided enough to allow an easy clip round the corner;
26.1;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run good stuff from Johnson, pacey and accurate, Ali defends off the back foot;
25.6;?;Smith to Farhat, no run Smith switches to round the wicket to Farhat, lands it a touch short and it's whipped to short leg;
25.5;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run a run, a pressure-easing run, poked into the midwicket area for a single;
25.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run another dot ball as Ali leans forward and prods a defensive shot;
25.3;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run full toss but the defensive mode has taken over and Ali can't do anything with it;
25.2;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run oooh, touch nervy here, it was a bit short and Ali tried to force it away but only found an inside edge;
25.1;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run decent pressure being built here, Smith accurate and Ali resolute;
24.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run maiden over, the second on the bounce. Johnson finds a good line and length, Farhat defends;
24.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run Farhat just tightening up as he approaches his half-century, defending resolutely;
24.4;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run Johnson's string of good deliveries continue and Farhat can do nothing but block;
24.3;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run once more Johnson finds a good length and line but also finds the middle of a Farhat defensive bat again;
24.2;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run pretty good again from the bowler, a touch fuller perhaps, patted away to mid on;
24.1;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run Johnson finds a good line, a good length to boot, very neatly defended off the front foot to mid off. Johnson needs to hold it there for a while;
23.6;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run maiden over ends much as it begun, with Ali carefully defending;
23.5;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run Smith is accurate, not great amounts of spin for him, but giving nothing away;
23.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery this, just drifted in a touch, but Ali is remarkably calm in defence;
23.3;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run slightly fuller from Smith, it's squeezed out to mid on;
23.2;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run another big stride forward to smother any potential turn;
23.1;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run good delivery, well flighted but Ali stretches forward and defends under his eyes;
22.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run this time it's outside off and left well alone. Johnson's woes continue really, he's bowled dreadfully today;
22.5;4;Johnson to Farhat, FOUR runs very pleasant indeed, from the batsman, not Johnson, who dished up a long half-volley that Farhat languidly stroked through cover for four;
22.4;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run slung in short from Johnson, and a touch wide of off again, happily left alone;
22.3;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run outside off stump, Farhat leaves alone;
22.2;1;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 1 run nicely done from Ali, driving calmly through cover, all along the ground, to the fielder in the deep;
22.1;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run not a great start to the new spell, speared towards the legs, but the flick finds the fielder at square leg;
21.6;2;Watson to Farhat, 2 runs cracking stroke, outside off, using the width to help it through point with a lot of bottom hand. Doesn't quite reach the boundary, but it's a safely struck run-scoring shot;
21.5;?;Watson to Farhat, no run fired across the left-hander this time, well wide of off stump;
21.4;2lb;Watson to Farhat, 2 leg byes oh dear, Watson's left-hander blues strike again. These are freebies;
21.3;?;Watson to Farhat, no run outside off, and deliberately sliced into the gully. Well intercepted;
21.2;1;Watson to Azhar Ali, 1 run on the hip, tucked to square leg. This game is drifting away from Australia now;
21.1;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, innocuous delivery, and left alone;
20.6;?;Smith to Farhat, no run big stride forward to block with a leather-sniffing crouch outside off;
20.5;?;Smith to Farhat, no run three in three. Farhat isn't afraid to slap against the spin;
20.4;?;Smith to Farhat, no run and again, targetting the off side but hitting the field;
20.3;?;Smith to Farhat, no run slapped out to cover, energetic blow for no runs;
20.2;1;Smith to Azhar Ali, 1 run jabbed out to midwicket, peculiar calling nearly costs a wicket there. A run out wouldn't be ideal for Pakistan right now;
20.1;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run good line and length;
19.6;4;Watson to Farhat, FOUR runs that's shoddy from Australia's bowler of the series. On the pads, swinging gently down the leg-side, like a pair of lovers sculling down the Thames ...;
19.5;4;Watson to Farhat, FOUR runs wrong and wrong again from Watson. He's not got it right to the left-handers and that was a gimme through fine leg;
19.4;?;Watson to Farhat, no run that's the line and length. On off stump, bending back to attack the top of the timber. Defended;
19.3;?;Watson to Farhat, no run down the leg side. Swing, but misdirected;
19.2;2;Watson to Farhat, 2 runs on the pads, shaping further to leg, helped on its way;
19.1;?;Watson to Farhat, no run good taxing line, late swing back into the pads;
18.6;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run and again, poked out to gully. That's not a bad first over at all, in the circumstances;
18.5;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run teasing length, drawing the batsman forward;
18.4;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run good riposte. Sharp turn and Paine whips off the bails for good measure;
18.3;4;Smith to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs great delivery, turn and bounce and Ali is lured into a poke. But Hilfenhaus at fine leg makes a total horlicks of a regulation stop. Not ideal;
18.2;?;Smith to Azhar Ali, no run looped up towards middle-and-leg, good pace on the delivery, tapped back to the bowler;
18.1;1;Smith to Farhat, 1 run on the pads, zipping through low, and clipped late to square leg;
17.6;1;Watson to Farhat, 1 run again Watson shapes one down the leg side, this time Farhat flicks straight to the fine leg fielder;
17.5;2;Watson to Farhat, 2 runs full, swinging leg-stump half-volley, and Farhat glances down wide of fine leg;
17.4;1;Watson to Azhar Ali, 1 run Watson slips onto the pads and is firmly flicked down to Johnson at fine leg;
17.3;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run closer to the stumps this time, and tapped softly to mid-off;
17.2;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run Watson is starting to find some away shape now, floating up a tempting wide outswinging half-volley that Ali sensibly leaves alone;
17.1;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run on a length, wide of off though and left alone;
16.6;2;Johnson to Farhat, 2 runs leg-stump half-volley now, and Farhat glances down to fine leg;
16.5;4;Johnson to Farhat, FOUR runs and this just sums up Johnson's effort. Great start to the over, a couple of accurate deliveries, and then a short, wide 'hit me' delivery outside off. Farhat accepts the gift gleefully to pick up four behind point;
16.4;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run accurate again from Johnson, zoning in on off stump to draw another defensive push from Farhat;
16.3;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run on a length just outside off, and Farhat defends cautiously to cover;
16.2;2;Johnson to Farhat, 2 runs punched through cover, he didn't get all of this so just the two;
16.1;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run good start after the break from Johnson! He actually found some swing as well, bending the ball away through the air to beat Farhat's airy swish outside off;
15.6;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run indecision from Ali! He could have left this - he should have left it - but just hung his bat out at a ball outside off. He tried to pull the bat out of the way at the last moment, but the ball was already upon him, taking the bottom edge and bouncing through to the 'keeper;
15.5;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run width outside off stump again, this time Ali tries to lace him through the covers but picks out the extra cover fielder;
15.4;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run wide of off stump, easily left alone by Ali;
15.3;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run Watson seemed to put more effort into this ball, and he manages to extract some bounce and movement off the pitch to beat Ali's attempted nudge to leg and strike him on the thigh pad;
15.2;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run punched to point on the up;
15.1;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run on a length, just a hint of shape away from the bat and defended back to the bowler;
14.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run long half-volley on leg stump, Farhat is almost yorked as he toe-ends a clip to midwicket;
14.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run full of length and straight at off stump, no movement through the air or off the pitch but it's a tight line and Farhat can only defend;
14.4;1;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 1 run that's better, on a length and closer to off stump. He just rolled the fingers over this one too, but couldn't get the ball to cut away much from the bat;
14.3;4;Johnson to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs short and wide outside off this time, and slapped enthusiastically through cover point by Ali! Johnson is all over the place, no two ball landing on the same spot and he's been punished outside off stump this time;
14.2;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run worked off the hip through midwicket again, this time Katich sprints round and cuts it off;
14.1;2;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 2 runs pacy, and just short of a good length on off stump. Ali gets across to off and aims a bottom-handed shovel through midwicket;
13.6;?;Watson to Farhat, no run pushed wide of off again, and Farhat leaves for the third time;
13.5;?;Watson to Farhat, no run on a length on off stump, Farhat defends back to the bowler.;
13.4;?;Watson to Farhat, no run fuller, but again well wide of off stump and Farhat lets this one go as well;
13.3;?;Watson to Farhat, no run tempting ball, short and wide outside off, but Farhat will just have a look before he plays any shots and lets this one go past unmolested;
13.2;1;Watson to Azhar Ali, 1 run Watson lumbers to the crease - not quite warmed up yet - and fires this one at middle and leg, and is clipped to midwicket;
13.1;?;Watson to Azhar Ali, no run gentle stuff from Watto to start, landing one on a length outside off. Ali gets back and across and punches to extra cover;
12.6;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run full on off stump and driven to mid-off;
12.5;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run erratic stuff from Johnson, as this one is arrowed down the leg side. Farhat can't get bat on it though;
12.4;4;Johnson to Farhat, FOUR runs short and wide of off, Farhat flings the bat at it and shovels up and over gully and down to third man. Bad ball, and he didn't bother trying to keep it down at all.;
12.3;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run speared down the leg side, the ball flicks the pad on the way through to Paine to get the slips interested, but that's hit pad and nothing else;
12.2;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run fuller and straighter, Farhat sets himself for the bludgeon through midwicket but toe-ends to mid-on;
12.1;?;Johnson to Farhat, no run slung down on a length just outside off, Farhat dinks to extra cover;
11.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs down the leg side, Ali gets a little tickle on the ball to send it very fine down to fine leg;
11.5;2;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 runs full and swinging in to the pads, Ali glances through midwicket;
11.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run bouncer from Hilfenhaus, Ali ducks underneath it.;
11.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 1 run on the hip, nudged behind square on the leg side for a single;
11.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run again Hilfenhaus pushes one across him with the angle, not swinging it back in, but this time Farhat fishes at the ball as it passes him;
11.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run just short of a length, this one holds its line after pitching and Farhat whips his bat inside the line as the ball gets to him;
10.6;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run on a length, landing just outside off and going away with the angle. Ali leaves;
10.5;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run full and slapped hard down the wicket again, this time closer to Johnson, who bends over in his follow-through and gets half a hand on the ball to negate any runs;
10.4;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run full, and drilled to mid-on;
10.4;1nb;Johnson to Azhar Ali, (no ball) on a length on off stump, Ali defends under his eyes from the crease. Johnson hasn't quite sorted his run-up out, and this is a no-ball...;
10.3;?;Johnson to Azhar Ali, no run hurled wide of off stump, Ali watches it closely and raises his bat to leave;
10.2;2;Johnson to Azhar Ali, 2 runs on the pads, no swing for Johnson and Ali flicks him firmly through midwicket for a couple;
10.1;1;Johnson to Farhat, 1 run full on off stump to start, Farhat dinks to cover and is immediately called through for a quick single;
9.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run punched rather more firmly to cover this time, but again he picks out the fielder;
9.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run tapped to cover off the back foot;
9.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run bouncer on middle and off from Hilfenhaus, no great pace but it's enough to have Ali ducking quickly underneath;
9.3;2lb;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 leg byes leg-side again from Hilfenhaus, this was much fuller but Ali couldn't connect with the leg glance. Leg byes the result;
9.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run this one didn't swing for Hilfenhaus, and so goes down past leg stump;
9.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run testing length on off stump, Ali props half forward and defends, the ball squirts off the inside edge into the leg side;
8.6;3;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, 3 runs full on middle and off, this could have been driven through the covers but Ali whips it through wide mid on with plenty of bottom hand instead. Ponting dives across from straight midwicket, but can't quite cut it off;
8.5;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run another short ball, on off stump this time and Ali weaves out of the way again;
8.4;?;Bollinger to Azhar Ali, no run bouncer from Bollinger! Ali ducks well underneath it, but the pitch is really rather slow and the ball loops gently to Paine;
8.3;1;Bollinger to Farhat, 1 run good length from Bollinger, but Farhat responds with some intelligent batting, getting forward and tapping the ball softly into space between cover and point and taking a quick single;
8.2;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run Bollinger aims for the yorker but the ball slips wide of off stump and Farhat digs it out to cover;
8.1;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run back of a length and coming in to the left-hander, Farhat nudges to midwicket;
7.6;2;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, 2 runs straighter this time, and Ali finally beats the field as he works off his pads through square leg;
7.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run only three people involved in this game at the moment, as Hilfenhaus pitches it up outside off again and Ali drives to Johnson;
7.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run Johnson leaps the other way this time, diving to his left to cut off another well-struck drive from Ali;
7.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run full on off stump, Ali hammers a drive towards mid-off, where Johnson does well to cut it off tumbling to his right;
7.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run on a length, curving away through the air and Ali whips his bat out of the way to leave;
7.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run back of a length outside off, shaping away from the bat. Ali probably thought it was shorter than it was, as he buckled the knees and swayed out of the way;
6.6;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run full and wide outside off, the ball comes in off the seam but not enough to endanger Farhat's stumps as he raises his bat to leave. Well-judged;
6.5;2;Bollinger to Farhat, 2 runs Bollingers strays down leg again, this time Farhat lays bat on it and Hilfenhaus has to charge round at fine leg to cut it off. Some hard running fetches the batsman two runs;
6.4;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run tight line and length, Farhat defends back to the bowler;
6.3;2;Bollinger to Farhat, 2 runs nice shot, Bollinger fires one full and straight and Farhat drives well down the ground. He didn't try to hit it too hard, just playing the ball back with the full face of the bat;
6.2;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run beaten outside off! Great length, he drew Farhat forward outside off and then beat his defensive prod with some movement away off the wicket;
6.1;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run just short of a good length, angling down the leg side but Farhat can't get it away and the ball rolls to short fine leg off the thigh pad;
5.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run and he does, landing one on middle and leg and bending it towards off stump through the air. Ali defends back to the bowler;
5.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run outside off, again left alone;
5.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run Hilfenhaus pulls the length back but the line is outside off and Ali shoulders arms again;
5.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, FOUR runs Ali calmly gets off the mark with a chopped square drive down to third man. The ball was really full, a yorker but well wide of off stump and he jammed down at it, angling the bat to get it between gully and the slips, all along the ground;
5.3;1nb;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, (no ball) Hilfenhaus over-steps now, and that's another to the extras column;
5.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Azhar Ali, no run full, wide of off and swinging further away. Left alone;
5.1;W;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, OUT Butt's nervy innings comes to a swift end! Hilfenhaus gets the breakthrough Australia needed! A man was positioned at short midwicket, no doubt to make Butt think the full inswinger was coming. But Hilfenhaus landed it on a length and moved the ball away from him through the air and off the pitch, taking a thick edge which flew straight to Michael Clarke at a wide second slip. No mistake from him, and this match is really alive now;Salman Butt c Clarke b Hilfenhaus 13 (22m 16b 2x4 0x6) SR: 81.25;
4.6;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run full, swinging half-volley outside off, and Farhat wisely lets it go. That was too wide and moving too much for him to be able to control the shot;
4.5;1;Bollinger to Salman Butt, 1 run just outside off, guided down towards gully;
4.4;1;Bollinger to Farhat, 1 run tight single! That really wasn't great running, just tapped to leg again and Butt called immediately for the single. But it was never on, the fielder charged in and hurled a shy at the stumps. If it had hit, Butt was a metre short;
4.3;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run on a length and nipping in off the seam, tucked to midwicket;
4.2;4;Bollinger to Farhat, FOUR runs Farhat, though he's already given a chance off this bowler, is looking good here! Bollinger over-pitches outside off and Farhat leans into another cracking cover drive, picking the gap to perfection and sending the ball racing away over the outfield;
4.2;2nb;Bollinger to Salman Butt, (no ball) 1 run I'm not sure who's more jittery, batsman or bowler? Butt flaps uncertainly outside off to another Bollinger no-ball, and he'll be happy to pick up a single and take some time to settle at the other end;
4.1;?;Bollinger to Salman Butt, no run back of a length outside off, Butt aims a meaty swipe through leg but the ball shoots past the under edge and through to the keeper;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run full and hooping swing in to the left-hander, who drives optimistically to mid-on. That could have sneaked through quite easily...;
3.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run full on off stump, solidly defended to cover, a resounding crack off the bat as it connects with the ball;
3.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, 1 run slightly straighter, nudged into space for a quick single;
3.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run landing on a length on middle and off, this one moves away slightly after pitching to have Butt in a bit of a muddle, but he defends to cover once again;
3.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run full again, defended to off;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run yorker outside off, Butt jams his bat down but the ball slips underneath it on the way through to Paine. Nowhere near the stumps though;
2.6;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run Bollinger, who must've been livid with that lapse, maintains his composure to stick to line and length on off stump, and Farhat carefully defends;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run dropped! Watson at first slip fluffs a regulation chance! Bollinger found some extra bounce outside off with the hard new ball, the ball flew very fast off the shoulder edge of Farhat's bat towards the slips. Watto appeared to pick it up quite late, grabbing at the ball as it got to him. The chance went straight in and out. What a start that would've been for Australia!;
2.4;1;Bollinger to Salman Butt, 1 run short on off stump, Butt hops back quickly into a swivel pull but the ball rushes on to him and he can only find a single to midwicket;
2.3;?;Bollinger to Salman Butt, no run an uneventful delivery to follow up, Bollinger finding a length on off and Butt defending back down the track;
2.2;4;Bollinger to Salman Butt, FOUR runs well, some frenetic play from both teams at the moment. Bollinger is really straining as he runs in, and Butt is playing some nervous looking shots. Again he squirts the ball through gully, just beating the field and picking up another four;
2.2;1nb;Bollinger to Salman Butt, (no ball) Bollinger jags one the other way off the seam now, striking Butt high on the pad. But he's over-stepped and that's another no-ball!;
2.1;4;Bollinger to Salman Butt, FOUR runs edgy stroke! Bollinger found the outer half of Butt's bat, but the batsman plays with soft hands and the ball heads down, beating the diving gully and rolling to third man for four. He wasn't really in control of the stroke though...;
1.6;2lb;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, 2 leg byes there's some swing! But it starts going from a leg stump line, and so swerves towards the pads. Farhat can't lay bat on it but they pick up a couple of leg byes;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run full and straight, and again it's met with a tight forward defensive;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Farhat, no run unexpectedly, Farhat appears the more at ease of the two openers so far as he pushes assuredly forward into a solid defensive stroke;
1.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, 1 run nervous poke from Butt! That was a nothing shot really, he just hung his bat out at a full wide one and sent the ball in the air through gully and down to third man. No-one there to catch it though...;
1.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run it's often been said that Hilfenhaus prefers bowling to right-handers, and as an outswing bowler it's easy to see why. Again he hits a harmless length way outside off and Butt leaves well alone;
1.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Salman Butt, no run a bit of a loosener to start. Hilfenhaus finds some extra bounce outside off but the line isn't great and there's no swing, yet;
0.6;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run Bollinger throws one up slightly wider, but Farhat recognises the danger and leaves this one well alone.;
0.5;4;Bollinger to Farhat, FOUR runs Farhat is away! Great shot, Bollinger overpitches with a long half-volley outside off and Farhat lashes him through the covers;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run Bollinger is starting to settle now, as again he finds a decent line and length on off stump and Farhat defends from the crease;
0.3;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run on a length just outside off stump, chopped defensively to point;
0.2;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run a mixed bag so far in this over! This slips out as a full toss on middle and leg, but no harm done as it's just clipped to mid-on;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Farhat, no run that's better, landing on a length and taking off outside off to beat a nervous push;
0.1;1nb;Bollinger to Farhat, (no ball) slightly off target to start from Bollinger, swinging gently down the leg side. And it's a no-ball!;

Welcome back folks. Everything's set up for a cracking final session at Headingley, this is tense stuff. Australia were out warming up for almost the whole interval, they are well up for this.
 Innings Start