Data
The last two overs cost 25 runs and, on a pitch offering help for seam and spin, it means Australia just have a chance. However, England are still strong favourites to make it 4-0. Excellent bowling by Tredwell and Bopara and we'll be back shortly with the run chase.
31.6;4;Anderson to Bailey, FOUR runs and they close with another boundary as Bailey drills Anderson straight down the ground and he's given Australia something to bowl at;
31.5;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run slower, shorter ball outside off and Bailey doesn't make contact;
31.4;6;Anderson to Bailey, SIX runs that's a clean strike! Picked it up beautifully and launched it over long-on...been a very good innings from Bailey. Anderson just missed his length;
31.3;?;Anderson to Bailey, no run excellent delivery, saw the batsman moving to leg this time and following him which meant Bailey could only dig the yorker back to Anderson;
31.2;1;Anderson to McKay, 1 run flicked out to deep square-leg to give the strike back to Bailey;
31.1;1lb;Anderson to Bailey, 1 leg bye big appeal for lbw as Bailey moved across his stumps to try and go through the leg side and probably got outside the line of off stump...ooh, mighty close but just outside;
30.6;?;Broad to McKay, no run swing and a miss as he tries to clear the leg side;
30.5;4;Broad to McKay, FOUR runs edged away, more useful runs for Australia as McKay plays away from the body and gets it wide of the keeper...no slips in the penultimate over;
30.4;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run back of a length and clubbed down to long-on;
30.3;4;Broad to Bailey, FOUR runs back-to-back boundaries as he inside edges a full delivery past short fine-leg...Broad followed the batsman outside leg stump;
30.2;4;Broad to Bailey, FOUR runs lovely shot, Bailey helps the ball backward of square on the leg side...was just a fraction short and he rolled his wrists nicely to beat deep square;
30.1;?;Broad to Bailey, no run opens the face and finds backward point;
29.6;W;Finn to Pattinson, OUT big appeal and not out...England are convinced Pattinson edged the slower ball as he heaved to leg. No reviews left for England. There was certainly a noise. Oh, hang on, the umpires are conferring about whether this has carried. So it could be out after all. This isn't a review, it's the umpires asking for the TV help. Everyone standing around. And he's out!. So Aleem Dar clearly heard an edge;James Pattinson c ?Kieswetter b Finn 13 (35m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 46.42;
29.5;1;Finn to Bailey, 1 run bouncer from Finn and it's pulled with pretty good control down to fine leg;
29.4;1;Finn to Pattinson, 1 run cuts again and gets a bottom edge that bobbles towards Kieswetter;
29.3;?;Finn to Pattinson, no run tries to go over the same area but this time it's short and beats the top edge;
29.2;4;Finn to Pattinson, FOUR runs backs away to give himself room and carves a full delivery outside off over point;
29.1;1;Finn to Bailey, 1 run on off stump, pushed into the off side and Finn can't cut off the run from his follow through;
28.6;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run swept from outside off to deep square;
28.5;1;Tredwell to Pattinson, 1 run flicked towards midwicket who can't stop it with a dive but Patel does well in the deep with a one-handed return;
28.4;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run round the wicket, goes for a sweep and doesn't connect...gets taken on the pad outside off;
28.3;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run worked along the deck to long-on;
28.2;?;Tredwell to Bailey, no run comes down the pitch again, takes the pad into the off side and can't get the single;
28.1;6;Tredwell to Bailey, SIX runs breaks free with a clean strike over long-on...strongly played;
27.6;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run pinball out there...Bailey works it from outside off to midwicket, Pattinson raced up for a run but was sent back and a direct hit then sent the ball flying off to the deep so they take a single anyway;
27.5;1;Broad to Pattinson, 1 run short ball, Pattinson arches his back and gives himself a touch of room to angle it down to third man;
27.4;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run full and nicely driven but he picks out mid-off on the edge of the circle;
27.3;?;Broad to Bailey, no run on off stump and pushed back to the bowler;
27.2;1;Broad to Pattinson, 1 run short of a length and worked down to long leg;
27.1;1;Broad to Bailey, 1 run full length, shapes into Bailey who drives down to long-on to take Australia to three figures;
26.6;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run goes for a cut and gets beaten on the bottom edge...not far from off stump;
26.5;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run flicked in the air but short of midwicket;
26.4;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run flicked along the ground through a straight midwicket to the man in the deep;
26.3;1;Tredwell to Pattinson, 1 run swept firmly in front of deep square-leg;
26.2;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run goes for a sweep from well outside off stump, gets a top edge but no one is catching at short fine-leg;
26.1;?;Tredwell to Bailey, no run uses his feet but can't beat midwicket;
25.6;1;Bopara to Bailey, 1 run tucked from off stump down to long-on;
25.5;1;Bopara to Pattinson, 1 run a slower ball is edged down to third man;
25.4;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run good work at cover by Anderson as his dive cuts off any chance of a run from a nice-looking drive;
25.3;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run chopped into the off side;
25.2;1;Bopara to Bailey, 1 run worked into midwicket for a very sharp single;
25.1;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run full on off stump, pushed back to Bopara in his follow through;
24.6;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run big appeal, both for a catch and lbw I think, but it's not out to either. Plenty of turn for Tredwell as Pattinson played against the spin. The ball ended up a slip but not off the edge. It also pitched outside leg;
24.5;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run inside edge into the pad leads to a stifled lbw appeal;
24.4;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run manages successfully this time and scoops it past the keeper through short fine-leg;
24.3;?;Tredwell to Bailey, no run tries to paddle this from way outside off stump but doesn't make contact;
24.2;1;Tredwell to Pattinson, 1 run round the wicket, driven down the on side and Tredwell can't reach it with a dive;
24.1;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run a fumble in the field gives Bailey a single...he drove against the spin and the inside edge bobbled to the leg side;
23.6;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run play and miss outside off as Pattinson drives to end a very tight over;
23.5;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run pulls the length back and it's defend to cover;
23.4;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run full toss outside off, Pattinson drives and got a thin edge but the ball went straight to ground through to Kieswetter;
23.3;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run no width on offer, defended to the off side;
23.2;?;Bopara to Pattinson, no run tight on middle and off, Pattinson defends back to the bowler;
23.1;1;Bopara to Bailey, 1 run full outside off, driven to a deepish mid-off;
22.6;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run another big appeal for lbw. This is close and they review. It's pad first as Pattinson lunges forward. This will be tight. But the impact is umpires' call and it was also missing off stump. So excellent decision by Ian Gould;
22.5;1;Tredwell to Bailey, 1 run full outside off, whipped with the turn past a diving midwicket;
22.4;1;Tredwell to Pattinson, 1 run flicked in the air, one bounce to long-on;
22.3;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run played to the leg side;
22.2;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run cuts and misses at one that bounces outside off;
22.1;?;Tredwell to Pattinson, no run big appeal first ball as this takes the pad with Pattinson not far forward but it's probably missing leg stump;
21.6;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run full, almost yorker length and punched short on the leg side;
21.5;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run fuller, ducking in a touch, can't beat mid-off with a drive;
21.4;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run tight line on the stumps, defended on the back foot;
21.3;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run line and length around off, played back to the bowler;
21.2;1;Bopara to Pattinson, 1 run full and sliding across, thick edge down to third man;
21.1;W;Bopara to Hussey, OUT Bopara strikes again as Hussey feathers through to the keeper! It was another innocuous delivery, slightly short and wide, Hussey tried to dab it through the off side and nicked off. Bopara's golden arm could probably refloat the European economy right now;David Hussey c ?Kieswetter b Bopara 9 (21m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
20.6;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run tossed up outside off and driven square for another single;
20.5;1;Patel to Bailey, 1 run full and clipped through the covers for one;
20.4;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run flighted outside off stump, driven to long-off;
20.3;1;Patel to Bailey, 1 run touch short, straightening on the stumps, goes back and knocks into the leg side;
20.2;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run flighted, comes forward and drives through mid-off to the man in the deep;
20.1;1;Patel to Bailey, 1 run tossed up on off, clipped back down the ground;
19.6;?;Bopara to Hussey, no run length ball, hangs back and slaps a cut shot to point on the bounce;
19.5;1;Bopara to Bailey, 1 run bit of width again and cut through square this time;
19.4;2;Bopara to Bailey, 2 runs full and slightly wide, hit uppishly through the covers;
19.3;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run straighter line, worked off the legs towards mid-on;
19.2;?;Bopara to Bailey, no run pitched up outside off, pushed on the front foot to cover;
19.1;W;Bopara to Smith, OUT loosener, down the leg side - and Smith gets a tickle through to Kieswetter! Australia hit another bump in the road and that's a gimme for Bopara, whose gentle medium pace somehow foxed Smith;Steven Smith c ?Kieswetter b Bopara 21 (21m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 105;
18.6;2;Patel to Hussey, 2 runs tossed up and lofted over extra-cover, the sweeper has to run around and they get two;
18.5;?;Patel to Hussey, no run flighted on middle and leg, defended back to the bowler;
18.4;1;Patel to Smith, 1 run length, outside off, hangs back and dabs to short third man;
18.3;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run flighted on off stump, gets forward and pushes to the man at long-off;
18.2;1;Patel to Smith, 1 run tossed up and driven down the ground for one;
18.1;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run length ball, on off stump and straightening, goes back and chops through square leg;
17.6;4;Finn to Smith, FOUR runs short ball, angling down leg and deflected smartly down to fine leg for another boundary;
17.5;?;Finn to Smith, no run bit of width, seams away a touch and beats Smith's outside edge as he dabbles at the ball away from his body;
17.4;?;Finn to Smith, no run length ball on the stumps, forward defensive;
17.3;2;Finn to Smith, 2 runs nudge off the pads, they chance a second and get it, bit of a misdirected throw from midwicket forces Kieswetter to take above his head;
17.2;4;Finn to Smith, FOUR runs slightly overpitched outside off, nicely timed drive back down the ground, bouncing over Finn and beating the dive at long-on;
17.1;?;Finn to Smith, no run full and straight, gets forward well in defence;
16.6;1;Patel to Smith, 1 run full and on the stumps, punched down the ground for one;
16.5;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run flighted on leg stump, straightening and takes a leading edge that loop through mid-off, Bopara can't quite get across from extra-cover to snaffle it;
16.4;1;Patel to Smith, 1 run goes back and works one into the leg side;
16.3;1;Patel to Hussey, 1 run played on the front foot towards cover, another risky single but a misfield aids them;
16.2;1;Patel to Smith, 1 run flighted on off, Smith goes back and dabs through point, they think and then re-think about two;
16.1;?;Patel to Smith, no run on the stumps, pushed back down the track;
15.6;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run short of a length and tucked into the leg side;
15.5;?;Broad to Smith, no run length ball outside off, steps out and plays no stroke;
15.4;W;Broad to Clarke, OUT dabbed towards point ... and a direct hit from Eoin Morgan runs out Clarke! Australia are in disarray here, trying to push for singles as England crowd round like vultures. Clarke ran the gauntlet but was left well short by an excellent throw as Morgan fielded on the bounce;Michael Clarke run out (Morgan) 1 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
15.3;1;Broad to Smith, 1 run length ball, gets forward and pushes wide of extra-cover, Smith calls one but Clarke sends him back ... and Bopara's shy misses, giving them an over-throw;
15.2;?;Broad to Smith, no run pitched up outside off and Smith frees the arms, drives straight at extra-cover;
15.1;2;Broad to Smith, 2 runs touch short, worked through the leg side into a gap and they pick up two;
14.6;1;Tredwell to Smith, 1 run flighted, Smith is on the walk again, chips slightly aerially past the diving Ian Bell at mid-on to the man on the boundary;
14.5;1;Tredwell to Clarke, 1 run tossed up and Clarke also uses his feet to clip one down the ground;
14.4;1;Tredwell to Smith, 1 run full and on the stumps, whipped through midwicket to get off the mark first ball;
14.3;W;Tredwell to Wade, OUT flighted, spinning past the bat as Wade advances and stumped! Lovely dismissal for Tredwell, who lured the struggling Wade out of his crease, beat him with the turn - in fact almost bowled him - and Kieswetter was alert to whip off the bails;Matthew Wade st ?Kieswetter b Tredwell 12 (61m 41b 0x4 0x6) SR: 29.26;
14.2;?;Tredwell to Wade, no run tossed up outside off, pushed into the covers;
14.1;W;Tredwell to Wade, 1 run, OUT they try for two to long-on, Tredwell takes the throw at the bowler's end and swings his arm behind his body to break the wicket ... Forrest is struggling here, yep, he's a few inches short. The batsmen were hustling, trying to put pressure on the fielders but it backfired and Forrest is felled;Peter Forrest run out (Patel/Tredwell) 3 (12m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 21.42;
13.6;?;Broad to Forrest, no run short ball outside off, Forrest this time misses with a swish at Broad;
13.5;?;Broad to Forrest, no run full and straight, played back down the pitch to mid-on;
13.4;?;Broad to Forrest, no run good length, straightening and Forrest is squared up trying to work to leg, gets a leading edge into the off side;
13.3;1;Broad to Wade, 1 run fuller length, driven square through the infield;
13.2;1;Broad to Forrest, 1 run bouncer, well-directed at the batsman, who hoicks aerially through the vacant square leg area;
13.1;1;Broad to Wade, 1 run touch short of a length, Wade backs away and slaps a cut shot through point to the man in the deep;
12.6;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run full and on off, played back to the bowler - maiden from Tredwell;
12.5;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run on the stumps, worked towards square leg and Ravi Bopara fields sharply to prevent a run;
12.4;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run bit of spin back in from outside off, Forrest plays back and is hit on the pad, probably too high;
12.3;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run bit more flight, worked into the leg side;
12.2;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run length ball outside off, played back down the track;
12.1;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run pushed through outside off, forward nudge into the covers;
11.6;?;Broad to Wade, no run touch short and wide, cut on the back foot straight to point;
11.5;?;Broad to Wade, no run back of a length, Wade tries to play off his hips and the ball squirts into the off side;
11.4;?;Broad to Wade, no run length ball this time, angled across the left-hander who thrusts a pad at it and lets it through outside off;
11.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run short ball, Wade tries to pull and swipes fresh air;
11.2;1;Broad to Forrest, 1 run pitched up again, Forrest gets forward and drives past mid-off;
11.1;?;Broad to Forrest, no run full and straight, Forrest is hit on the pad ... bit appeal but Dar had correctly spotted a thin inside edge. Broad having no luck today;
10.6;1;Tredwell to Forrest, 1 run flighted on the stumps, gets out and drives to long-on for a single to get off the mark;
10.5;?;Tredwell to Forrest, no run back over the wicket, on off, pushed square;
10.4;W;Tredwell to Warner, OUT tossed up, misses with the sweep and gone! Warner often looks a little uncertain trying to work slower bowlers around and he falls to a plumb lbw decision, the ball was full and straightening on middle and he didn't get anything on it. Hawk Eye showing pretty big turn for Tredwell, suggesting the ball would have gone on to hit off;David Warner lbw b Tredwell 32 (46m 32b 4x4 1x6) SR: 100;
10.3;?;Tredwell to Warner, no run full, sliding down the leg side, goes back and taps to short fine leg;
10.2;1;Tredwell to Wade, 1 run on the stumps, clipped through midwicket;
10.1;?;Tredwell to Wade, no run round the wicket, tossed up and pushed to cover;
9.6;2;Broad to Warner, 2 runs dropped! Another one goes down and this time it's Samit Patel at third man as Warner goes up and over. Patel steadied himself under the catch but it was a pretty poor effort in the end. Cook is not impressed;
9.5;1;Broad to Wade, 1 run worked away from leg stump into square leg;
9.5;1w;Broad to Wade, 1 wide loses his fine down the leg side so that's an extra ball;
9.4;1;Broad to Warner, 1 run tries to give himself a bit of room to drive through the off side but only finds mid-off;
9.3;?;Broad to Warner, no run pushed into the off side towards point;
9.2;6;Broad to Warner, SIX runs that's middled! Plays the same shot and connects with power this time as he lofts Broad high of mid-on;
9.1;?;Broad to Warner, no run that's a wild swing by Warner as he tries to launch this over mid-on but only connects with fresh air;
8.6;?;Finn to Wade, no run full and driven with a crunch to mid-off;
8.5;?;Finn to Wade, no run;
8.4;2;Finn to Wade, 2 runs edged! Did it carry to Tredwell at second slip? Yes, it looks as though it just got there so that goes down as another drop. Was a tough, low, catch but he seemed a little slow to move;
8.3;?;Finn to Wade, no run outside off and left alone;
8.2;1;Finn to Warner, 1 run full again at the stumps, punched firmly towards mid-on who is fairly deep and allowing the single;
8.1;4;Finn to Warner, FOUR runs well played by Warner who is starting benefit from the hard graft as he drives through the off side and Bopara can't quite haul it in;
7.6;1;Broad to Warner, 1 run dropped into the off side and that's a well-judged single;
7.5;?;Broad to Warner, no run full on middle and leg, played to mid-on;
7.4;1;Broad to Wade, 1 run dropped Anderson has shelled one at slip...Wade went hard at the ball and edged at a good height just to Anderson's left so he had to move a bit but should have held it;
7.3;?;Broad to Wade, no run full and swinging into the pads, Wade misses out as he doesn't connect;
7.2;?;Broad to Wade, no run nips back into the Wade from a good length and it's driven to point;
7.1;?;Broad to Wade, no run starts back of a length and it is punched to cover...a cross-seam delivery from Broad;
6.6;1;Anderson to Wade, 1 run full on off stump, opens the face down to third man;
6.5;1;Anderson to Warner, 1 run opens the face off the back foot and the ball just evades a diving backward point;
6.4;?;Anderson to Warner, no run good reply! Jags back to beat Warner on the inside edge as he tries to play through the off side;
6.3;4;Anderson to Warner, FOUR runs nicely played, short again and Warner helps it behind square on the leg side with a pull which beats deep square-leg;
6.2;2;Anderson to Warner, 2 runs pulled down shorter and it's whipped away through square leg;
6.1;1;Anderson to Wade, 1 run defends with an open face to backward point and they scramble a single which leaves Warner diving for his ground;
5.6;4;Finn to Warner, FOUR runs edged! Batsmen need some luck in these conditions and Warner finds some as he Chinese cuts past the stumps and a diving Kieswetter...the delivery nipped back into him to cramp him for room;
5.5;?;Finn to Warner, no run straighter this time and a well-timed flick goes straight to midwicket;
5.4;?;Finn to Warner, no run back on a full length and another punchy drive finds mid-off;
5.3;?;Finn to Warner, no run finds somewhere near the middle of the back this time, short of a length and punched to cover;
5.2;?;Finn to Warner, no run another crackerjack! Bounces and seams away from off stump and Warner doesn't have a hope of playing it;
5.1;?;Finn to Warner, no run full and dug out back to the bowler;
4.6;?;Anderson to Wade, no run behind the line this time and defended back to the bowler;
4.5;?;Anderson to Wade, no run another one scoots past the edge - already been plenty of them - as this seams away on off stump;
4.4;?;Anderson to Wade, no run full on off stump, brings Wade forward and he drives sweetly but straight to mid-off;
4.3;?;Anderson to Wade, no run worked off leg stump to midwicket;
4.2;1;Anderson to Warner, 1 run a touch shorter and Warner hops into the back foot to work it through midwicket;
4.1;?;Anderson to Warner, no run pitching around middle and leg, straightens on Warner who ends up playing it chest on due to the late swing;
3.6;?;Finn to Wade, no run full on middle and off, solidly defended back to the bowler;
3.5;?;Finn to Wade, no run very full, yorker-length on the popping crease, squeezed out to the off side;
3.4;1;Finn to Warner, 1 run whipped away from middle and leg down to long leg;
3.4;?;Finn to Warner, no run wider outside off stump;
3.3;4;Finn to Warner, FOUR runs finally, they get one away and it's a very pleasing drive from Warner as he punches a full delivery straight past mid-off;
3.2;?;Finn to Warner, no run now beaten on the front foot by a full delivery...this is fantastic bowling;
3.1;1w;Finn to Warner, 1 wide extravagant seam movement and bounce as Warner is beaten playing another cut...but it's a fraction too wide;
2.6;?;Anderson to Wade, no run squared up by a ball starting around leg stump that he tried to work through the on side and a leading edge rolls into the off side;
2.5;?;Anderson to Wade, no run how do you play that? Beats the outside edge again with late movement from a full length and Wade is left prodding;
2.4;?;Anderson to Wade, no run short of a length at the body, Wade defends a touch awkwardly off the back foot;
2.3;?;Anderson to Wade, no run full outside off, carries through at ankle height to Kieswetter;
2.2;?;Anderson to Wade, no run full on middle and off, searching stuff from Anderson, Wade presses forward and defends;
2.1;?;Anderson to Wade, no run a cracker...completely squares up Wade as this swings in then seams away past the outside. Almost too good;
1.6;?;Finn to Warner, no run dragged a little short and wide but Warner can't take advantage as he flashes and misses at a cut;
1.5;1;Finn to Wade, 1 run this jars the splice as Wade plays it towards square leg and takes one hand off the bat;
1.4;?;Finn to Wade, no run back of a length and this one nips back into the left hander who is taken at the top of the pads;
1.3;?;Finn to Wade, no run full on middle and off, gets a good stride in and blocks to mid-off;
1.2;?;Finn to Wade, no run and again! Beaten two in two. Some pace on that from Finn as Wade launches into a drive and the ball beats the edge;
1.1;?;Finn to Wade, no run what a beauty to start with...full outside off and it draws Wade forward who then plays and misses with a drive;
0.6;?;Anderson to Warner, no run good line outside off stump and he opts not to play again;
0.5;?;Anderson to Warner, no run pitched up fuller, Warner comes forward and pushes towards mid-off;
0.4;?;Anderson to Warner, no run a touch wider outside off and he shoulders arms;
0.3;?;Anderson to Warner, no run pushed across and left alone;
0.2;1;Anderson to Wade, 1 run fuller on off stump, driven firmly down the ground to the off side and but mid-off is quite straight;
0.1;?;Anderson to Wade, no run outside off, hint of movement back into the batsman and it's left alone;

James Anderson to open the bowling on his home ground...
At last, here come the players. We. Have. Cricket. Warner and Wade to open for Australia.
5.25pm "Daft," starts Hugh. "No offence Tredwell (well, some), but you have no real future as an England player. Rather have Samit, Briggs or Monty playing first. But Woakes is going to star in all formats. If he ever gets a game."
And here's Ed Dixon: "Ha ha! So after all the talk, Australia won't actually get to bowl at Bres after all during the whole series."
5.15pm England win the toss and bowl, no real surprise there. Tim Bresnan has a sore elbow so misses out and England play both James Tredwell and Samit Patel. No rest for either Stuart Broad or James Anderson. Still no game for Woakes, either.
"Would have expected the ball to swing today, so I'm a bit surprised Tredwell has been preferred to Woakes," says James.
For Australia, Steve Smith and Xavier Doherty are back so plenty of spin on show today.
England Alastair Cook, Ian Bell, Jonathan Trott, Ravi Bopara, Eoin Morgan, Craig Kieswetter, Samit Patel, Stuart Broad, James Tredwell, James Anderson, Steven Finn
Australia David Warner, Matthew Wade, Peter Forrest, Michael Clarke, George Bailey, David Hussey, Steve Smith, Clint McKay, James Pattinson, Ben Hilfenhaus, Xavier Doherty
5.10pm Good news, folks, the covers are coming off and we'll have the toss shortly
5.00pm The toss has been pushed back to 5.15pm but we are still on for a 32-over match.
4.45pm Reports from the ground that it has started to rain a little but the players continue to warm up...and the covers are now back on.
4.35pm Hello everyone, Gnasher here for the first time today as Alan has gone on a coffee run. The players are out in the middle warming up as we cling to the hope that the rain will stay away.
4.15pm: So, you've an hour or so to amuse yourselves. The toss should be at 5pm, as long as the rain doesn't return. I'm going to go grab a coffee and stretch my glutes in preparation for some actual commentary, but I'll leave you with a few more offerings from the postbag ...
"I think the difference is it's supposed to be raining in Melbourne, whereas it's not supposed to be in England," says Guy in response to Mark (3.55pm). Though he's obviously never experienced a summer in this country if he thinks that.
"Good news for us, bad news for Mitch," chirps Dubes, "he now has to walk the talk! I am pretty sure he made that statement after watching the weather forecast. This should teach him to rely on weather forecasts!" Has anyone ever walked the talk? I'm not quite sure how that would work.
Ed Dixon has issued a mea culpa: "The rain is all my fault. Well to be exact, it's my wife's fault actually as after many years of trying, she has finally managed to master the art of the rain dance in order to interfere with my cricketing ambitions, but has clearly overdone it. Sorry everyone."
James, meanwhile, is look further down the line: "For England fans, the main event of the summer should be the South Africa series, and you would have thought England would try to get in some proper preparation. Sadly, the poor quality of the opposition hasn't allowed us to do so."
4.10pm: Hallelujah - your patience has been rewarded. They're going to try for a 5.30pm start at Old Trafford, with 32 overs per side. Powerplay overs will be seven (mandatory) at the start, then three batting and three bowling. Two bowlers to be allowed seven overs each, three with six.
4pm: Actually, it looks reasonably clear over Manchester at the moment. Messrs Dar, Gould and Erasmus are plodding around diligently, inspecting various patches of turf ...
"I hope that this inspection goes smoothly now that Mister Dar has discovered that Mister Gould has on occasion been known to perform inspections with a certain Mr Bowden." Indeed, Mark, it was a great scandal at the time but I believe the two gentlemen to have been reconciled, for the sake of their good reputations in umpiring circles.
3.55pm: With the sense of timing of Mr Collins asking Elizabeth Bennett for her hand in marriage, it has apparently just started to spit at Old Trafford. The umpires, of course, are due to make an inspection shortly.
"To make the Poms feel slightly better, it is currently raining solidly at the moment in Melbourne." I think I'm right in saying, Mark, that the Poms aren't necessarily the ones in need of being made to feel better ...
3.50pm: Jason is off on a flight of fancy. "Just imagine... looking out the window of your carriage, watching the scenery flow past when, suddenly, a ghostly image of Aleem Dar's head appears in the window to give you out." Sounds more like Dickens than Austen, I have to say, Jase. Still, all literary contributions welcome, in these rain-delay longueurs.
Pavan, meanwhile, can't resist a 4-0 jibe: "A tin of whitewash for Christmas? Is Dhoni driving this heavy roller?"
3.30pm: Out in the middle at Old Trafford, the groundstaff appear to have ceded control of the heavy roller to a 15-year-old boy. Apparently he is a competition winner ... Imagine entering a competition to have a go on a heavy roller! It'd be like asking your parents for a tin of whitewash for Christmas.
Hugh, meanwhile, has a different take on the whims of the weather gods: "It's all a conspiracy against Chris Woakes. Someone just doesn't want him to prove himself ..." What can Woakes have done to upset Michael Fish (the god of inconvenient rainfall), Hugh?
3.20pm: Steve has news of the sun: "Got up at 5.45am to watch this latest Australian cricket lesson. It's only 102F here now at 7.10am in the Phoenix valley. Personally I'd quite like to watch it rain! Haven't had any here for months. Rain is about as rare as good Aussie batting..." Ouch. Tough time to be green-and-gold when even the US is ragging on you - though I expect Steve is an expat who can't quite believe his internet connection these days.
"So, to continue the Jane Austen theme, does that mean that we are in for a bit of domestic trauma, before everything turns out fine in the end?" Well, Mark, if Alastair Cook and Ian Bell aren't happily engaged by sundown, I'll eat my bonnet.
James, however, isn't convinced: "Sorry about this, but I'm really struggling to imagine Aleem Dar glancing coquettishly at anyone." Just imagine those deep brooding eyes looking deep into your soul, James. He'd be a perfect Mr Dar-cy.
3.10pm: News from Old Trafford is that there is going to be another umpires inspection at 4pm. The pitch is getting a trim from the mower but there are one or two muddy patches still causing the umpires concern. The clouds above the ground are still of the gun-metal grey variety, so Lincoln might have to dance like Michael Flatley for a while yet.
3.05pm: "Good morning from Aus, 12.01am, waiting up patiently for some cricket action, got my fingers and toes crossed," writes Lincoln, who I assume is either an Anglophile or a glutton for punishment. "Performing a 'dry' dance in my living room."
3pm: The umpires are taking a turn around the pitch. I like to imagine them arm-in-arm, like a couple of Jane Austen heroines, every now and again glancing coquettishly over the grand piano at the two captains. And as Sky are showing highlights of the 2007 CB Series, I'll assume that's what they are doing.
2.45pm and 4.3sec: It hasn't start raining ... We may be in luck.
2.45pm: The hover cover on the wicket is now the only protection being afforded the pitch. Expect the deluge to begin in about 4.3 seconds.
By the way, to the ones of you asking why Boucher has 998 dismissals on the records page - he took one catch in the outfield, against West Indies in 2010 when AB de Villiers was keeping wicket. You can thank Stat Detective Brydon Coverdale for that titbit. Firdose's story has been tweaked accordingly.
2.35pm: On The Subject of English Weather: "More games have been rained off in the midlands than the north this year," says Sanjay. "If you look at the T20 groups, as many as 10 games have been washed out in just 2 weeks. The North Group by comparison has about 6 washouts. Warwickshire suffered 4 washouts + WI Test ruined + Oz ODI ruined. And as I write this, it's raining heavily in Brum so tomorrow's CB40 game is in jeopardy too. Birmingham is the new Manchester."
"The problem is that most of that 806mm seems to be on the outfield at the moment," giggles Mark, in response to Gerard's earlier point about average rainfall.
James, meanwhile, didn't have a ticket for Hit factory Live ... "Probably the best thing that could happen to a Stock Aitken Waterman reunion gig, IMHO. Also, Isle of Wight festival was flooded, floods in south west and north east, I tried to go to the Headingley ODI v West Indies. Manchester has no monopoly on rain."
And here's the man who started an argument in an empty cricket ground, Ed Bowden: "No offence meant to the Mancunians, it has been a dreadful summer all over the country. I just hope Lancs insured themselves against food and drink sales as well as ticket refunds like Warwicks. But they are touchy!"
2.30pm: Looking a bit more promising out in the middle, where a breeze is blowing and the majority of the covers on the square are off. Some of the players are on the outfield and there's an air of expectancy among the crowd ... Well, it's either that or half-cut ambivalence, I'm not quite sure which. Umpires inspection will take place in half an hour.
2.20pm: "C'mon guys don't forget his wicket," pipes up Scott. "It takes him to 1000!" A Test average of 6, for a wicketkeeper, might be his most impressive stat ...
Meanwhile, Ed Bowden has got a few backs up: "'Which idiot organised a game of cricket in Manchester in July?' says Ed Bowden. When will people stop having a go at Manchester weather? Has no-one noticed that it has rained almost incessantly this summer all over England and Wales. Have these images of floods on television been a myth? For the records Manchester has 806mm of rain on average a year and Cardiff just over 1100mm/year." Gerard Walsh just wanted that off his chest.
Charles Frankland prefers a more biting response: "Which idiot would organise a reunion concert in London in July. As they say down there, we really love stereotyping the rest of the country." For those who aren't fans of Stock, Aitken and Waterman (unlikely, I know, but there might be a few), this is what Charles is referring to.
2.10pm: "Somehow, 999 dismissals feels a bit like a batting average of 99.94. And that's good company." An excellent point, James. He also has a word in defence of today's venue: "To be fair to Manchester (Ed Bowdon), games of cricket have been getting rained off all over the country this 'summer'."
2pm: Anil Katwal highlights Boucher's huge haul of victims: "Take a bow, Mark Boucher. What a career. Finishes on 999 dismissals in international cricket. Will that ever be beaten?" The odds suggest Boucher's marks will last for some time. His 555 Test dismissals puts him more than 100 ahead of Adam Gilchrist; MS Dhoni is the next-best current keeper, with 220. As Dileep Premachandran has just tweeted, Dhoni has 496 victims in international cricket, less than half of Boucher's bag of skulls. Here's a piece from the archive about Boucher's 500 Test catches.
1.55pm: We've had a few messages on Boucher, who has been forced to quit international cricket after sustaining a freak eye injury. Here's his 108 against England at Durban in 1999 - his third Test ton of a breakthrough year.
"Boucher was not the most naturally talented player," begins Sebastian, "but I have so much respect for him because he squeezed everything out of what he had, and I really admire his grit, determination and concentration."
And here's Asha: "A great sportsman. Felt really sad when I heard the news. We will certainly miss you Bouch. Well wishes for the future and hope you will recover from that injury soon!"
1.45pm: Right, the toss has officially been delayed and the umpires will make an inspection at 3pm. This feels like deja vu all over again. I'm not too confident about this one - hope may spring eternal but I think even hope has sprung a leak.
"Which idiot organised a game of cricket in Manchester in July?" says Ed Bowden. "As they say up there, if you can't see the Pennines it is raining. If you can, it will start soon." Never mind the Pennines, it's quite difficult to make out The Point in the murk. Although, in fairness to the administrators, if you're going to organise any outdoor activity in Manchester, in normal circumstances July would seem a fair month to do it.
1.35pm: First pictures from Old Trafford and Sky's Nick Knight is standing in a puddle. That doesn't necessarily mean he looks any wetter than usual, though ... arf. The good news is: it is not currently raining. The bad: the groundstaff expect the pitch will need at least two or three hours to dry out. If any more rain comes (and there is some forecast for later in the day) it could be curtains.
A look at our favourite rain map of the country suggests the worst has passed for now. The cut-off time is 7.07pm (or 7.17pm, if they can only squeeze in a 20-over game with a shortened interval).
1.25pm: Hello there, you're looking well. Is that a new haircut? Anyway, welcome to live, hand-typed coverage of the fifth and final ODI between England and Australia. Apparently the weather is looking mardier than the Stone Roses when asked a question by someone from the Daily Mail. However, we'll keep you up to date with developments and hopefully the rain will relent to get some sort of a game on. To tide you over, here is David Hopps' preview of the match and the latest bullish statement of intent from Steve Harmison Mitchell Johnson.
Meanwhile, away from Manchester, the breaking news from the South Africa camp is that Mark Boucher has officially announced his retirement from international cricket, due to the eye injury he sustained at Taunton yesterday. Very sad news, I'm sure you'll agree, as this tour of England was due to be Boucher's last, allowing him to reach 150 Tests and pass 1,000 dismissals in the international game. Please do feel free to send in your tributes ...
 Innings Start
10.35pm: Out we go to the middle again, lots of baubles to hand out. Ravi Bopara is indeed Man of the Match: "The lads played really well, the pitch was a little but stoppy, but it got better as the night went on ... It's about time I was there at the end. I think it was important I got an early knock and that innings at The Oval stood me in good stead. [No. 6 next week?] Well, hopefully!"
Australia captain, Michael Clarke: "England showed what a class team they are, for some of the younger guys who haven't seen them before and it shows the hard work we need to do for 12 months' time. It was a wake-up call for the team. We've got a lot of players who haven't faced these conditions, haven't faced that kind of attack. I want to take nothing away from England ... We'll be as well prepared [for Ashes next year] as we can be."
Man of the Series, Ian Bell: "We were helped by our bowlers, they set the tone and it's nice to chase a lower tottal. Batting at the top of the order sutis my style, so hopefully it's a good platform for the future. We've got to swtich back ino Test mode now and it should be an exciting series [against South Africa]."
England captain Alastair Cook: "It was another good performance from the bowlers, nice to get the win. I think our No. 7 didn't get a bat in this series so that shows how well we've done."
Right, this one has dragged on long enough. Thanks for all your comments, we'll be back again for the full works when the first Test against South Africa starts next Thursday. Cheerio for now!
That wraps up another convincing win for England, who claim a 4-0 series victory that will take them above India in the ODI rankings to third. Australia remain No. 1 in name only, with either England or South Africa likely to overtake them during their five-match series later in the summer. Ravi Bopara played another attractive, substantial innings, to go with his couple of wickets - probably enough for him to be named Man of the Match. We'll find out during the presentations in a moment or two.
27.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Morgan, 1 run pitched up outside off and launched high over the infield again - won't run all the way either but it's plenty good enough to wrap up a seven-wicket Duckworth-Lewis win;
26.6;3;McKay to Morgan, 3 runs full and Morgan gets under the ball, carting it high into the night sky, towards long-on - it plops a few yards short of the rope and won't roll any further;
26.6;1w;McKay to Morgan, 1 wide drifts down the leg side - wide;
26.5;?;McKay to Morgan, no run full and sliding across, beats Morgan's expansive drive;
26.4;1lb;McKay to Bopara, 1 leg bye length delivery, angling in on the stumps and Bopara misses the ball as he tries to close the face, hit on the back pat. Dar turns the appeal down but Clarke calls for the review ... and Hawk Eye shows the ball just shaving the bail, so it stays with the umpire's call and Bopara still has a chance to be there at the end;
26.3;?;McKay to Bopara, no run slower ball out the back of the hand, short of a length and Bopara mistimes his pull into the ground;
26.2;1;McKay to Morgan, 1 run length, on the stumps, dropped short of mid-on and they skip through for one;
26.1;1;McKay to Bopara, 1 run short of a length and pulled into the ground on the leg side;
25.6;4;Hilfenhaus to Morgan, FOUR runs length delivery, touch wide of the stumps and Morgan wristily slaps his first ball in front of cover for a sensational boundary;
25.5;W;Hilfenhaus to Cook, OUT touch shorter, tight line and Cook nicks off to first slip. It was probably wasn't quite there either to cut or drive but Cook, in a hurry now, had a go and Clarke clung on;Alastair Cook c Clarke b Hilfenhaus 58 (107m 78b 4x4 0x6) SR: 74.35;
25.4;2;Hilfenhaus to Cook, 2 runs again Cook swings his arms, gets a big leading edge but it falls safely over cover;
25.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run length, sliding across, beats the outside edge as Cook has a dash;
25.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Bopara, 1 run on the stumps, slower ball again, worked through the infield on the leg side;
25.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Bopara, no run takes the pace off it, turned to midwicket;
24.6;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run defended in front of off - Cook's not one to get carried away;
24.5;1;Pattinson to Bopara, 1 run length, wide of the stumps, goes back and plays a delicate glide, opening the face down to third man - that's a run-a-ball fifty for Bopara, who's gamboling around now;
24.4;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run bumper, goes for another big pull shot but doesn't connect this time;
24.3;4;Pattinson to Bopara, FOUR runs length ball outside off, again Bopara frees the arms and crashes an uppish drive through extra-cover - there was a man there but he blinked and missed it;
24.2;4;Pattinson to Bopara, FOUR runs banged in short and Bopara swivels on a sixpence to club a meaty hook shot over midwicket for a one-bounce for - terrific shot;
24.1;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run pitched up outside off, driven but doesn't connect cleanly and extra-cover comes in to field;
23.6;2;Doherty to Cook, 2 runs flighted and swept hard again, superb effort from Forrest at deep backward square prevents a boundary;
23.5;2;Doherty to Cook, 2 runs tossed up outside off, heaved out into the deep, towards wide long-on, the ball bouncing a few yards in front of the man;
23.4;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run tossed up and swept again, squarer this time and they take one to the fielder in the deep;
23.3;4;Doherty to Bopara, FOUR runs straighter, fuller this time and Bopara sweeps expertly, timing the ball for four through deep backward square;
23.2;?;Doherty to Bopara, no run pushed through outside off and Doherty extracts big spin, beating Bopara's stiff-legged push;
23.1;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run tossed up outside off, Cook goes down on one knee to sweep through square leg;
22.6;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run goes full at off stump and it's driven firmly to mid-on;
22.6;1w;Pattinson to Bopara, 1 wide a bouncer that's too short for Dar's liking and it's called wide...way over Bopara's head;
22.5;2;Pattinson to Bopara, 2 runs driven through the off side to the sweeper and that's excellent running to make two from it...almost went straight to Hilfenhaus;
22.4;2;Pattinson to Bopara, 2 runs this takes the cue end of the bat as Bopara pulls a short ball and it loops safely over mid-on;
22.3;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run full on off stump, jabbed into the off side;
22.2;1;Pattinson to Cook, 1 run full on middle, dug out just to the left of mid-on which allows the single;
22.1;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run play and a miss as Cook drives at a full ball outside off;
21.6;?;Smith to Bopara, no run loses his shape a little as he tries to but it goes back to Smith;
21.5;1;Smith to Cook, 1 run tucked off middle and leg out to deep square to take him to a neat fifty from 69 balls;
21.4;1;Smith to Bopara, 1 run fetches this from outside off and drags it down to long-on;
21.3;1;Smith to Cook, 1 run swung away through midwicket from outside off stump;
21.2;2;Smith to Cook, 2 runs full and wide outside off, Cook leans into a pleasing drive which gives deep cover plenty of work...Smith wanted him to stop the second;
21.1;1;Smith to Bopara, 1 run starts outside leg stump and is swept firmly to deep square;
20.6;?;McKay to Cook, no run tries to drive on the up through the off side but is beaten by some extra pace and bounce;
20.5;?;McKay to Cook, no run played off the back foot;
20.4;1;McKay to Bopara, 1 run slower ball, well bowled, it takes an inside edge into the body and they run well;
20.3;?;McKay to Bopara, no run blimey, he's drilled that but straight to cover who will having stinging hands;
20.2;2;McKay to Bopara, 2 runs that's crunched, it's clearly a decent bat, as Bopara comes into the front foot and drives with a free swing of the arms through the covers;
20.1;?;McKay to Bopara, no run full outside off and Bopara doesn't time his drive to cover;
19.6;?;Smith to Cook, no run better ball to end with, wider outside off and defended to the off side;
19.5;?;Smith to Cook, no run now there's a full toss but Cook misses out as he clubs to midwicket;
19.4;2;Smith to Cook, 2 runs short again and pulled through square leg;
19.3;1;Smith to Bopara, 1 run short outside and cut very hard straight through cover so long-off has to run around;
19.2;?;Smith to Bopara, no run tossed up on leg stump and driven back to the bowler;
19.1;?;Smith to Bopara, no run starts short and is hammered with a pull to midwicket where Warner takes a blow;
18.6;?;McKay to Cook, no run a strangled appeal as Cook plays forward and gets struck on the pad;
18.5;?;McKay to Cook, no run left alone outside off;
18.4;?;McKay to Cook, no run that's better, full on middle and off, defended to mid-on;
18.3;1;McKay to Bopara, 1 run dropped in short and Bopara connects well with his hook but sends it straight in the direct of long leg;
18.2;1;McKay to Cook, 1 run gets half forward to a fuller delivery and drives off a think inside edge to the leg side;
18.1;4;McKay to Cook, FOUR runs starts with a poor delivery, short on leg stump and Cook steps inside the line to flick it effortlessly down to fine leg...easy pickings;
17.6;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run back of a length outside off and punched to cover;
17.5;1;Pattinson to Cook, 1 run onto the front foot and opens the face to find a gap in the covers;
17.4;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run wide outside off this time and he's lucky to get away with it as Cook's stinging drive picks out Smith at cover;
17.3;4;Pattinson to Cook, FOUR runs that's hammered. Short again from Pattinson and Cook doesn't need a second invitation as he crunches a pull which eludes a sprawling man in the deep;
17.2;2;Pattinson to Cook, 2 runs nicely timed by Cook as he flicks off the back foot through midwicket but deep square can get around...too short from Pattinson;
17.1;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run back of a length and punched sweetly to mid-off;
16.6;4;Doherty to Bopara, FOUR runs top shot! Tossed up outside off and Bopara drives powerful through the covers. He stayed on leg stump to open the off side and produced a strong flick of his wrists. Classy.;
16.5;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run fired it at leg stump and it's tucked along the ground past a diving midwicket;
16.4;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run third in a row, this one bobbles off a bottom into big spaces on the leg side;
16.3;?;Doherty to Bopara, no run tries to do it again and this time is struck on the pad but well outside off;
16.2;2;Doherty to Bopara, 2 runs gets down early and laps this round the corner from a wide off-stump line through fine leg;
16.1;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run connects strongly with a sweep and it races straight to deep square;
15.6;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run good yorker to end with which Bopara forces down the on-side of the pitch and wants a single but it's not on;
15.5;1;Pattinson to Cook, 1 run neatly played, flipped off the back foot through midwicket;
15.4;1;Pattinson to Bopara, 1 run fuller outside off, Bopara drives and gets a think inside edge to the leg side;
15.3;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run short again and this time strikes Bopara in the stomach as he goes for a pull;
15.2;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run short outside off, Bopara has plans for a powerful pull through square leg but plays over the ball;
15.1;?;Pattinson to Bopara, no run full on off stump, driven firmly into the covers;
14.6;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run angled in towards leg stump from round the wicket and it's flicked to midwicket;
14.5;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run taken from way outside off with the turn and worked to short fine-leg who can't stop the single;
14.4;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run worked with strong wrists through the leg side from a ball around middle and off;
14.3;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run steps back to a shorter ball and flicks through straight midwicket;
14.2;?;Doherty to Cook, no run goes for a sweep and is struck well outside off stump;
14.1;?;Doherty to Cook, no run comes well outside off and defends to the leg side;
13.6;?;Clarke to Bopara, no run darted in very full and dug out into the off side;
13.5;4;Clarke to Bopara, FOUR runs there's some power behind that shot from Bopara as he stands on leg stump and thumps a short ball in front of square on the off side with placement to beat deep cover;
13.4;3;Clarke to Cook, 3 runs hint of width outside off and cut away backward point so this is turning into a good over for England;
13.3;1;Clarke to Bopara, 1 run driven off the back foot through the off side, touch short from Clarke;
13.2;?;Clarke to Bopara, no run;
13.1;2;Clarke to Bopara, 2 runs opens the face with excellent placement through the off side to find a gap backward of square;
12.6;?;Doherty to Cook, no run flighted outside off, played back to the bowler;
12.5;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run touch short, goes back and drives from in front of the stumps through cover;
12.4;?;Doherty to Bopara, no run flighted, outside off, guided to short third man;
12.3;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, clipped off the legs - they look for two but won't get it;
12.2;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run length, hit squarer this time through cover;
12.1;?;Doherty to Bopara, no run tossed up, bit of air outside off, played towards mid-off;
11.6;?;Clarke to Cook, no run full and around the line of off, pushed back on the off side;
11.5;?;Clarke to Cook, no run tossed up on the stumps and dabbed towards midwicket, who fields well;
11.4;1;Clarke to Bopara, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, Bopara drives wristily through the covers;
11.3;?;Clarke to Bopara, no run drags his line down, straightening outside off, played back to the bowler;
11.2;1;Clarke to Cook, 1 run flighted, drifting down the leg side, turned fine for a single;
11.1;?;Clarke to Cook, no run tossed up and pushed towards mid-on;
10.6;3;Doherty to Cook, 3 runs length ball, turning towards leg and Cook glances it fine, where Bailey does well to cut it off;
10.5;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run floats this one up and it turns into a full toss which Bopara clips wide of mid-on;
10.4;1;Doherty to Cook, 1 run tossed up outside off and swept hard through square to the man in the deep;
10.3;?;Doherty to Cook, no run round the wicket, spinning back in and chopped into the off side;
10.2;1;Doherty to Bopara, 1 run dragged short and wide, Bopara has to reach for it and chops the ball through the covers to the sweeper;
10.1;2;Doherty to Bopara, 2 runs touch short, outside off and guided behind square on the off side for a couple;
9.6;1;Clarke to Bopara, 1 run flighted, outside the line of off, tapped through point and Bopara is off the mark;
9.5;?;Clarke to Bopara, no run tossed up and pushed defensively into the off side;
9.4;W;Clarke to Trott, OUT this one spins, beats Trott's sweep and bowls him! Clarke held it up a bit this time, Trott was through the shot and the ball gripped, straightened and rattled into the top of off. Nice bowling from the captain - if only he could trust the frontline left-arm spinner in his side to do the same!;Jonathan Trott b Clarke 10 (35m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 50;
9.3;?;Clarke to Trott, no run over the wicket, pushed through on off and Trott is a bit late getting his bat down in defence;
9.2;1;Clarke to Cook, 1 run tossed up and swept through deep backward square for one;
9.1;?;Clarke to Cook, no run round the wicket, flighted outside off and played back to the bowler;
8.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run full and wide of off, Trott tries to shovel the ball into the leg side and his shot dies in front of mid-on;
8.6;1w;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 1 wide another bumper - but this one is called wide on height;
8.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run banged in wide of the stumps, Trott makes no attempt to cut;
8.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run length ball, around the line of off, pushed to mid-on;
8.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run length ball outside off, pushed towards point;
8.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Cook, 1 run full and sliced away along the ground down to third man;
8.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run full and straight, defended in front of the stumps;
7.6;4;Pattinson to Trott, FOUR runs full and wide, Trott rotates his wrists through a controlled cut shot, the ball scooting behind point, third man has no chance of getting round to cut it off;
7.5;1;Pattinson to Cook, 1 run pitched up, squirted in front of square on the off side, they put pressure on the fielder and steal one;
7.4;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run length ball, on off, played back down the strip;
7.3;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run length ball, defended in front of off;
7.2;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run touch fuller, Cook tries to drive and deflects the ball on to his front pad and away towards point;
7.1;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run smooth approach and delivery from Pattinson, line and length outside off and Cook leaves;
6.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run on the stumps, nudged into the leg side;
6.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run pitched on a length outside off, bit of extra bounce and the ball comes off the splice towards cover;
6.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run fullish and wide of off, punched to extra-cover;
6.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run bouncer, at the batsman, Trott ducks underneath;
6.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run touch short, wide of the stumps, Trott opens the face and tries to steer through gully but Smith reels it in;
6.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Cook, 1 run straight and slightly full, dabbed towards midwicket;
5.6;?;Pattinson to Trott, no run full and in the corridor, punched on the walk to mid-on;
5.5;1;Pattinson to Cook, 1 run length ball on the stump, dropped short on the leg side for a quick single;
5.4;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run defended in front of the stumps;
5.3;4;Pattinson to Cook, FOUR runs slightly short, wide of off and Cook manufactures a crunchy cut shot in front of point, the ball skidding away to the boundary;
5.2;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run tighter line, slightly back of a length, defended on to the pitch;
5.1;?;Pattinson to Cook, no run full and wide of the stumps, Cook doesn't need to play at that so he doesn't;
4.6;?;McKay to Trott, no run length ball outside off, Trott lets it through;
4.5;1;McKay to Cook, 1 run on the stumps, slightly full, deflected behind square and they get one to remove Cook from McKay's crosshairs;
4.4;?;McKay to Cook, no run line and length, sliding across, no stroke;
4.3;?;McKay to Cook, no run teasing line again, there's a sound on the way through and Dar gives it - but Cook immediately reviews. He's confident he didn't hit the ball and replays show a big chunk of bat on pad; Hot Spot also indicates the ball didn't brush the edge and the decision is oveturned;
4.2;?;McKay to Cook, no run slightly wider, good length again, Cook leaves this one;
4.1;?;McKay to Cook, no run pitched up on the stumps, Cook stays back and the ball leaves him a touch and fizzes past the outside edge - unplayable;
3.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run length ball on off, defended back to the bowler;
3.5;4;Hilfenhaus to Trott, FOUR runs drifts down the leg side and that's meat and drink to Trott who whips it fine, McKay can't quite pull off a sliding stop on the boundary;
3.4;2;Hilfenhaus to Trott, 2 runs touch short, steered behind point despite Warner flinging himself to his left;
3.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run length ball, on middle, punched to mid-on;
3.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run on the stumps, shuffles across and pushes short on the leg side;
3.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Trott, no run short of a length and tapped towards point;
2.6;4;McKay to Cook, FOUR runs short and wide, Cook goes back and lacerates and late, back-foot drive through cover-point for the first boundary of the innings;
2.5;2;McKay to Cook, 2 runs slightly full, on the pads and tipped in front of midwicket, Bailey hits at the non-striker's end and England pick up a second run as the ball deflects away;
2.4;?;McKay to Cook, no run length ball outside off, no stroke from Cook;
2.3;?;McKay to Cook, no run pitched up outside off stump, drive towards mid-on comes off the toe of the bat;
2.2;?;McKay to Cook, no run leg-stump line, tucks Cook up and hits him on the pad - but it was high;
2.1;?;McKay to Cook, no run drifts down the leg side, clipped in front of square and Bailey dives full length to stop it;
1.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Cook, 1 run pitched up, dropped short on the off side;
1.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run yorker length, on the stumps, Cook does well to jam his bat down on it;
1.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run solid forward defensive in front of off stump;
1.3;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run tighter line, played back down the pitch;
1.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run full and wide of the stumps, leans out and drives square, well fielded at point by Warner;
1.2;1w;Hilfenhaus to Cook, 1 wide pushed through outside off, no swing and that's a wide;
1.1;?;Hilfenhaus to Cook, no run good length, swinging back towards the stumps, Cook makes an astutely judged leave;
0.6;W;McKay to Bell, OUT full and straight, Bell advances, clips off the pads straight to midwicket! Bailey takes it comfortably and that's a first failure for Bell in his latest incarnation as an opener. Slightly soft dismissal but an early wicket is just what Australia needed;Ian Bell c Bailey b McKay 4 (4m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.5;2;McKay to Bell, 2 runs back of a length and wide of the stumps this time, cut behind point, third man comes round but can't prevent another two;
0.4;2;McKay to Bell, 2 runs touch short and angling in towards the pads, tapped through a gap at midwicket and they get back for a second;
0.3;?;McKay to Bell, no run beauty from McKay, pitching on a length and holding its line, Bell comes forward and is beaten pat his outside edge;
0.2;1;McKay to Cook, 1 run full and straight, Cook gets forward and nudges wide of mid-on for one;
0.1;?;McKay to Cook, no run back of a length, outside off and swinging away, no stroke;

Evening all. The Australians are back on the pitch, waiting for Alastair Cook and Ian Bell. Has George Bailey given them enough to defend? Probably not, though if Xavier Doherty can't outbowl James Tredwell, then they really are in bad shape. Ah, look, there's Mitch Johnson, on the field in place of David Hussey. And here come the umpires and England's openers ...
In absence of Brett Lee, it will be Clint McKay to take the first new ball
 Innings Start
Australia
England
5th ODI (D/N), Manchester, Jul 10 2012, Australia tour of England and Ireland
145/7
138/3
Player of the match is Ravi Bopara, ENG
England won by 7 wickets (with 11 balls remaining) (D/L method)
