Data
Right Australia have powered their way to 281 for 4. Adam Gilchrist, who's had a poor tournament so far, smashed 149 off 104 balls. Sri Lanka have hardly anytime to recover from this pounding and begin the run chase.
Farooq remains optimistic: "Tell you what, The game is not yet over. We need from Jayasuriya what Gilchrist has done. A 150 off 100 balls and Sri Lankans are World Champs." Over to Sid V for some more comments.
Thanks George. Now that was quite something. What Ponting did in 2003, Gilchrist managed today. He has never failed in a World Cup final and produced one of the great one-day knocks of all time today. Viv Richards, Aravinda de Silva and Ponting have made statements on the biggest stage and Gilchrist matched them, if not bettered them, at the Kensington Oval today.
The crucial phase of the innings was probably between overs 11 and 22, when Australia clattered 117. Dileep reports from Kensington: "The volunteers taking their bow at the break and getting cheered by the crowd"
Bikram chimes in: "Sri Lanka did well to 'restrict' Australia to only 78 runs in the last 10. They have given themselves a decent - I would say 5% chance of winning. They need to have a solid partnership, though. Either Jayasuriya or Jayawardene have to score a century. Well, let's see..."
The players are back on the field now. It may all be down to Jayasuriya. Bracken to start proceedings
37.6;1;Fernando to Symonds, 1 run excellent ball to finish, the yorker homes in on leg stump, Symonds backs away and digs it out, they run a single to short fine leg to finish tthe innings;
37.5;1;Fernando to Clarke, 1 run good length ball outside off stump, Clarke drives to long off for a single;
37.4;1;Fernando to Symonds, 1 run short ball, that was the slower bouncer once again, Symonds pulls it with one hand to midwicket;
37.3;1;Fernando to Clarke, 1 run what's going on here, Fernando bowls another yorker, Clarke digs it out and back to the bowler, Symonds sets off for the run but realises that Fernando has the ball, Fernando turns around and only has to roll the ball on to the stumps to dismiss Symonds, he misses and the Australians run an overthrow;
37.3;2nb;Fernando to Symonds, (no ball) 1 run excellent yorker from Fernando but he's overstepped;
37.2;1;Fernando to Clarke, 1 run full toss outside off stump, Clarke backs away, frees his arms and lashes it through point for one;
37.2;1w;Fernando to Clarke, 1 wide Fernando bowls a slower bouncer, Clarke is beaten by the change of pace but the umpire signals wide because that was too high, that's pretty harsh;
37.1;1;Fernando to Symonds, 1 run full and straight, very hard to hit, Symonds drives down to long off for a single;
36.6;4;Malinga to Clarke, FOUR runs Malinga tries to find the blockhole once more and strays down leg side, Clarke tries to flick but gets more of an inside edge that beats the man at short fine leg and runs down to the fence;
36.5;1;Malinga to Symonds, 1 run screaming yorker from Malinga, Symonds jabs down at it in the nick of time and sneaks a single towards cover;
36.4;1;Malinga to Clarke, 1 run full and straight on middle and leg stump, Clarke drives it firmly down to log on and nearly bumps into Symonds while trying to avoid running on the pitch;
36.3;?;Malinga to Clarke, no run Clarke drives it to cover and sets off for an easy single, but hang on, Aleem Dar signals dead ball and asks the batsmen to go back, I think he's penalising Clarke for running on the pitch;
36.2;W;Malinga to Watson, OUT bowled him! Shane Watson moves across and tries to play a cheeky paddle sweep over short fine leg, he played it extremely well against New Zealand, but Malinga is too quick for him, Watson doesn't make contact and the ball hits middle and leg stump;Shane Watson b Malinga 3 (3m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
36.1;2;Malinga to Watson, 2 runs excellent yorker, Watson jams his bat down in the nick of time and squeezes it towards mid on, the fielder is in the deep at long on and Symonds pounces on the chance to take two runs, superb running;
33.6;?;Jayasuriya to Symonds, no run flat and fast outside off stump, Symonds pulls out the reverse sweep but can't beat short fine leg;
33.5;?;Jayasuriya to Symonds, no run another one in the blockhole, that's two yorkers in a row, Symonds drives this to cover;
33.4;?;Jayasuriya to Symonds, no run defended to midwicket, that was very quick from Jayasuriya and in the blockhole;
33.3;4;Jayasuriya to Symonds, FOUR runs effortless from Symonds, he steps down the track again, gets to the pitch of the ball and hits through the line, he lofts that clean back over the bowler's head, superb placement;
33.2;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run played to midwicket for a single;
33.1;1;Jayasuriya to Symonds, 1 run Symonds jumps down the track and hammers a full toss back past Jayasuriya, it technically was a catch but you'd have to be extremely brave to try to catch that;
32.6;?;Fernando to Ponting, no run oh Fernando finishes with a slower ball that's a bouncer as well, Ponting gets into position for the pull but realises that he's far too early for the shot and bails out at the last moment;
32.5;1;Fernando to Symonds, 1 run tight line from Fernando, keeping it on a good length outside off stump, Symonds drives to mid off for one more;
32.4;1;Fernando to Ponting, 1 run fullish length outside off stump, Ponting drives but the timing isn't good, he collects one to mid off;
32.4;1w;Fernando to Ponting, 1 wide poor ball, full toss down leg side, wide called but he's lucky that Ponting didn't put that away;
32.3;2lb;Fernando to Ponting, 2 leg byes slowish delivery from fernando, Ponting aims to heave it on the leg side but gets an outside edge down to third man;
32.2;1;Fernando to Symonds, 1 run lucky break for Symonds, he tried to heave it down the ground but got an inside edge past the stumps and down to fine leg;
32.1;?;Fernando to Symonds, no run Fernando finds the blockhole outside off stump, Symonds squeezes it towards cover on the front foot;
35.6;2;Vaas to Symonds, 2 runs sloppy stuff from Malinga who dives over Symond's paddle-sweep at short fine leg to allow the batsman two runs when there should have been just one or ideally none;
35.5;1;Vaas to Watson, 1 run driven down to long off for a single;
35.4;W;Vaas to Symonds, OUT direct hit runs out Ponting! Symonds stepped down to a full toss and hit it hard to Jayawardene at cover, he called for the single and Ponting responded, Jayawardene took his time, aimed the throw at the batsman's end and hit the stumps, Ponting didn't wait for the umpire's decision, he was short by a long way;Ricky Ponting run out (Jayawardene) 37 (53m 42b 1x4 1x6) SR: 88.09;
35.3;1;Vaas to Ponting, 1 run driven down to long off for one;
35.2;2;Vaas to Ponting, 2 runs whoops, that's nearly a waist high full toss, Ponting makes room and drives through cover point for two more, Bucknor has warned someone for running on the pitch, looks like it's Ponting;
35.1;1;Vaas to Symonds, 1 run full and straight on off and middle stump, Symonds backs away and drives to long off for one;
34.6;1;Malinga to Symonds, 1 run Malinga strays on to the pads once more, dangerous line while fine leg is in the circle, Symonds flicks off his toes but straight to the man at fine leg;
34.5;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run full toss on leg stump, Ponting turns it to short fine leg for one;
34.4;6;Malinga to Ponting, SIX runs awesome strike, that's not as full as the others, Ponting uses the length to free his arms, he lofts that effortlessly over midwicket for six, outstanding timing;
34.3;1;Malinga to Symonds, 1 run full and fast, homing in on middle and leg stump, Symonds plays it through midwicket;
34.2;4;Malinga to Symonds, FOUR runs streaky stuff but Symonds will take it, he gets his front foot out of the way and tries to loft it over cover, the outside edge flies down to the third man fence, Malinga winces;
34.1;1;Malinga to Ponting, 1 run fired into off and middle stump, Ponting makes room and drives down to long on for a single;
31.6;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run fired into the pads once more, Ponting tries to sweep but doesn't make contact;
31.5;1;Jayasuriya to Symonds, 1 run full toss outside off, Symonds thumps it down the ground for a single, it all seems rather quiet now that Gilchrist is out;
31.4;1lb;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 leg bye Jayasuriya bowls it quick into Ponting's pads, he tries to flick but misses, Jayasuriya appeals for lbw but it was missing leg;
31.3;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run fullish delivery outside off stump, Ponting drives firmly to cover where Dilshan dives to his left and makes an excellent save;
31.2;1;Jayasuriya to Symonds, 1 run Jayasuriya fires that flat and fast into off stump, Symonds goes on the back foot and drives to long off;
31.1;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run dabbed with soft hands towards cover for a sharp single;
30.6;1;Fernando to Ponting, 1 run good length ball but the line is poor, down leg side, Ponting flicks to deep backward square leg for one more;
30.5;?;Fernando to Ponting, no run angled into the pads once more, Sangakkara collects it behind the stumps;
30.4;2;Fernando to Ponting, 2 runs fullish delivery on the pads, Ponting moves across his stumps and flicks to deep midwicket;
30.3;W;Fernando to Gilchrist, OUT finally finally they get Gilchrist out, Fernando bangs one short, Gilchrist swivels and tries to pull even though the length isn't short enough for the stroke, he gets a top edge and skies it straight to midwicket where Chamara silva takes an easy catch, Gilchrist leaves to a rousing ovation, he;s played one of the great World Cup innings;Adam Gilchrist c Silva b Fernando 149 (129m 104b 13x4 8x6) SR: 143.26;
30.2;1;Fernando to Ponting, 1 run Fernando fires a full toss into Ponting's pads, he flicks but can;t beat the man at short fine leg, Gilchrist calls for the single, it was risky, had there been a direct hit he would have been out;
30.1;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run full ball angling into Gilchrist from round the wicket, he drives it through covers for a single;
29.6;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run slog swept to deep square leg to bring up the fifty partnership.;
29.5;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run goes for the launched slog sweep again but can't get the timing, ball strikes him on the back foot;
29.4;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run short and wide outside off, turning in, tapped away to the off side;
29.3;2;Murali to Ponting, 2 runs on the front foot and flicking with the spin for a scampered couple. Malinga makes good ground but can't stop the brace;
29.2;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run on leg and spinning away, Gilchrist swivels around and angles it to backward square for a single;
29.1;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run Swept away crisply to backward square leg;
28.6;4;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, FOUR runs this is getting too easy. Full toss outside leg stump and paddled away cheekily past short fine for another four. What else can this man do? Anything actually;
28.5;6;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, SIX runs Brutal. Power and timing all the way to midwicket. Gilchrist down the ground in a twinkling flash and blitzes a smooth pendulum swing that soars the ball way over midwicket for a maximum;
28.4;1lb;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 leg bye full ball on middle, good bounce and Ponting tries to sweep it. Rapped on the pads and that's an appeal but it was probably too high;
28.3;1;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, 1 run full on middle, Gilchrist on the back foot and thumps it to midwicket for a single;
28.2;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run down the ground and tries to flay it over the bowler's head but the low trajectory allows only a thick inside edge to the leg side for a single;
28.1;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run full on middle and off, defended carefully to the off side;
27.6;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run down the track this time and driven to midwicket for a single;
27.5;?;Murali to Ponting, no run Ponting tries to sweep the offbreak but gets his front pad outside the line of off stump. Murali lets out an appeal but that can't be given;
27.4;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run swept away efficiently for another single. This is a motoring;
27.3;2;Murali to Gilchrist, 2 runs Whack! Slog sweep on his knees, high, very high, soaring to midwicket and two fielders converging but neither can get to it. It falls between them and they complete two;
27.2;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run works away the offbreak to the leg side for a single;
27.1;4;Murali to Ponting, FOUR runs outside leg stump and Ponting brings out a cute sweep to fine leg. Malinga can't cut it off and that's his first boundary;
26.6;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run pushed to the leg side for a single. Ponting struggling to get the score ticking in this over but does it matter with Gilchrist going such great guns at the other?;
26.5;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run tapped away to the off side;
26.4;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run good faster one again, Ponting doesn't get the freedom to do much with it;
26.3;?;Jayasuriya to Ponting, no run fast and full, patted to the off side;
26.2;1;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, 1 run flicked away for a single;
26.1;6;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, SIX runs Awwwww! Jayasuriya fires it in but Gilchrist is waiting, on his knees with that broadsword, and unleashes a most awesome hoick over midwicket for a soaring six. That was huge and simply mighty;
25.6;2;Murali to Ponting, 2 runs Again! This time Ponting has no clue against the doosra, another edge and again wide of Mahela. That was slightly wider;
25.5;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run beauty of a ball from Murali, sharp chance for Mahela at slip but he can't get to it. Sharp offbreak to Gilchrist and prods tentatively. The edge flies to Mahela's left and it's low. Super ball, deceived;
25.4;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run patted away to the off side for a simple single;
25.3;?;Murali to Ponting, no run good ball, offspinner pitching on off and Ponting, on the back foot, can only get a thick edge to the off side. Well deceived that time;
25.2;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run over the wicket to the left-hander, full ball on middle, Gilchrist on his knees and sweeping powerfully to backward square leg;
25.1;1;Murali to Ponting, 1 run he starts around the wicket to the right-hander, as he has so often in this tournament. Full ball on middle and leg, driven to long-on for a single;
24.6;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run pushes his front foot forward and drives to the leg side;
24.5;1;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, 1 run swept away to square for a single, Jayasuriya keeping it tight;
24.4;?;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, no run dot ball to Gilchrist, now that's a surprise. Driven back to the bowler;
24.3;?;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, no run fast and furious, Gilchrist pushes it back and the ball deviates off Ponting behind the bowler. The batsmen don't take a run;
24.2;1;Jayasuriya to Ponting, 1 run around the wicket to the right-hander and Ponting takes the cautious approach, pushing to the covers and taking an easy single;
24.1;1;Jayasuriya to Gilchrist, 1 run Fast and full on off, pushed back down the ground;
23.6;?;Vaas to Ponting, no run Good end to the over, Ponting glides it straight to point.;
23.5;?;Vaas to Ponting, no run similar delivery, no over-stepping this time and Ponting pushes to the off side looking for a single. Can't pierce the gap, though;
23.5;1nb;Vaas to Ponting, (no ball) over-stepping this time, nothing much has gone right for Vaas. Good length on the off stump and defended confidently to the covers;
23.4;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run another good yorker, Sri Lankans bowling as if it's the end overs now. They need to. Gilchrist has no room to free his arms and squeezes it out for a single to fine leg;
23.3;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run good length outside off, back cut straight to short third man.;
23.2;1;Vaas to Ponting, 1 run on the pads and flicked away for a single. Ponting off the mark. Sangakkara is switching between standing up and standing back.;
23.1;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run yorker length from Vaas, Gilchrist digs it out and drives it to mid-off for a single. He is on 119 and seems as if he's just getting set. A double-hundred in a 38-over clash? Who knows;
22.6;?;Malinga to Ponting, no run Good first ball to get. Yorker length on middle and off. He somehow gets bat and pad together to keep it out;
22.5;W;Malinga to Hayden, OUT Finally! Mahela Jayawardene pulls off a smart catch at cover and Hayden has to go. He tried to club it over the short extra-cover fielder but Mahela was waiting there. He timed his jump well and pulled off a double-handed take while in mid-air. Hayden's useful hand comes to an end. It was a 55-ball 38 but nobody will complain when your partner is going bananas at the other end.;Matthew Hayden c Jayawardene b Malinga 38 (100m 55b 3x4 1x6) SR: 69.09;
22.4;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run drifting on the pads and pelted away to deep square for a single. This is Gilchrist's first ever World Cup hundred. He was run-out on 99 in the league game against Sri Lanka in 2003;
22.3;4;Malinga to Gilchrist, FOUR runs That is a cracker, an explosive hoick off a slower ball. Gilchrist takes a mighty swipe at a full ball on off and though he doesn't get the timing manages a four to midwicket, probably the longest boundary;
22.2;4;Malinga to Gilchrist, FOUR runs where did that come from? Backing away to a full ball on leg stump and lofts it over mid-off for yet another four. Cool and easy, the bat handle seems to have turned in his wrists but what adjustment that was;
22.1;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run some swing for Malinga, that's a good sign. Full and on middle, he's kept it tight for most of the day. Driven confidently but straight to cover;
21.6;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run similar delivery, much better end to the over from Vaas and Hayden lets it through;
21.5;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run Sangakkara is back upto the stumps now that Vaas has found his line. Slightly full and wide outside off and Hayden lets it go unharmed;
21.4;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run that's much better again, another yorker length delivery on middle and that give Gilchrist no place to free his arms. Dug out back down the ground;
21.3;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run fuller and on off, much better, no room to work on and that's dug out to the off side;
21.2;4;Vaas to Gilchrist, FOUR runs short and again down the leg, Gilchrist needs no second invitation to pull it away. Thick under edge flies past the keeper for a four. This was off the bat and Vaas bleeding runs here. Too much for Sri Lanka's comfort;
21.2;5w;Vaas to Gilchrist, 5 wide Vaas losing his bearings here, down the leg side and Sangakkara is standing up. He can't get to it and that's another four down the leg side. Wides, five of them;
21.1;4;Vaas to Gilchrist, FOUR runs On the back foot, onto it in a flash, not that short but it's pulled away with utmost contempt. That shot had ruthlessness written all over it. Speeds away to the midwicket fence for a chilling four;
20.6;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run full on middle and leg, Gilchrist tries to flay it through the on side but the thick edge flies to third man. Drops short of the fielder again. He's edging them, they're going close but nothing more than that. What was that about fortune and the brave?;
20.5;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run full ball, slapped to the cover fielder;
20.4;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run Oh! Edged and a sensational catch from Sangakkara, or so it looked. Full ball, thick edge that flies to Sanga's left and he dives full length to pull off a stunner but the ball just couldn't say in the gloves when he hit the ground. That was an almost superb catch. Almost;
20.3;4;Malinga to Gilchrist, FOUR runs What a way to bring it up! Full ball outside off and it's slapped ferociously over mid-offf for a four. A century off 72 balls in a World Cup final. Adam Gilchrist take a bow! This has been a sensational effort and Kensington salutes him in admiration. Eight fours and six sixes. Take that;
20.2;1;Malinga to Hayden, 1 run yorker length almost and Hayden digs it out for a push through the leg side for a single;
20.1;6;Malinga to Hayden, SIX runs That is too imposing. Full ball on off, Hayden backs away and shows his brute force. Rocky and Hulk Hogan in one body, unleashes a mighty hoick over long-off and watches it sail over long-off for a six. One can say it wasn't well timed but it's maximum all the same;
19.6;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run slightly slower it seems again, on the pads, Gilchrist chips it dangerously and .. oh .. that could have easily gone to the short midwicket fielder but drops just short. Lady luck?;
19.5;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run full ball, on off and middle, Gilchrist within striking range of a century, pushes it back tentatively to the bowler;
19.4;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run on the off stump, Hayden backs away and tries to bludgeon it to the off side, it's a slower ball and there's a little bottom edge to short fine leg for a single. That could have easily gone onto the stumps. The fact is it didn't;
19.3;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run on the pads and that's flicked away to the deep square fielder for a single;
19.2;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run pushed to cover, quiet start here;
19.1;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run Vaas over the wicket to Gilchrist, short of a length, pushed back to the bowler on the back foot;
18.6;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run and Gilchrist flays it, absolutely lacing it down to third man;
18.5;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run full, straight, guided down to third man;
18.5;1w;Fernando to Hayden, 1 wide nice idea, poorly executed. Oh poor old Sri Lanka, they're not they're usual chipper selves and it's all rather going wrong for them. Wided outside the off stump;
18.4;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run good comeback from the bowler, pitching it up and daring the batsman...who drives it cleanly through to cover;
18.3;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs brilliant...brilliant shot, staying back in his crease and late-cutting it just beyond the scrambling Sangakkara. Perhaps fortunate...but it looked deliberate enough to me;
18.2;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run again outside-edged to third man;
18.1;4;Fernando to Hayden, FOUR runs oh, that's poor luck for Sri Lanka. Hayden has looked remarkably scratchy so far today, almost nervous - and he is given another slice of fortune with a careless slap which takes a thick outside edge down to the vacant third man;
17.6;2;Murali to Gilchrist, 2 runs clunked through midwicket for a single. Oh no, they're coming back for two - but Gilchrist has slipped mid-pitch...but no alarm, the fielder can't quite get it back in time;
17.5;6;Murali to Gilchrist, SIX runs but there he goes, and it's another huge slog-sweep over midwicket, in front of square. It's gone 10 rows back - a vast hit;
17.4;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run a touch more flight, Gilchrist is back and across, defending it fairly certainly;
17.3;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run quicker and flatter, defended off the back foot;
17.2;1;Murali to Hayden, 1 run swept once more;
17.1;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run and he goes for it, down on one knee, swinging it through midwicket;
16.6;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run cracked to long-off to end another expensive over;
16.5;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run good one to Hayden - a slower ball which Hayden, so heavily footed, is almost beaten by, defending it with an ugly poke away from his body;
16.4;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run another leg-side gift which Gilchrist accepts with glee, flicking it with a turn of the wrists through midwicket;
16.4;1w;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 wide that's poor - Sri Lanka are beginning to lose control here. It's down the leg side and rightly wided;
16.3;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs magnificent shot - quite beautifully timed, on-driving it with ominous power back past the vainly-diving Fernando for four;
16.2;6;Fernando to Gilchrist, SIX runs catch, catch it, a catch is on for long-off - but no! It sails over his head for six to bring up the pair's hundred partnership;
16.1;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run nearly! Very nearly bowled him there, super effort from Fernando, a slower ball which Gilchrist completely failed to pick;
15.6;?;Murali to Hayden, no run smacked back to him but Murali does well, diving to his right;
15.6;1w;Murali to Hayden, 1 wide again wided down the leg side;
15.5;?;Murali to Hayden, no run beaten! The doosra from Murali, turning back into Hayden who completely misread it, coming forward and trying to smack it down the ground. The ball crept through his bat and pad, very nearly knocking out his off stump;
15.4;?;Murali to Hayden, no run;
15.3;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run but Murali loses his line once again, down the leg side, and Gilchrist sweeps;
15.2;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run full, flat, quick and defended off the back foot;
15.1;1;Murali to Hayden, 1 run swept around the corner;
14.6;6;Dilshan to Gilchrist, SIX runs oh it's gone. It's gone long, very long - into the second tier of the stand over Dilshan's head. That was massive. A calm skip down the pitch, and a ferocious swing of the bat, the ball very nearly smacking into the camera in the stands;
14.5;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run Hayden comes irritably down the pitch, desperately trying to clunk his way into rhythm;
14.5;5w;Dilshan to Hayden, 5 wide oh, that's poor from Sri Lanka. A dreadful ball down the leg side, Sangakkara can't do anything to stop it and nor can fine leg;
14.4;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run a leg-side drifted which is nicely, easily nudged off his pads for a single;
14.3;?;Dilshan to Gilchrist, no run quicker and flatter, pushed back to him;
14.2;?;Dilshan to Gilchrist, no run bat-padded away; Dilshan skips to his left to field and, before doing so, raises his arms in an appeal before realising how daft it was;
14.1;6;Dilshan to Gilchrist, SIX runs huge from Gilchrist, absolutely vast six, skipping down the pitch and smacking him dead straight back over Dilshan's head;
13.6;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run clunked down the ground;
13.5;2;Murali to Gilchrist, 2 runs and Hayden goes for his first big Murali-mow over midwicket but it's too full, and he gets an inside edge down to Jayasuriya at fine-leg. Super running brings them two;
13.4;1;Murali to Hayden, 1 run too short from Murali and it's cracked into the covers;
13.3;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run not very convincing from Gilchrist there, waiting, waiting and waiting for it off the back foot before, at the very last moment, guiding it to point;
13.2;1;Murali to Hayden, 1 run swept to deep backward square;
13.1;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run in the air - ooh, just short of mid-off there, and such was its timing (and the rather sloppy fielding) that he picked up a single;
12.6;?;Dilshan to Hayden, no run and a better line from Dilshan with which to finish the over, straight, forcing him forward and it's defended on the front foot;
12.5;?;Dilshan to Hayden, no run squirted on the front foot out into the leg side - a spongy, squirty sort of shot, never getting hold of it;
12.4;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run no no no, too short, Gilchrist clunks it off the back foot down the ground;
12.3;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run straighter - better from Dilshan, cramping the batsman for room, and it's cut, without power, into the covers;
12.2;1;Dilshan to Gilchrist, 1 run very neatly played by Gilchrist, taking one fleet-footed step down the pitch and timing it without trying to hit it too hard, down to long-on for a single;
12.1;1;Dilshan to Hayden, 1 run too short, he skips back and cuts it hard behind point;
11.6;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run Murali roars the day's most angry appeal, demanding that the umpire raises his finger, but it pitched well outside leg;
11.5;1;Murali to Hayden, 1 run too short, Hayden is back onto his stumps and whipping it with a crack through midwicket;
11.4;1;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 run whipped through midwicket for a cheeky two;
11.3;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run ooh I'll have that - rapped on the pads, much straighter this time and Murali likes the appeal. The umpire does not;
11.3;1w;Murali to Gilchrist, 1 wide down the leg side, but only just...harshly wided by the umpire;
11.2;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run a quicker one, fuller too, which Gilchrist again misreads, rapped on the pads. The ever erudite, enthusiastic Sangakkara roars an unlikely appeal;
11.1;?;Murali to Gilchrist, no run ooh quick and straight, rapping Gilchrist on the pads and the ball bobbles out to into the off side;
10.6;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run outside off, too wide, and Gilchrist eases that into the off side off the back foot;
10.5;6;Fernando to Gilchrist, SIX runs that's big. Gilchrist just steps down and takes the ball from short on off and launches it over long-on;
10.4;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs the beast is unleashed. A half-volley and that's lashed through long-on;
10.3;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs full toss on leg and that's swiped through midwicket - where the fielder nearly stops the boundary, but can't quite;
10.2;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run dropped. Hard, but it's got to go down as a chance, as they say - slapped straight to the bowler's ankles. He clutches, vainly;
10.1;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run low full toss and, like an unruly ASBO holder, they're not the easiest to deal with - but he gave it the treatment with a sweet spank to long-off;
9.6;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run up there and that's tucked into short midwicket without much power;
9.5;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run slowish delivery dug out and then lifted over mid-on for a quick single;
9.4;2;Vaas to Hayden, 2 runs on off and that's in the air but away from the cover fielder;
9.3;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run cutting in at him on off and Hayden drives that straight, Vaas doing well to get hand on it to stop it;
9.2;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run cramped him for room there, Hayden would have liked to have driven that through the covers, but his wish wasn't granted;
9.1;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run decent delivery, up there on off and that's simply defended forward by Hayden;
8.6;4;Fernando to Gilchrist, FOUR runs tracer bullet stuff, Gilchrist's hand and eye coordinating well as usual with an aerial off-drive that races;
8.5;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run outside off, and that's a cracking drive to gully, and some equally tidy fielding by Arnold, picked up snappily. Well done everyone;
8.4;2;Fernando to Gilchrist, 2 runs short and Gilchrist is quick to pull that high over midwicket, but it's picked up inside the boundary;
8.3;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run outside off, and that's driven straight to the covers;
8.2;1;Fernando to Hayden, 1 run up there and Hayden looks to thump that through midwicket, but hasn't timed that properly, and it just crashes into the ground;
8.1;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run on leg, asking to be tucked off the toes, and the batsman obliges with a sweet dink;
7.6;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run pushed right up there, straight, and defence is the best form of defence;
7.5;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run worked away off the hips but there's cover at deep square leg;
7.4;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run outside off, some lesser-spotted width from Malinga, and that's driven slowly into the covers;
7.3;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run on leg this time, Gilchrist tucks it off his hips and will they run? "Nooo!";
7.2;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run plays right over that one, which is straighter, in defence;
7.1;2;Malinga to Gilchrist, 2 runs on leg and Gilchrist tucks that tidily off his hips through midwicket - and they run both of those very quickly;
6.6;4;Fernando to Hayden, FOUR runs too short and too wide, too, just outside off and that's pulled strongly in front of midwicket and there was no need to run for that, as Hayden immediately realised;
6.5;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run comes a touch wider from his crease, and that's a tighter angle in at Hayden, who drives that back to mid-off;
6.4;?;Fernando to Hayden, no run oh, a swing and a miss, Hayden rushing what would have been a huge off-drive at one which flicked past his outside edge, with a hint of swing;
6.3;1;Fernando to Gilchrist, 1 run a touch short, on off, and Gilchrist pulls that from outside off in front of midwicket, Maharoof doing well, diving to his left, to cut the ball off;
6.2;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run driven straight to the man at cover;
6.1;?;Fernando to Gilchrist, no run a hint of width first up and that's deceived the crowd - gully parrying up the ball to the lurking point behind, but it was a bump ball, thumped into the ground;
5.6;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run just the slightest hint of width, a hintette, and Hayden tries to force that into the covers, but it's on a very good length, and he can't get the ball away;
5.5;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run Malinga allows no room once more, and that's planted on a familiarly good length, Hayden just defending down;
5.4;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run forces him onto his back foot and he defends back down;
5.3;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run straight and Hayden defends tidily back;
5.2;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run quick single, well taken, and it's Hayden to face;
5.1;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run strange kind of shot, taken from off and driven to mid-off with a crouching drive;
4.6;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run up there, a quiet defence;
4.5;4;Vaas to Hayden, FOUR runs outside off, a touch too short and that's helped on its way through cover - Hayden quick to drive uppishly over the inner ring;
4.5;1nb;Vaas to Hayden, (no ball) on off and Hayden crouches over that one in defence, like shooing at a spider with a broom;
4.4;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run on off, up there, and that's defended on the back foot;
4.3;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run cheeky single, into short midwicket, and "Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah" - I think they want a run - they shuffle through;
4.2;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run outside off, nips away off the seam, a hint of extra bounce surprises Gilchrist who tries to cut, but plays under the ball;
4.1;4;Vaas to Gilchrist, FOUR runs on leg and that's immediately tucked off the hips and turned through fine leg;
3.6;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run over the wicket, by the way, and he shoots that one across Hayden, on a great length, and Hayden shoulders arms with a whirly-bat motion;
3.5;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run a touch outside off and that's cut down, defensively, into the off side;
3.4;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run Malinga bounces in, as does his hair, and again plants that on a very good length, leaving Hayden little option but to defend;
3.3;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run back of a length again, good pace, and that's defended down in front of him once more;
3.2;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run straighter and that's defended down into short leg;
3.1;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run right up there, on off, and Hayden defends that down off the back foot, picking up his chewing-gum chewing momentum to boot;
2.6;2;Vaas to Gilchrist, 2 runs run down to third man, good running gets them two despite a good throw;
2.5;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run again Gilchrist kept cramped, all he can do is push to point;
2.4;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run Vaas pegs the batsman back with that one;
2.3;6;Vaas to Gilchrist, SIX runs and again ... this time Gilchrist hits it on the up over wide mid-on and it carries the rope by a couple of yards;
2.2;4;Vaas to Gilchrist, FOUR runs the fireworks start ... Gilchrist flicks that dismissively off his legs, it was in the air but to the right of long leg, one bounce for four;
2.1;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run Gilchrist back and defends into the covers;
1.6;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run Hayden fends rather uncertainly into the leg side, midwicket in very quickly to prevent the run. That was more about self preservation than the single;
1.5;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run better line, pushed into the covers, a loud and quick "no";
1.4;1;Malinga to Gilchrist, 1 run leg-side, off Gilchrist's bat and then rump, long leg mops up;
1.3;?;Malinga to Gilchrist, no run Gilchrist whips it off his toes but slap-bang to midwicket. 86mph, he's cranking up the pace ...;
1.2;1;Malinga to Hayden, 1 run Hayden drops the ball into the leg side and scurries through for a quick single. Good calling, no danger as midwicket misfielded;
1.1;?;Malinga to Hayden, no run right on target - 85mph - Hayden solidly into line;
0.6;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run good ball - almost 80mph - and Hayden takes no risks and defends solidly;
0.5;1;Vaas to Hayden, 1 run again Vaas drifts to leg, Hayden shimmies towards the off and clips the ball to long leg;
0.4;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run Hayden hits back firmly and Vaas stops around his feet;
0.3;?;Vaas to Hayden, no run good line and length, firmly played back to Vaas who cannot get down quickly enough, mid-on ambles round to intercept;
0.2;1;Vaas to Gilchrist, 1 run Vaas strays to leg, Gilchrist flicks it into the on side, Fernando coming round from long leg misfields but no chance of a second;
0.1;?;Vaas to Gilchrist, no run Vaas right on the button, a bit full, and Gilchrist drives to mid-off;

12.15pm Here we go. The players are ready, the officials are ready ...
Martin Williamson, Sriram Veera, Will Luke, George Binnoy, Jenny Thompson and Siddhartha Vaidyanathan are your commentators ... Gilchrist to take strike and Chaminda Vaas to open up from the Joel Garner End almost three hours late ...
12.10pm The Sri Lankan side is on the boundary edge, stretching and looking understandably slightly nervous. After such a long wait they just want to get going.
Meanwhile, Mandira Bedi has changed her saree ...
12.05pm The sky is blue and we are ready to rumble. Surely they aren't going to bother with wasting time with national anthems ... let's just get on with the cricket.
11.50am So, 38 overs each, three bowlers can bowl eight overs, two seven, and the third Powerplay is ditched. The pitch is dry, there's a breeze blowing across the ground ... cue Ian Botham: "This pitch won't change. It looks flat, I don't expect it to do a great deal."
The first World Cup final in 1975 was 60 overs a side, started at 10.30am and finished at 8.43pm. And it was sunny and hot all day. What a contrast ...
11.45am Massive cheers as the last of the covers comes off, and the Sri Lankans come onto the outfield to warm-up ... again. "At least the raindrops have been musical," says a bored Andrew Miller. "The one dripping next to me fits the soca rhythm very nicely ..." Now we are told a 12.15pm start and 38 overs a side. Believe it when it happens.
11.40am No sooner have we been told a tale of gloom, that the covers are again coming off and the umpires have appeared. It's still drizzling, though. Could it be that TV channels are dictating that the game ought to be played today?
This is so frustrating for everyone in Australia as they are staying up in the hope that the match starts ... and they know that if they go to bed then no sooner will they have done so that the rain will stop. Stay with it ...
We are told that there is a row brewing in India where people are angry because Mandira Bedi is sporting a saree that has different flags stitched on it ... and the Indian flag was near her feet and that is supposed to be an insult.
Blackburn are now beating Charlton. What on earth else can go wrong today?
11.35am Our man on the spot says now the rain is really heavy and he has seen signs of people building lifeboats. I suspect the weather has got to him, but he doesn't reckon there is much chance of the game starting today. And he is usually relentlessly optimistic. But nothing official as yet, so there is still hope.
Here's the thing ... the powers that be will not want this match to start unless it does very soon as it will be reduced a crash-bang 20 or 30 overs affair and then they will be even more lambasted for the format than they already have been (I know it seems impossible that they could be). So while there was the will to get underway up to the last hour, that's diminishing faster than the booze in the ICC president's box. All back tomorrow for another toss and a fresh game? We will see.
Back in the real world, Charlton have scored at Blackburn.
11.25am This is not looking at all good. The drizzle is steady ... and we have confirmation that overs are being lopped off.
11.15am Covers on, drizzle in the air. The corporate guests have now been inside their air-conditioned and booze-laden boxes for three hours. Even if the match starts today, none of them are likely to notice. Outside, the authorities have taken things in hand and turned up the volume on the music. Gnasher suggests they have only done so to drown out the sound of Percy Sonn belting out "My Way" in the ICC bolt hole.
Forget Cricinfo 3D," emails Nigel. "What you need to produce is an internet based alarm system for those of us waiting around at 1:30am Sydney time to see if the match will actually start?" It will be suggested ...
11.10am "I don't like cricket," sings Jenny. " I really hate it." Not quite what 10CC (or the ICC) had in mind, but she has a point. We have eaten the entire day's biscuit supply already. The covers, meanwhile, are as stuck in place as Will's hand in his pocket when it comes to buying a drink. "I'm not tight," objects Will, before admitting that he has not bought anyone a beer since Sri Lanka last held the World Cup.
11.05am Very bad language from many sitting near me as the covers come back on. We had some blue sky but the dark clouds have come back.
Re the number of overs that will be deducted ... we won't know how many until we get a start time, then it will be calculated.
We have just heard that if there is no play by 2.15pm (18.15GMT) then we all get to go home and come back tomorrow. How on earth do I explain to my wife that I can't take her to the coast because it's raining in the Caribbean ...
10.55am And the cover comes off ... that's been the highlight of the fun so far today. Our man in the stands says: "Just a few seats still to be taken - the music is loud and clear and at midwicket the Aussie fans are still keeping themselves entertained by hitting around a big inflatable ball."
Being really miserable, if there is no play today or tomorrow then the teams will be declared joint winners.
10.50am It's all rather nothing. The rain has almost stopped, but not enough to allow the covers to come off. A few people are milling around the perimeter, but more in hope than expectation that things are about to happen.
"The tournament has lost its charm right from the beginning with India and Pakistan being out in first round, rain spoiling so many matches and now final too," emails Piyush.."Its been dragging on and on." Many have argued that the World Cup has been poor because of India and Pakistan's elimination. A few have suggested that both should be guaranteed semi-final berths ...
10.35am Back come the main covers as the drops of rain that remained become heavier. This is all very tedious. The delay means that over deductions will kick in fairly soon. We are trying to find out exactly when.
Until not so long ago, they would have started the match today and carried on into a second day to ensure both teams got the full 50 overs. The change is for TV companies, who hate their schedules being mucked up. But this is the biggest match in the game. Everything else has been sold out by the ICC, surely for one match they could put cricket before cash? Rant over.
"This is a very, very, very ugly tournament," emails Sam, echoing the views of hundreds of others. "Everyone lost interest after it dragged on and on and on. If the final is washed out by rain for both the days then it will be a fitting end to the shambles. The ICC is on a mission to kill the interest in the game."
"The tournament has been a failure and could begin the end of one day cricket, at least in its current format," adds Justin.
Many others ask why, given all the cash spent on the tournament and pouring into the ICC's coffers, the final is not played in a stadium with a retractable roof.
10.30am The off-on-off nature of the day continues. The rain has eased and the covers are coming off. The players remain in the dressing-rooms.
10.25am A bit depressing. Everyone has deserted the outfield and is seeking shelter. No sign of any relief, either. In view of that, email us and say what you think of the tournament ... good, bad or downright ugly? Send in your views.
Otherwise, check out Sambit Bal's blog from the final. He likes blogs, does our Sambit.
10.20am Sadly for the ICC, the delay is giving several TV stations the chance to savage the format of the competition. And they are really piling in. Back at the ground, the crowd are being pretty patient. Lots of beach-balls bouncing around the Aussie contingent. They are probably seeking asylum from the Gabba fun police.
If there is no play today, aside from the entire Cricinfo staff resigning, the captains toss again and they can change their team selections.
10.15am It's really rather nasty now, people huddled under umbrellas and most trying to find shelter under the stands. The only people dry (on the outside) are those packed in the corporate boxes. If we don't start soon then we will have to begin docking overs ... and if we don't start soon then Percy Sonn may start singing.
Just to clarify. If it continues raining then overs get knocked off as the rules are that we have to get the game finished today. The only time we spill over is if each side cannot get 20 overs in today.
10.10am The rain is now heavy and all the covers have been rushed back into place. We won't start at 10.15am, that's certain. One sky beyond one side of the ground is bright, the other dark.
10.05am As Supertramp once sang, it's raining again. Not that heavy but the main cover is back on. Looks no more than a brief squall, but the sky is very dark.
Mad V emails to point out that Channel 9 and Fox delayed showing the toss while their experts predicted that Australia would bat if they won it. And, lo and behold, when they showed the delayed transmission, that's what happened.
10.00am Experts analysis can't decide if this is a good toss to win or lose! The pitch was covered throughout the downpours, so it should still be true.
9.55am The captains on their way, the trophy is joining them as well . We have the toss. Australia win the toss and bat. Ponting called heads, and heads it was. A massive cheer from the stands.
Ricky Ponting: "We're going to have a bat first. The wicket, ah, looks nice with a bit on top. The team's up and ready. We've been looking forward to this moment for a long time. Aw, there will be a few nerves, but we've got a lot of experienced guys there. It's a big day for them."
Mahela Jayawardene. "Ah, it looks pretty flat for me. We were thinking of batting first but after seeing the conditions we were unsure what to do. I am happy losing the toss, basically! It's a brilliant atmosphere for us and we're here to have some fun."
Australia 1 Matthew Hayden 2 Adam Gilchrist (wk), 3 Ricky Ponting (capt), 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Andrew Symonds, 6 Michael Hussey, 7 Shane Watson, 8 Brad Hogg, 9 Nathan Bracken, 10 Glenn McGrath, 11 Shaun Tait.
Sri Lanka 1 Sanath Jayasuriya, 2 Upul Tharanga, 3 Kumar Sangakkara (wk), 4 Mahela Jayawardene (capt), 5 Chamara Silva, 6 Tillakaratne Dilshan, 7 Russel Arnold, 8 Chaminda Vaas, 9 Dilhara Fernando, 10 Lasith Malinga, 11 Muttiah Muralitharan.
9.50am The toss remains imminent. The stumps are in the pitch and the players are looking more and more ready to rumble.
9.45am We are told the toss is imminent ... the covers are almost all off. Andrew Miller says that the pitch looks "hard and full of runs ... but I would still bowl if I won the toss". The charming tournament mascot, Mello, soggy and probably very smelly after seven weeks, is terrorising small children in the stands ...
9.40am Sorry that this is becoming more like the Meteorological Office website ... rain has stopped, covers being unpegged in preparation for the toss ... but although there has been no announcement, it's been delayed as it should be happening now. But we are told the start will now be at 10.15am.
"This is so frustrating and irritating," emails Hital. "I feel like banging a watermelon on Malcolm Speed's head." We've just sent someone down to the shops ...
9.35am Bad news. It's started raining again. Not heavy, just a shower, and everyone is remaining Canute-like in the middle. The groundstaff are continuing to drag the rope across the outfield to remove excess moisture. A spectator says: "One side of the ground we have blue sky with white clouds, and the opposite at the other side from where the rain is coming."
9.25am Both teams are out warming up. The main cover is still there, guarded by the all-yellow groundstaff, but that's a precaution. It will come off just before the toss. Andy Atkinson, the head groundsman, is pacing like an expectant father.
Looks like we're about 45 minutes from play starting...but, donning your anorak, you can keep an eye on the satellite above Barbados.
9.20am Oh fiddle. The big cover is coming back on again. It's not raining but the groundstaff are looking towards the heavens suspiciously. Despite that, the powers that be say the toss will be at 9.40am and we will start, rain permitting, at 10.10am. Lunch will be half an hour and, as yet, there are no over deductions, so it's still 50 a side. "An excess of Aussie fans at midwicket. The entire stand is yellow," notes Andrew Miller.
Someone chips in with some trivia: "This is the second World Cup final delayed by rain. The 1999 Lord's game was delayed by half an hour. Also, the 1996 final between the two teams saw some early rain though there was no delay at Lahore." I had to sell my ticket for the 1999 final as my daughter rather selfishly decided to be born in the early hours. I did watch the 1979 and 1983 finals though ... enough of that.
9.15am Some of the players are heading out onto the outfield and the tarpaulins are slowly being removed. The sky remains gray but it's stopped raining ...
"Your reports say it's raining," Scott Latham says, "but the TV commentary we're getting in Australia shows blue skis with no sign of rain, which is apparently live from the ground." This is completely wrong. The skies are about as blue as lump of coal. Forty minutes ago it was lovely, but less so now. You are watching pre-recorded stuff.
9.10am "Ooh, now it's lovely bright sunshine again. This weather is as schizophrenic as my first girlfriend," says the always sensitive Miller. But, in fairness, she was a bit strange. The groundstaff are stirring ...
Meanwhile, a fun article in The Daily Telegraph where Jim White lays into Malcolm Speed, and why not, He is paid more than US$550,000 a year and should have broad shoulders ... "Malcolm Speed, the chief executive of the International Cricket Council, despite presiding over the most over-stretched, bloated shambles of a competition, despite his organising committee redefining the term criminally short-sighted, is to carry on, refusing so much as to contemplate handing over to someone else."
We've only been on air 30 minutes and already we've provoked somebody. And we haven't even mentioned the ICC yet. "It's not raining there," screams and blasphemes a furious Bruce Freedman. "What kind of stunt are you trying to pull?" Yes it is raining, Bruce, unless you disagree with our man at the ground, Andrew Miller. Careful: we'll set him on you.
9.07am Andrew Miller: "It's streaking in from the South East, apparently. A big fat lurking cloud that really doesn't like the ICC ... Ok, now this is properly damp now ... like utterly minging."
9.05am Covers in place, low and leaden clouds in place. Andrew Miller adds to the gloom. "And now it's hammering down again ..." All a bit depressing. To reiterate ... rules for the final are the same as with earlier rounds, so a late start means that overs are docked off, even though we have a reserve day.
9.00am Here are the teams then ...
Australia 1 Matthew Hayden 2 Adam Gilchrist (wk), 3 Ricky Ponting (capt), 4 Michael Clarke, 5 Andrew Symonds, 6 Michael Hussey, 7 Shane Watson, 8 Brad Hogg, 9 Nathan Bracken, 10 Glenn McGrath, 11 Shaun Tait.
Sri Lanka 1 Sanath Jayasuriya, 2 Upul Tharanga, 3 Kumar Sangakkara (wk), 4 Mahela Jayawardene (capt), 5 Chamara Silva, 6 Tillakaratne Dilshan, 7 Russel Arnold, 8 Chaminda Vaas, 9 Dilhara Fernando, 10 Lasith Malinga, 11 Muttiah Muralitharan.
8.55am "Stopped raining, but the clouds are still lurking," chirps Miller, happy for about three seconds ... then he says: "Actually, it's just started raining again. That's it, I quit." Another victim of the ICC's never-ending tournament ... Now, not wishing to add to the gloom, but at the other Oval, the one in Kennington, it's hovering around 80 degrees and Shane Warne is bowling in quite glorious sunshine.
Teams confirmed, as expected, Fernando keeps his place.
8.50am Brightening up a little but still damp. Rules for the final are the same as with earlier rounds, so a late start means that overs are docked off, even though we have a reserve day. So the ICC could have their Twenty20 final a few months early if this carries on.
8.40am Puddles now forming on the covers ... still raining. " Doom and gloom pervading the echoing stadium," reports Miller. He is a glass-half-empty man on a good day. We will try to ignore him. If you have any comments, send them in and it will help pass the time as the rain falls.
8.35am Andrew Miller send this gloomy report. "A touch overcast this morning. A stiff breeze coming across the ground, and some ominous black clouds out behind the media centre. In fact, it's just started to rain. Only a passing shower, but I think we can expect more of the same as the day goes on."
So, some 47 days since the tournament started ... it seems like it was only yesterday ... and we have finally reached the final. Unlike so many other games, however, this should be a cracker.
8.30am Good morning and welcome to our coverage of the ninth World Cup final. Teams, toss and all that stuff to follow shortly. We have all our commentary team in action today, so it will be a mix of me, Martin Williamson, Sriram Veera, Will Luke, George Binnoy, Jenny Thompson and Siddhartha Vaidyanathan. If this was a group stage match we would outnumber the crowd.
 Innings Start
Well, that's about it. Much will be written about the tournament in the coming days but for now from the whole Cricinfo commentary team, it's goodnight and thank you for staying with us over the last seven weeks. Australia have won the World Cup for the third time in a row. Will they make it four in four in Asia in 2011?
7.08pm At last we are ready to hand over the trophy. And it's Sonn who passes it it to Ponting and the skipper is immediately showered in champagne by team-mates and ticker-tape from off stage. Steel drums burst into life as the Australians adopt the traditional pose for the cameras. The dancers start their act on the outfield. Let the party begin.
7.06pm Tony Cozier interviews Ricky Ponting. "Aw look, an amazing feeling actually. We've got a great support here today, too. Unbelievably proud of what we've been able to achieve. Everything came together for us really well in the final."
7.04pm And now to present the medals to the Australians ... Percy Sonn. Oh Good. Misread things again. It should be a Caribbean legend and not a self-important and unpopular ICC official. Cheers for the players in the squad as they trot up ... McGrath gets a louder than average cheer.
7.02pm Garry Sobers up to present the Player-of-the-Tournament award to ,,, Glenn McGrath. Not a bad way to sign off! "I've really enjoyed this tournament. I just went out there and had fun," he says.
6.59pm Everton Weekes up to present the Man-of-the-Match award to Adam Gilchrist. An easy choice. "A satisfying day and a satisfying finish," he beams. "It's closure on some amazing careers - Glenn McGrath, John Buchanan. "The great thing about walking out to bat with Haydos...it's about the partnership. I want to thank all the team for continuing to show the great belief in me. It's a high standard that these guys and when you're not reaching them, you start to doubt yourself. I want to thank those guys for helping me."
When asked to describe this tournament he calls it: "The never-ending one."
6.58pm Ken Gordon back to present medals to the third and fourth umpires.
6.54pm Now here is Malcolm Speed to present medals to the Sri Lankans ... they come up in turn and are cheered. Jayawardene is interviewed and answers questions warmly and well.
6.51pm Chris Dehring is again booed as he presents a medal to Jeff Crowe, the match referee. And Ken Gordon gets more boos as he presents medals to the umpires ... they get warm applause, rightly. Dehring comes forward ... again ... to present a medallion to the groundsman.
6.46pm Percy Sonn up to say a word. Oh good. Usual platitudes ... thanking everyone who has "contributed to the success of the tournament". Well, he has been in South Africa for most of it, so he can be forgiven. Just what the crowd wants after a long day, much of it in the rain. Percy in full list-achievements-and-records mode. Can we see the cup presented please? Nope ...he's thanking global partners and generous sponsors. This man can really fail to grasp what the people want ... and not even a passing mention of Bob Woolmer.
6.44pm Tony Cozier introduces the dignitaries. Sonn sneaks in almost unnoticed. Speed gets booed. Good. Ken Gordon gets booed. Chris Dehring gets booed ... a lot. Everton Weekes gets a loud cheer. Garry Sobers gets a really loud cheer. Cozier thanks the volunteers, and they have done a great job in trying circumstances, and the fans and the people of the Caribbean. And then he ruins it by thanking the daft Mello.
6.42pm We have arc lights in place which have lit up the outfield ... not sure why they could not have been used in the last few overs, but the rules almost certainly forbade them. But it means that the dancers will get their moment. Almost ready for the presentations and accompanying ceremony.
6.40pm It's really a sad finish for the Caribbean. We have dancers who have been rehearsing for ages for the post-match celebrations out in the middle around the podium, but nobody can see them as it is now night. Clearly, nobody stopped to consider that the game might not finish on time. Meanwhile, Australia are lapping up the acclaim of their supporters, as well they might.
6.30pm Congratulations to Australia who were the best team from the first match and maintained their relentlessly high standard throughout. Sri Lanka gave them a game but on the day came up just short.
There's a certain irony that cricket's four-yearly showcase ended in farce ... Australia, Sri Lanka, the Caribbean and millions of spectators deserved more but given what has gone before today, it was almost inevitable. You can spin it all you like, this tournament has not done the game any favours and people at the top, if they had any decency, would be contemplating their futures. But we all know that won't happen.
The late start and finish at least means that the post-match waffle from the great and good of the game - the officials, not the players - will be mercifully curtailed. I imagine that Malcolm Speed is relieved given that he will hardly be expecting a reception accorded to a returning hero. Percy Sonn could set a record here ... he was booed in 2003 after his trouser episode, so could achieve a unique double.
Australia acknowledge their supporters on a lap of honour as the lights from the stands dazzle out into the night.
Australia win by 53 runs Smiles all round as the two teams shake hands. They have given us good entertainment today. Adam Gilchrist: "We're thrilled. Great support, yeah. Amazing feeling. Really pleasing to do it [get a hundred] on an important day."
"Bit dark at the moment," deadpans McGrath, "but loving every minute."
The helpers are erecting the podium for the presentations ... in complete darkness.
All shake hands with McGrath as he heads off with a stump. He really deserved to go out on a high, and while he has in that he finishes with a winner's medal, the end has been so unsatisfactory.
Australia celebrate, as well they might. The ground is strangely quiet, as if the fans know they have again been sold down the river. Australia huddle again. Ponting's all a-beaming. We're getting a strange sense of deja vu.
35.6;?;Symonds to Vaas, no run missed, a loud appeal, not out but mercifully it's all over and Gilchrist lets out a roar;
35.5;?;Symonds to Vaas, no run missed, padded into the leg side;
35.4;?;Symonds to Vaas, no run missed and off the pad;
35.3;1;Symonds to Fernando, 1 run swung into the leg side;
35.2;?;Symonds to Fernando, no run blocked;
35.1;?;Symonds to Fernando, no run left alone;
34.6;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run sorry, no idea as we simply could not see;
34.6;2w;Clarke to Fernando, 2 wide missed sweep down the leg side, Dar signals a wide to the delight of the umpires who feel he has behaved like a complete fool;
34.5;?;Clarke to Fernando, no run blocked again, almost mocking the umpires;
34.4;?;Clarke to Fernando, no run forward defensive shot;
34.3;?;Clarke to Fernando, no run padded into the off side;
34.2;1;Clarke to Vaas, 1 run driven to long-on;
34.1;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run floated up and blocked;
33.6;W;Symonds to Malinga, OUT a big swing and a miss, Gilchrist whips off the bails, Dar calls for the third umpire as he could never have seen that far with any certainty;Lasith Malinga st ?Gilchrist b Symonds 10 (6m 6b 0x4 1x6) SR: 166.66;
33.5;1;Symonds to Vaas, 1 run flicked to midwicket;
33.4;?;Symonds to Vaas, no run driven back to Symonds who hears it coming towards him and fields;
33.3;1;Symonds to Malinga, 1 run gently floated up, driven to long-on;
33.2;1;Symonds to Vaas, 1 run slogged to midwicket;
33.1;2;Symonds to Vaas, 2 runs outside edge through backward point. Even the TV cameras are struggling to follow this;
32.6;2;Clarke to Malinga, 2 runs width outside off and that's worked out off the back foot to gully;
32.5;6;Clarke to Malinga, SIX runs now that's a big one. Malinga's got a great eye, dancing and leaning into that one to sail it over long-on with an admirable aerial drive;
32.4;1;Clarke to Vaas, 1 run aerial drive over long-off;
32.3;1;Clarke to Malinga, 1 run swats at that one, aiming a heave off the back foot to cover;
32.2;?;Clarke to Malinga, no run that one stays low as it slinks down the off-side channel;
32.1;1;Clarke to Vaas, 1 run a quick single, for what it's worth;
31.6;1;McGrath to Vaas, 1 run up there and that's tucked off the legs to square for an easy run;
31.5;W;McGrath to Arnold, OUT nasty ball, especially in this light - a full toss above the waist. But Australia, including McGrath, just smile as Arnold pops up an edge off a pull to Gilchrist... and takes his international bow;Russel Arnold c ?Gilchrist b McGrath 1 (9m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
31.4;1;McGrath to Vaas, 1 run short and pulled up, but safe, into midwicket;
31.3;?;McGrath to Vaas, no run tried to steer that one - on middle - into midwicket, but realised the length was tidy and stopped on the shot;
31.2;?;McGrath to Vaas, no run on leg and that's worked into short midwicket;
31.1;1;McGrath to Arnold, 1 run McGrath finds some hostility again, a straight bouncer that's well poked down late, off the back foot;
30.6;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run "Oh yes, Clarkey!" cries Gilchrist as the batsman is tucked up yet again, Clarkey no doubt whispering a bedtime story of goodnight while he's at it;
30.5;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run down the off channel again and once more aims a slash at that one, this towards cover, but it goes through to Gilchrist;
30.4;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run too late on that shot, cutting over it;
30.3;?;Clarke to Vaas, no run up there and that's driven slowly to cover where Clarke races around to pick up the ball one-handed. Good racing;
30.2;2;Clarke to Vaas, 2 runs outside off, cut down, and McGrath tiptoes across at third man - it's immensely boggy down there - to pick up the ball;
30.1;W;Clarke to Silva, OUT comes down and swats the air with a huge swipe aiming for midwicket. Misses it completely and the ball plinks into the sticks;Chamara Silva b Clarke 21 (41m 22b 1x4 1x6) SR: 95.45;
30.1;2w;Clarke to Arnold, 2 wide down leg and that's a really wide;
29.6;W;McGrath to Dilshan, OUT on off, quicker than expected, and that was tucked down to third man. Some great work from Clarke and McGrath there, as Dilshan slipped on setting off - a throw heading just towards the stumps, McGrath takes it in front and takes off the bails;Tillakaratne Dilshan run out (Clarke/McGrath) 14 (20m 13b 2x4 0x6) SR: 107.69;
29.5;?;McGrath to Dilshan, no run a testing delivery, a bouncer which follows the batsman and he backs away enough at the end;
29.4;1;McGrath to Silva, 1 run short and that's pulled easily and with great timing through midwicket;
29.3;1;McGrath to Dilshan, 1 run that one cuts in off the seam, there's a dab down and a tip-and-run to make coaches everywhere proud;
29.2;?;McGrath to Dilshan, no run pings that one in on that maddening length he favours, and the batsman steps back to swipe on his back foot, and connects with air only;
29.1;1;McGrath to Silva, 1 run he's still got the fire and bangs that one in, which doesn't lift because of the bogginess of the wicket and it's muscled into short midwicket;
28.6;4;Tait to Dilshan, FOUR runs low full toss and that's swiped away with a deliciously timed pull through midwicket - clean shot, cool result;
28.5;1;Tait to Silva, 1 run the batsman steps back as the bowler runs in, and then strides into a flashing cover-drive which again picks out a fielder;
28.4;?;Tait to Silva, no run on off and there's a mistimed pull up towards mid-on, not at all where he intended that to go;
28.3;1;Tait to Dilshan, 1 run a slither of room outside off but Dilshan forces it out to cover;
28.2;?;Tait to Dilshan, no run a touch of width, but that's cut straight to the fielder and without much power either;
28.1;1;Tait to Silva, 1 run slings that one in on middle and it's played forward into the covers;
27.6;1;Bracken to Silva, 1 run over again and that's pushed across him once more, but with a touch more room and a flatter angle, so it's easily driven out to cover;
27.5;?;Bracken to Silva, no run over the wicket and the batsman pokes out as that one seams past him and slightly away - Gilchrist whips the bails off but the stumping was never really on;
27.4;4;Bracken to Silva, FOUR runs horrible delivery and help yourself - well turned off his thighs behind square, a very neat flick through fine leg;
27.3;1;Bracken to Dilshan, 1 run gives himself room again, but this time picks out a fielder with the cover-drive;
27.2;4;Bracken to Dilshan, FOUR runs width outside off, Dilshan plants his left leg towards mid-on and opens up to give himself room to drive through cover. Great timing;
27.1;1;Bracken to Silva, 1 run dropped. That travelled back at face height, so Bracken did well to even clasp at it and get a hand to it;
26.6;?;Clarke to Dilshan, no run on leg and that's shuffled forward;
26.5;1lb;Clarke to Silva, 1 leg bye on leg and that's swept behind square. There's the "Hooo" part of an appeal but wzat's not out, missing leg;
26.4;1;Clarke to Dilshan, 1 run on one knee and that's an attempted reverse sweep which finds the fielder;
26.3;1;Clarke to Silva, 1 run dinked forward;
26.2;6;Clarke to Silva, SIX runs top shot, really very good indeed. A half-tracker that just hits a squidgy part of the track and sits up innocently, only to be hooked with consummate timing, flat, over midwicket;
26.1;1;Clarke to Dilshan, 1 run round the wicket, floats that wide outside off. There's a full-blooded attempt to cut that, but he doesn't quite connect;
25.6;1;Watson to Dilshan, 1 run attempted yorker just to say turns into a very low and flat full toss, straight, which is swished off the toes to midwicket with a gentle nudge;
25.5;W;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT on middle-and-leg and that's a throaty gurgle of a roar for lbw, and it looks like a good shout, and the umpire agrees;Mahela Jayawardene lbw b Watson 19 (31m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
25.4;1;Watson to Silva, 1 run comes forward and closes his bat down into his pad to squeeze out a quick single into short cover;
25.3;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run oh, nice nip of pace there, cutting back in at the righthander and popping just a touch, with a nice wristy cut and some quick running;
25.3;2w;Watson to Silva, 2 wide a pretty wide down leg, the batsman swivels round to give game chase, but Bucknor correctly calls it;
25.2;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run outside off, Jayawardene crouches into a neat cut and they shuffle through;
25.1;1;Watson to Silva, 1 run rushes that one up there on off, it doesn't get up, but it's played too late with a straight bat;
24.6;1;Tait to Silva, 1 run on off, just back of a length and that's poked down to third man;
24.5;?;Tait to Silva, no run uppishly spooned just in front of Clarke who treads cautiously around to field;
24.4;?;Tait to Silva, no run sliced on the front foot, with one hand coming off the bat, to Clarke at backward point who is almost winded there, hit in the chest;
24.3;1;Tait to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run a little fuller this time allowing him to come forward and pick it up down to long-on;
24.2;?;Tait to Mahela Jayawardene, no run short, and he goes for a pull but he can't connect and it flies through to the wicketkeeper;
24.1;?;Tait to Mahela Jayawardene, no run ooh a bouncer - a good one, were it not wide. But remarkably it's not called a wide - it sailed over the batsman's head who couldn't have reached it with two bats, let alone one;
23.6;1;McGrath to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run again late cut down to third man. Skillfully played...but Sri Lanka need a lot more than deft cuts at the moment;
23.5;1;McGrath to Silva, 1 run elegantly driven on the front foot, opening the face of the bat down to third man;
23.4;?;McGrath to Silva, no run just short of a length - wider, too - and he tries to uppercut it but again misses;
23.3;?;McGrath to Silva, no run ooh close once more, just a little wider of the off stump and he again plays and misses;
23.2;?;McGrath to Silva, no run and he plays and misses at this - a good one outside off which rattles into the wicketkeeeper's gloves;
23.1;1;McGrath to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run late-cut down to third man, deftly played;
22.6;W;Clarke to Jayasuriya, OUT goddim! A terrible shot from Jayasuriya, skipping down the pitch to a fullish delivery which just turned away from him, the ball keeping very low, and his off stump is knocked back;Sanath Jayasuriya b Clarke 63 (108m 67b 9x4 0x6) SR: 94.02;
22.5;1;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run too short, swung over midwicket and it falls safe of deep midwicket;
22.4;1;Clarke to Jayasuriya, 1 run "Come on, Pup" screams Gilchrist to Clarke who drops this short, allowing Jayasuriya to clatter it off the back foot to long-on;
22.3;1;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run late cut past backward point. No - Hogg dives, quite brilliantly, to save at least two, and probably four;
22.2;2;Clarke to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs they're attacking Clarke here. Just short of a length and the captain swings at it, pulling it mercilessly but top-edging it just over midwicket;
22.1;1;Clarke to Jayasuriya, 1 run short of a length and clattered over midwicket with intent, if not placement;
21.6;?;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, no run a surprise full toss which, surprise surprise, takes the batsman by surprise who unsurprisingly can't make anything of it, hitting it straight to mid-off;
21.5;4;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs terrific shot - a very bold stroke, in fact, sweeping it well in front of him, scooping it behind square for four;
21.4;1;Hogg to Jayasuriya, 1 run ooh a quicker one, excellent line here from Hogg and the left-hander is back and across, chopping it down at the last moment;
21.3;1;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run pushed out to cover;
21.2;2;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, 2 runs very neatly, classily played indeed, stepping away and angling it with little regard for the orthodox, down to third man;
21.1;?;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, no run very well bowled indeed, Hogg, tossing it up just above Jayawardene's eye line who backs away from the ball before clamping down on it;
20.6;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run pushed out to cover - Hogg, I believe it is out there, though I can't quite see - who flings in a very sharp throw to Gilchrist, and Jayasuriya is rather fortunate his captain is more aware than he is...sending him back in a hurry;
20.5;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run an ugly mow across the line but straight to mid-on;
20.4;4;Watson to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs oh, poor ball from Watson - down the leg side and he flicks it, easily, neatly, past Tait at short fine-leg for four;
20.3;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run delightfully stroked, a calm, elegant off drive to mid-off and slick running brings him a single;
20.2;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run with absolutely no feet movement, he clatters it off the back foot to a deep extra cover on the boundary. No great timing there;
20.1;1;Watson to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run Watson, aka The Hulk, drifts this lazily down Jayawardene's leg stump who is back in his crease, deftly flicking this behind square;
19.6;1;Hogg to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run and a neat, balanced flick through midwicket gets him off the mark;
19.5;W;Hogg to Sangakkara, OUT just short of a length and Sangakkara's gem of a knock comes to a rather limp end, pulling a fuller delivery straight to the unddroppable hands of Ponting at short midwicket;Kumar Sangakkara c Ponting b Hogg 54 (72m 52b 6x4 1x6) SR: 103.84;
19.4;4;Hogg to Sangakkara, FOUR runs hammered on the front foot through extra cover, sweetly stroked with immense timing - and placed quite beautifully, bisecting the two on the boundary;
19.3;1;Hogg to Jayasuriya, 1 run wider of his off stump, allowing him a touch more room, and he pushes this to mid-on for a quick, expertly judged single;
19.2;?;Hogg to Jayasuriya, no run a huge, raucous appeal from Hogg - tongue slavering like a rogue monster - and that looks very plumb indeed as Jayasuriya is rapped on the back foot, but replays suggest it's sliding down the leg side by the thinnest of whiskers;
19.1;1;Hogg to Sangakkara, 1 run swept to deep midwicket and there's his fifty;
18.6;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run retains the strike with a flick past square leg;
18.5;2;Watson to Sangakkara, 2 runs eye-catching stroke. Full on a length, on the off stump line, slanting away, Sangakkara moves back and across, waits and caresses it throught point. Nonchalantly played;
18.4;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run short and well outside off stump, Jayasuriya moves across, punches it through the off side region.;
18.3;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run slightly short, on the middle stump line, Sangakkara pulls it to deep midwicket;
18.2;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run Gilchrist is standing up to the stumps. Full in length, slanting away from Jayasuriya who tries to slash it away on the up, doesn't time it well but still picks up a single as the ball darts to the cover region;
18.1;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run fullish, outside off stump, Sangakkara doesn't move much, waits and carves it on the up to sweeper cover.;
17.6;?;Hogg to Jayasuriya, no run eases forward, pushes a conventional legbreak back to the bowler.;
17.5;?;Hogg to Jayasuriya, no run another googly ... Jayasuriya, it appears, is picking it off the pitch rather than the hand. He is cramped up as he shapes to cut, the ball comes in and he ends up stabbing it away to point;
17.4;?;Hogg to Jayasuriya, no run leans forward to a full delivery on the middle-and-off, bat in front of the pad, gets a inner edge to midwicket;
17.3;1;Hogg to Sangakkara, 1 run flighted, on the middle and off, Sangakkara sweeps him on the length, to long leg;
17.2;1;Hogg to Jayasuriya, 1 run here comes the googly. Hogg doesn't waste any time, does he? Landed on the off stump, broke back in, Jayasuriya dabs it away to the off side. Picked it off the turf.;
17.1;2;Hogg to Jayasuriya, 2 runs on a length, around off stump, turns away a touch, Jayasuriya waits and cuts it to deep point. Fifty up for him. Cheers go around the arena.;
16.6;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run outside off stump, on a length, cut to third man for a single.;
16.5;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run charges down the track, tries to slog across the line, misses.;
16.4;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run dabbed to third man for a single;
16.3;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run no shot to one outside off;
16.2;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run In the air but it lands in no-mans land. Sigh of relief must have been heard across Sri Lanka. It was a slower one, short in length, Jayasuriya went for a pull but didn't go through with the shot completely as he was surprised a touch by the lack of pace. It balloons up, deep midwicket fielder rushes in, square-leg fielder hurries back and it falls right in between them;
16.1;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run fullish, on the off stump line, driven to long-off;
15.6;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run full pitch, around off stump, pushed to cover;
15.5;2;Tait to Jayasuriya, 2 runs here comes the attempted yorker. 89.7 mph. It doesn't quite land in the blockhole and Jayasuriya leans forward, drives down the ground.;
15.4;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run Tait is not amused. Perfume ball but Jayasuriya is no mood to smell the leather and ducks under under it;
15.3;2;Tait to Jayasuriya, 2 runs chipped over midwicket. Fullish, on the middle and leg, Jayasuriya tries to clip it towards square leg but ends up chipping it over midwicket. 100 up.;
15.2;1;Tait to Sangakkara, 1 run from round the stumps, at the body, Sangakkara waits, wrists it to long leg. Easy single. Jayasuriya on strike. 184 to win in 22.4 overs.;
15.1;4;Tait to Sangakkara, FOUR runs Sangakkara imparts more velocity to the projectile. Fast, full, on the off stump and Sangakkara stands tall and whips it through point. Lara would have been impressed. Game on!;
14.6;?;Bracken to Jayasuriya, no run played and missed;
14.5;1;Bracken to Sangakkara, 1 run length delivery on the middle-stump line, slower one, Sangakkara shuffles across, laps it in the air behind square leg and Tait makes the stop. Again there is a gap there, he is thinking four but couldn't quite execute it properly.;
14.4;2;Bracken to Sangakkara, 2 runs swiped away. It landed well outside off stump, on length, Sangakkara reached out, on his knee and swung it across the line. Lots of gap in the midwicket region and he is pre-determining his assault;
14.3;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run length delivery around off, no backing away this time, he quietly places it to point;
14.2;4;Bracken to Sangakkara, FOUR runs ooh. Super shot. Backs away outside leg, Bracken sends it on a length, on the off and middle, Sangakkara maintains his balance, head still and the flashing blade comes down in a hurry and he square-drives it through point.;
14.2;3w;Bracken to Sangakkara, 3 wide slips down the leg side, Sangakkara shuffles across, tries to tickle it away but misses. So does Gilchrist and it's three wides;
14.1;1;Bracken to Jayasuriya, 1 run length delivery, on the middle and leg, Jayasuriya lets it come to him, wrists it away past square leg;
13.6;4;McGrath to Sangakkara, FOUR runs aha ... another one. McGrath hurls in a bumper, it rises chest-high, on the middle and leg, Sangakkara swivels nicely and pulls it behind square-leg.;
13.5;4;McGrath to Sangakkara, FOUR runs The white ball is beginning to fly everywhere. This one whistled through cover. Fullish, outside off and Sangakkara went down on his knee to cream it through the off side. McGrath is getting the treatment. Now that's a surprise.;
13.4;6;McGrath to Sangakkara, SIX runs Sangakkara's best shot of the tournament. Charges down the track like a marauder and smokes a back of length delivery over deep midwicket.;
13.3;?;McGrath to Sangakkara, no run another nagging length-delivery, around off and Sangakkara pushes it towards point;
13.2;1;McGrath to Jayasuriya, 1 run tip and run. He steals a single with push towards cover. So he is just not going to slog all the way.;
13.1;1;McGrath to Sangakkara, 1 run rotates the strike back to Jayasuriya with a clip towards midwicket. What will Jayasuriya do now?;
12.6;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run missed outside off;
12.5;4;Watson to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs not for nothing he is the Matera blaster. Short of length and outside off and he carves it over point. Unadulterated hitting. Classic Jayasuriya.;
12.4;4;Watson to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs short of length, on the off and middle, Jayasuriya, again, keeps the front leg outside the line and flat-bats it over the bowler's head. The runs are coming. In a hurry.;
12.3;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run ah! back to regular programming. Bouncer. Well-directed stuff. Whooshes past the nose, outside off, left alone;
12.3;1w;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 wide Watson responds in the way I would have done. Goes for a yorker and ends up a wide outside off. Shocker. I am happy even the international bowlers do it.;
12.2;4;Watson to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs Jayasuriya goes down town. In style. Front leg out of the line and he biffs a length-delivery over mid-on.;
12.1;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run Watson bangs it in short, on the middle and leg, kicks up, Jayasuriya swivels, pulls, but the ball hits the bat rather than the other way and he gets it behind square;
11.6;1;McGrath to Jayasuriya, 1 run once again the length and line is immaculate, Jayasuriya dabs it with soft hands towards mid-off and sets off for a single;
11.5;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run full ball on off stump, Jayasuriya squeezes it to cover;
11.4;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run McGrath pitches on a good length and angles it across Jayasuriya who heaves across the line and misses, Gilchrist collects the ball and thinks he's caught an edge, Bucknor doesn't agree;
11.3;1;McGrath to Sangakkara, 1 run ambled single;
11.2;?;McGrath to Sangakkara, no run Sangakkara gives McGrath the charge and tries to pull through midwicket, he mis-times it straight to the fielder;
11.1;?;McGrath to Sangakkara, no run full length ball on middle stump, defended to mid on;
10.6;4;Watson to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs short and wide outside off stump, you just cannot afford to give Jayasuriya width, he latches on to it in a flash and cuts hard past point for four;
10.5;1;Watson to Sangakkara, 1 run Watson is keeping it tight around off stump, not giving the batsman any room, played late with an open face for one more;
10.4;1;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 run run down to third man for a single;
10.3;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run short of a length on off stump, Jayasuriya gets on top of the bounce and plays it to Clarke at point;
10.2;2;Watson to Jayasuriya, 2 runs a fraction short on off stump, Jayasuriya goes on the back foot and flat-bats it towards mid-off;
10.2;1w;Watson to Jayasuriya, 1 wide Watson bangs it short, too short, the ball balloons over the batsman's head and it's called wide;
10.1;?;Watson to Jayasuriya, no run good length ball on middle and off stump, Jayasuriya tries to pull through midwicket but doesn't time it well;
9.6;?;McGrath to Sangakkara, no run defended back to the bowler;
9.5;1;McGrath to Jayasuriya, 1 run driven wide of mid-off for a quick single;
9.4;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run full outside off, driven hard but driven straight to mid-off. More dots;
9.3;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run more swing, into the left-hander, thick inside edge to short fine leg but no run possible. The dots are piling up now;
9.2;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run good length on off, no room for Jayasuriya and he cuts it straight to the point fielder;
9.1;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run cut him in half that time, that was a super ball with swing and cut. Full ball, scrambled seam it seems and it pitches outside off and cuts Jayasuriya in half. Beaten all ends up;
8.6;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run good end to a good over, tapped to the off side and Clarke moves across athletically and stops a single.;
8.5;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run good length, on middle and off, no room and he tries to back away and cut. Straight to the point fielder again. Pressure, pressure. Can he get out of this mini-rut?;
8.4;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run full ball on middle, driven to mid-on. Gaps, Sanga, gaps. Yes, we've said that before but the rate is mounting all the time;
8.3;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run short of a length, on off, driven confidently to point but no run;
8.2;?;Watson to Sangakkara, no run Now that was close, perilously close. Faster this time from Watson and short of a length, Sangakkara tries to work it to the leg side but a leading edge balloons up towards short mid-off. There's a fielder in there close but neither him nor Watson can get to it;
8.1;2;Watson to Sangakkara, 2 runs full and drifting into the pads, tucked away cutely to the square leg region for a couple;
7.6;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run slightly fuller but still outside off, Jayasuriya shoulders arms;
7.5;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run defended watchfully to the off side. McGrath doesn't give you much leeway and it's best to start watchfully against him;
7.4;2;McGrath to Jayasuriya, 2 runs flicked away to the leg side and they had decided on two anyway, Hogg fires it in running in from square leg but the throw is slightly wide of McGrath. A more accurate one would have surely had the batsman in trouble;
7.3;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run short of a length and outside off, a bit of swing too and Jayasuriya lets it go to the keeper;
7.3;1w;McGrath to Jayasuriya, 1 wide swing and wide, really wide (is that Mcgrath or Tait?). It swings even after passing Jayasuriya and Gilchrist (I can do nothing wrong today Gilchrist) pulls off a fine save behind the stumps;
7.2;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run similar length, on off, patted back to the bowler;
7.1;?;McGrath to Jayasuriya, no run short of a good length, outside off (typical McGrath), left alone;
6.6;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run full and outside off, tap goes Sanga and straight to Ponting at short extra. Bracken has done a fine job. It's Tait who Australia might worry about. Time for GD McGrath?;
6.5;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run more short of a good length, more backfoot defence from Sangakkara, more atmosphere building at Kensington, more pressure piling on Sri Lanka, more ...;
6.4;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run defended off the back foot back to the bowler, good length from Bracken, giving nothing away;
6.3;1;Bracken to Jayasuriya, 1 run cramping him up by firing it down on his pads, tucked away to the leg side for a single. They think of too but Hussey is just too quick. And he's close to 50 isn't he?;
6.2;1;Bracken to Sangakkara, 1 run thick inside edge goes to fine leg, batsmen complete a single;
6.1;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run short of a length and Sangakkara tries to pull but can't make contact;
5.6;4;Tait to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs four more and Sanath is motoring along now. Short and outside off, Jayasuriya simply carves it over the slip cordon for another four. This is what they need now, sensible whacking;
5.5;4;Tait to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs Slash, that was full and wide and Jayasuriya brings out the rapier, creaming a most brutal square drive. Rubbing salt into Watson's wounds, who mops up from third man;
5.4;1;Tait to Sangakkara, 1 run dropped by Watson. Short one and Sangakkara upper-cuts it over the slips, only for Shane Watson to try to get under it. He lunges forward but can't take the catch cleanly. Did he just drop the World Cup? Surely not you say;
5.3;2;Tait to Sangakkara, 2 runs short again and Sangakkara pushes to the off side for a quick single, Clarke - mopping up at point - goes for the direct hit at the bowlers end but mis-field from Hogg, who is backing up. They manage another run;
5.2;1;Tait to Jayasuriya, 1 run short and directed on the body, 92mph that time and Jayasuriya does the sensible thing: angles his bat and judders it down to third man;
5.1;4;Tait to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs Thwack from Jayasuriya and that's a four. Too full and slightly wide, that's enough for Sanath to flay it mercilessly through extra cover for a cracking four;
4.6;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run full ball on off and homing in on off and slightly outside, tough to do much with those. Sangakkara takes the most sensible option and defends it watchfully;
4.5;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run tapped to the off side but straight to the fielder. Gaps, Sanga, gaps are essential;
4.4;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run good ball that time, pitched on off and swinging away. 133kph but the bounce is disconcerting for Sangakkara who pushes his bat and is beaten;
4.3;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run Slower ball this time and driven straight to the fielder at square leg;
4.2;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run full this time, on middle and leg and driven crisply to short midwicket. Plan seems to be: See the new ball off and then try to accelerate.;
4.1;?;Bracken to Sangakkara, no run short of a length, from over the wicket and angling into the left-hander's body. Tucked away watchfully to the on side but straight to the square fielder;
3.6;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run short and well directed, Jayasuriya not given the freedom to free his arms and is on his backfoot keeping the ball away to the off side;
3.5;1;Tait to Sangakkara, 1 run full and on off, tapped to the off side for a quick single. These are quick grenades from Tait and Sri Lanka need to be on the look-out;
3.4;?;Tait to Sangakkara, no run Short again, that time it's 94mph and Sangakkara can't time the pull too well again, trickles to the fielder in the in-field;
3.3;?;Tait to Sangakkara, no run Full and wide, 90.9mph and Sangakkara throws his bat out but it's way too wide and he can only get a thick edge that bounces in front of second slip. That could have been another wide, instead it was a dot.;
3.3;1w;Tait to Sangakkara, 1 wide down the leg side, firing it down the pads and it's called wide;
3.2;?;Tait to Sangakkara, no run short ball, speedy gunslinger this boy as he touches 90mph Sangakkara goes for the pull but is beaten for pace and can only get a thick top edge. Luckily it doesn't balloon up to the fielder and falls in no-man's land at wide mid-on;
3.1;4;Tait to Sangakkara, FOUR runs short of a length from Tait and Sangakkara stands tall and drives it sweetly through point for a fine four. Mimimum effort and he stylishly puts it away;
2.6;?;Bracken to Jayasuriya, no run full and swinging into the left-hander, Bracken mixing it up well. Jayasuriya tries to flick it to the leg side but is again struck on the pads, can't get it away;
2.5;?;Bracken to Jayasuriya, no run straight and angling into the pads, a bit quicker too and strikes Jayasuriya high on the pads. No room is the best policy;
2.4;?;Bracken to Jayasuriya, no run beauty of a response from Bracken, changes his length and keeps it slightly shorter, moving away and leaves him wondering whether to go forward or back, beats him all ends up;
2.3;4;Bracken to Jayasuriya, FOUR runs Width offered and the broad Jayasuriya blade goes for the rapacious slash, it comes off the middle of the bat and races away to cover for a sizzling four. He's standing way outside the crease to negate the swing and all he needs it some room to let the bat do the talking;
2.2;1;Bracken to Sangakkara, 1 run Some swing again, Bracken striking a wonderful rhythm now. Outside off and moving away and Sangakkara looks to leave but the ball deviates off the thickish edge and speeds to third man dfor a single;
2.1;W;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, OUT That's more swing, and that's all over. Short of a length and Tharanga doesn't know whether to go forward or back. Stands rooted to the crease and simply pushes his bat limply, the edge is taken and Gilchrist snaps up a regulation catch behind the stumps. That's the first wicket for Australia and it was all to do with the length. Bracken strikes.;Upul Tharanga c ?Gilchrist b Bracken 6 (11m 8b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
1.6;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run fast and slingy, he's been cranking it up throughout the over. Pitched on leg stump and rapped on the pads, Jayasuriya doesn't have the time to flick it away. Huge appeal for lbw but Steve "slow death" Bucknor doesn't budge.;
1.5;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run Full and on off, driven confidently but straight to mid-off;
1.4;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run short and angling away from Jayasuriya, he lets it go to the wicketkeeper, that same wicketkeeper who unleashed a power-packed gem earlier in the day. I mean, 149 in a World Cup final. Now that's called making a statement;
1.3;?;Tait to Jayasuriya, no run More swing, full and on off, coming into the left-hander and giving him no room whatsoever. Dug out and driven back to the bowler;
1.2;1;Tait to Upul Tharanga, 1 run More swing, into the left-hander this time and Tharanga is beaten. Inside edge trickles away to fine leg for a single;
1.2;1w;Tait to Upul Tharanga, 1 wide That's down the leg side, Tharanga can't get his bat to it as he tries the flick. Tait tends to be a bit erratic and that's the first wide;
1.1;?;Tait to Upul Tharanga, no run Short and slingy. 147.2kph and Tharanga scuds down below it. That was a speedy start. Again, start as you wish to go.;
0.6;?;Bracken to Jayasuriya, no run Short of a length and outside off, moving away too. Jayasuriya lifts his bat as if to slash but backs away in the end and lets it through to the wicketkeeper;
0.5;1;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, 1 run full ball, swinging away but Tharanga reads it well and presents the full face of the bat. Finds the gap through extra cover and hurries for a single;
0.4;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run good length ball, swinging away and moving after pitching too, left alone by Tharanga;
0.3;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run played and missed that time, Bracken has used the new ball well all through the tournament. Pitched up outside off and Tharanga can only tentatively poke at it, beaten all ends up, good carry to the wicketkeeper;
0.2;?;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, no run Hint of swing that time, fuller and outside off. Tharanga shoulders arms.;
0.1;4;Bracken to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs What a start! Walking down the track to Bracken and slashing a wide one through the covers for a four. Start as you wish to go along.;

Jayasuriya on strike, already standing a long way outside his crease to negate the swing. Nearly a foot outside his crease there.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
Final, Bridgetown, Apr 28 2007, ICC World Cup
281/4
215/8
Player of the match is Adam Gilchrist, AUS
Australia won by 53 runs (D/L method)
