Data
2.15pm Innings break Australia finish with 9 for 297. Not sure whether that total is competitive or not. The pitch was two-paced and batting was not easy against the new ball. Smith played a different game compared to the rest of his teammates to score a century. He was unfortunate to be given out in the last over. Alex Carey played a little gem as well to help Australia post 297.
Smith: "Nice to score some runs out there. Cooked now, big ground, lots of running." On the boos, "I'm pretty chilled, everyone is entitled to their opinion. I'm just happy to be back playing and doing a job for my team. I fortunately was able to contribute for the team. (The surface) was nice when it was full. When it was into the wicket it might have been two-paced."
Tasmeem: "The logical decision should've been not out, but what about the form of Smith just before the World Cup? 89*, 91*, 76 and 116 today."
Varun: "Smith showing no signs of he's been out of international circuit over a year. Great knock. But 298 will be chased down by England within 45 overs. Stoinis really hurt the momentum as he always does. "
Some news from the England camp. Liam Dawson won't bat after splitting the his right finger in the field.
Sreshth will be back to take you through the start of the run chase.
49.6;W;Tom Curran to Zampa, 1 run, OUT A run out to finish! Zampa swung it away into midwicket. He wanted two, Behrendorff didn't run! Not sure why. Zampa was run out after the throw went to the wrong end.;Adam Zampa run out (Roy/?Buttler/Curran) 1 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.5;W;Tom Curran to Smith, OUT Is this caught and bowled? It was a cracking yorker, he jammed the bat down and might have scooped this back to Curran. The TV umpire has been called for. Smith is walking off! He thinks it's out. It's hard to tell on the replay. The TV umpire Joel Wilson is looking through various angles and decides it is out! A split screen replay from front and side on suggested it was clearly bat then ground. Wilson looked at another replay from mid off that was a little inconclusive. Wilson thought it was a clear catch!? Out! Strange decision;Steven Smith c & b Curran 116 (147m 102b 8x4 3x6) SR: 113.72;
49.4;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run short and wide, he cuts firmly to deep point but calls no immediately;
49.3;6;Tom Curran to Smith, SIX runs lofted over long off! Brilliant stroke. He picked the slower ball out of hand, it was a half-volley and he lofted it into the crowd at long off!;
49.2;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run low full toss, he miscues dragging this to deep midwicket and turns down the single on offer;
49.1;2;Tom Curran to Smith, 2 runs wide slower ball, he reaches out and slices this off the toe over cover for a couple;
48.6;?;Plunkett to Behrendorff, no run 129kph, slower ball bouncer, he tries to pull and misses;
48.6;1w;Plunkett to Behrendorff, 1 wide short ball angled way down leg;
48.5;4;Plunkett to Behrendorff, FOUR runs gloved over the keeper's head! This was a quick bouncer, he was beaten for pace trying to pull, it comes off the gloves and flies safely down to the boundary;
48.4;W;Plunkett to Coulter-Nile, OUT bowled him! Undone by a 124kph slower ball. Well bowled. It was the off spinning slower ball, he was deceived trying to launch this over wide long on, through the shot too soon and it crashes into off stump;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Plunkett 1 (10m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
48.3;?;Plunkett to Coulter-Nile, no run short slower ball wide of off, he tries to cut but misses;
48.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, he drives firmly to deep cover-point;
48.1;6;Plunkett to Smith, SIX runs he scoops this over the keeper's head for six! He shaped for it early, he got the length ball and scooped it over Buttler's head and cleared the rope!;
47.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run full wide yorker, he opens the face and runs it to third man;
47.5;1;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, 1 run nearly another run out! Full outside off, he drives to mid off and takes on the throw, it's wide and he survives;
47.5;1w;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide slower ball sent way down the leg side;
47.4;?;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, no run full toss, he smashes this to Paul Collingwood at backward point and he's still got it, making the stop as the sub fielder;
47.3;?;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, no run full and wide yorker, he misses trying to squeeze it behind square;
47.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run slower ball, he knocks it behind square for a superb century! He raises the bats to boos from the crowd! But he won't care. He has played beautifully;
47.1;6;Stokes to Smith, SIX runs hits him over backward point off the front foot into the crowd! Are you kidding! What a shot. It was a good length but wide of off, he cleared the front leg and sliced it miles over backward point;
46.6;W;Plunkett to Carey, OUT caught brilliantly by Curran running back from short fine! Outstanding catch! This was a length slower, he swing hard, gets a top edge that flies very high behind square, Curran runs back and to his right, it swirled away from him late, he dove full length late and held on superbly;Alex Carey c Curran b Plunkett 30 (24m 14b 4x4 0x6) SR: 214.28;
46.5;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short ball, into the ribs, he pulls awkwardly, grunting as he hit it, getting it through forward square leg;
46.4;3;Plunkett to Carey, 3 runs full and wide and he reaches out and slaps it past backward point to the long boundary, Smith runs brilliantly to push for three and beat the throw;
46.3;4;Plunkett to Carey, FOUR runs smoked over extra cover! Two bounces four! What a shot. It was full in the slot, he cleared the front leg and carved it up and over the man in the circle with tremendous power;
46.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short down leg, he pulls it straight to fine leg and can't get two;
46.1;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run short slower ball, he tried to hammer a cut but missed it;
49.6;W;Tom Curran to Zampa, 1 run, OUT A run out to finish! Zampa swung it away into midwicket. He wanted two, Behrendorff didn't run! Not sure why. Zampa was run out after the throw went to the wrong end.;Adam Zampa run out (Roy/?Buttler/Curran) 1 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.5;W;Tom Curran to Smith, OUT Is this caught and bowled? It was a cracking yorker, he jammed the bat down and might have scooped this back to Curran. The TV umpire has been called for. Smith is walking off! He thinks it's out. It's hard to tell on the replay. The TV umpire Joel Wilson is looking through various angles and decides it is out! A split screen replay from front and side on suggested it was clearly bat then ground. Wilson looked at another replay from mid off that was a little inconclusive. Wilson thought it was a clear catch!? Out! Strange decision;Steven Smith c & b Curran 116 (147m 102b 8x4 3x6) SR: 113.72;
49.4;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run short and wide, he cuts firmly to deep point but calls no immediately;
49.3;6;Tom Curran to Smith, SIX runs lofted over long off! Brilliant stroke. He picked the slower ball out of hand, it was a half-volley and he lofted it into the crowd at long off!;
49.2;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run low full toss, he miscues dragging this to deep midwicket and turns down the single on offer;
49.1;2;Tom Curran to Smith, 2 runs wide slower ball, he reaches out and slices this off the toe over cover for a couple;
48.6;?;Plunkett to Behrendorff, no run 129kph, slower ball bouncer, he tries to pull and misses;
48.6;1w;Plunkett to Behrendorff, 1 wide short ball angled way down leg;
48.5;4;Plunkett to Behrendorff, FOUR runs gloved over the keeper's head! This was a quick bouncer, he was beaten for pace trying to pull, it comes off the gloves and flies safely down to the boundary;
48.4;W;Plunkett to Coulter-Nile, OUT bowled him! Undone by a 124kph slower ball. Well bowled. It was the off spinning slower ball, he was deceived trying to launch this over wide long on, through the shot too soon and it crashes into off stump;Nathan Coulter-Nile b Plunkett 1 (10m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 20;
48.3;?;Plunkett to Coulter-Nile, no run short slower ball wide of off, he tries to cut but misses;
48.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, he drives firmly to deep cover-point;
48.1;6;Plunkett to Smith, SIX runs he scoops this over the keeper's head for six! He shaped for it early, he got the length ball and scooped it over Buttler's head and cleared the rope!;
47.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run full wide yorker, he opens the face and runs it to third man;
47.5;1;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, 1 run nearly another run out! Full outside off, he drives to mid off and takes on the throw, it's wide and he survives;
47.5;1w;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, 1 wide slower ball sent way down the leg side;
47.4;?;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, no run full toss, he smashes this to Paul Collingwood at backward point and he's still got it, making the stop as the sub fielder;
47.3;?;Stokes to Coulter-Nile, no run full and wide yorker, he misses trying to squeeze it behind square;
47.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run slower ball, he knocks it behind square for a superb century! He raises the bats to boos from the crowd! But he won't care. He has played beautifully;
47.1;6;Stokes to Smith, SIX runs hits him over backward point off the front foot into the crowd! Are you kidding! What a shot. It was a good length but wide of off, he cleared the front leg and sliced it miles over backward point;
46.6;W;Plunkett to Carey, OUT caught brilliantly by Curran running back from short fine! Outstanding catch! This was a length slower, he swing hard, gets a top edge that flies very high behind square, Curran runs back and to his right, it swirled away from him late, he dove full length late and held on superbly;Alex Carey c Curran b Plunkett 30 (24m 14b 4x4 0x6) SR: 214.28;
46.5;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short ball, into the ribs, he pulls awkwardly, grunting as he hit it, getting it through forward square leg;
46.4;3;Plunkett to Carey, 3 runs full and wide and he reaches out and slaps it past backward point to the long boundary, Smith runs brilliantly to push for three and beat the throw;
46.3;4;Plunkett to Carey, FOUR runs smoked over extra cover! Two bounces four! What a shot. It was full in the slot, he cleared the front leg and carved it up and over the man in the circle with tremendous power;
46.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short down leg, he pulls it straight to fine leg and can't get two;
46.1;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run short slower ball, he tried to hammer a cut but missed it;
45.6;4;Tom Curran to Carey, FOUR runs driven powerfully past mid off! Good shot. This was full angled into leg, he gave himself room and cracked it between cover and mid off who were both inside the circle;
45.5;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run low full toss, he drives inside out through cover to the sweeper;
45.4;2;Tom Curran to Smith, 2 runs 120kph, short and wide slower ball and he places this nicely behind backward point for two more;
45.3;2;Tom Curran to Smith, 2 runs full down leg, he glances fine and Plunkett midfields at short fine, it nearly goes to the rope but Smith only gets two;
45.2;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run nearly another run out! Carey was cramped for room, he chopped it into the leg side and tried for one, Curran raced across, fielded and turned to shy but Carey just beat the throw, which was wide;
45.1;2;Tom Curran to Carey, 2 runs shorter length, he's pulling this well in front of square wide of midwicket for a couple;
44.6;1;Plunkett to Carey, 1 run slower ball on the hip, he flicks this behind square and pushes for two but Bairstow closes on it rapidly and prevents two;
44.5;4;Plunkett to Carey, FOUR runs chipped beautifully over mid off! Superb stroke. Mid off is up, this was full and in the slot, he just lifted a check drive over mid off with great control;
44.4;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short ball and he swivels on a pull shot well but hits it straight to deep square;
44.3;1;Plunkett to Carey, 1 run 133kph, shorter length outside off, he mistimed it towards mid off;
44.2;4;Plunkett to Carey, FOUR runs short down leg and he just helps it on it's way fine for four! Too easy for Carey. That was a terrible delivery and he just needed to get some bat on it;
44.2;1w;Plunkett to Carey, 1 wide slower ball, dragged down the leg side and it's called wide;
44.1;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run short and wide, he's back and cutting firmly to wide third man;
43.6;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run shorter slower ball, he's back and late cutting to third man;
43.5;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, he knocks this off the hip to square leg;
43.4;2;Tom Curran to Carey, 2 runs full on off, he whips this through midwicket for two more;
43.3;2;Tom Curran to Carey, 2 runs fuller outside off, he drives firmly to deep cover and they run hard to take a tight two;
43.2;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run slower ball, on off, he pushes this to deep midwicket;
43.1;1;Tom Curran to Carey, 1 run nearly another run out! He was taken on the thigh pad, it rolled into the off side, they hesitated before going, Root swooped from cover, turned and shied at the non striker's and missed but Carey would have been out!;
42.6;?;Ali to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, he whips firmly to midwicket;
42.5;W;Ali to Smith, 1 run, OUT Huge mix up and Stoinis is run out! What happened here? Smith went back and worked this behind square, there was an easy two, but Stoinis hesitated and stopped, he may have seen Smith pause for a moment after turning, but Smith ran to the danger end, the throw went to the bowler's and Stoinis was out by miles! He looked back and yelled at Smith. A bad mix up.;Marcus Stoinis run out (Woakes/Ali) 13 (26m 22b 0x4 0x6) SR: 59.09;
42.4;4;Ali to Smith, FOUR runs he sweeps in the air between deep fine leg and deep backward square and a misfield from Woakes costs four!;
42.3;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run he plays the reverse paddle sweep very well, gets it fine of third man but slips and doesn't get two!;
42.2;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run he opens the face and works this to point;
42.1;4;Ali to Smith, FOUR runs he gives room and lofts this inside out against the turn over cover! What a shot! So skilful to create the room and lift it against the spin with power;
41.6;3;Dawson to Smith, 3 runs short and wide, he's back and hammering this behind point, it's a long chase for Stokes from deep cover-point but he hauls it in;
41.5;1;Dawson to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up outside off, he pushes straight of cover to deep long off;
41.4;2;Dawson to Stoinis, 2 runs drifting into leg, he defends off the thick inside edge, it runs through midwicket and they push for two again;
41.3;2;Dawson to Stoinis, 2 runs shorter length, he's back and punching firmly through cover and they push for two and get it;
41.2;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run drifting into middle, he whips firmly to deep midwicket, he wants two but it's not on;
41.1;?;Dawson to Smith, no run skips down early and it's fired in flatter and shorter, he drives back to the bowler;
40.6;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run tossed up on middle, he drives to long on;
40.5;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run shorter length, he's back and knocking this down to long on;
40.4;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run shorter length, he's back and giving room to cut to deep point;
40.3;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up, he drives to long on;
40.2;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run tossed up outside off, he defends off a leading edge to cover;
40.1;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run tossed up, outside off, he sweeps firmly behind square;
39.6;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run full outside off, he drives neatly to long off;
39.5;?;Dawson to Smith, no run tossed up outside off, he drives firmly to cover;
39.4;1;Dawson to Stoinis, 1 run flatter on off, he is back and punching this firmly to long off;
39.3;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run he steps outside leg early, Dawson fires it straight he pushes this to cover and calls yes, Stoinis was a little slow to go but he beat the throw which was wide;
39.2;?;Dawson to Smith, no run tossed up on off, he mistimes a drive back to the bowler;
39.1;1;Dawson to Stoinis, 1 run width offered, he sits back and punched this through point to the sweeper;
38.6;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run tossed up, he defends with soft hands to midwicket and pinches a single;
38.5;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run fuller outside off, he drives with the turn to long on;
38.4;?;Ali to Smith, no run good length outside off, he sits back and dabs fine but can't beat short third man;
38.3;1;Ali to Stoinis, 1 run this ball turns a touch, he stays back and punches it in the air towards long on for one;
38.2;?;Ali to Stoinis, no run flatter outside off, he's back and across and defending to midwicket;
38.1;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run tossed up outside off, he sweeps nicely behind square to the man in the deep;
37.6;?;Dawson to Stoinis, no run slid through on off, he punches this back to the bowler;
37.5;?;Dawson to Stoinis, no run shorter length, he's back and crunching this straight to cover and Moeen Ali makes a good stop;
37.4;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching firmly to deep cover-point;
37.3;1;Dawson to Stoinis, 1 run 90kph, flatter on leg, he drives to long on to get off the mark;
37.2;?;Dawson to Stoinis, no run tossed up, 85kph, a hint of turn, he pushes this gently to cover;
37.1;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run tossed up, he dances out and drives to long off;
36.6;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run back of the hand slower ball, he drives to mid off but can't beat the man;
36.5;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run fuller on middle and off, he is caught on the crease defending to mid on;
36.4;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run back of a length, top of off, he stands tall and defends with the full face;
36.3;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run 128kph, shorter length, he is on his toes pushing to backward point;
36.2;?;Tom Curran to Stoinis, no run back of a length, off stump, he stands tall and defends;
36.1;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run 132kph, middle and off line, he drives neatly straight of mid on for a single;
35.6;?;Dawson to Stoinis, no run 90kph, pushed through on off, he defends on the front foot;
35.5;W;Dawson to Khawaja, OUT stumped! Madness from Khawaja! He charged straight out of the hand, stayed leg side trying to launch over long off, it was slid through quicker, it didn't spin, wide of off, he missed it by miles and was stumped by an equal distance. Crazy shot;Usman Khawaja st ?Buttler b Dawson 31 (57m 38b 1x4 0x6) SR: 81.57;
35.4;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run shorter length, he's back and cutting firmly to deep point;
35.3;?;Dawson to Smith, no run tossed up on middle, he gives room but drives back to the bowler;
35.2;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching to deep cover-point;
35.1;?;Dawson to Khawaja, no run dances down early but is taken on the pad trying to work to midwicket;
34.6;4;Tom Curran to Smith, FOUR runs heaved over midwicket! This was in the slot and Smith clubbed it. Just a stand and deliver blow, smeared over midwicket it landed just short of the rope!;
34.5;1;Tom Curran to Khawaja, 1 run back of a length, angled across, he opens the face and runs this to third man;
34.4;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run slower ball, back of the hand, 110kph, he pushes this towards mid on for a single;
34.3;1;Tom Curran to Khawaja, 1 run 131kph, angled into leg stump, he elegantly clips this behind square;
34.2;1;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 run back of a length, 130kph, he stands up and punches powerfully to deep cover-point;
34.1;?;Tom Curran to Smith, no run 132kph, good length, fourth stump line, it stays down a touch as Smith defends on the front foot;
34.1;1w;Tom Curran to Smith, 1 wide slower ball, drifting down the leg side and called wide;
33.6;2;Dawson to Khawaja, 2 runs 90kph, flatter on middle, he's back and working this to the gap at square leg, Khawaja calls two straight away and they get them easily;
33.5;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run drifting into leg, he whips this through midwicket to the sweeper;
33.4;?;Dawson to Smith, no run flighted a little slower, he checks his drive as it stops in the surface a touch;
33.3;?;Dawson to Smith, no run tossed up on off, 87kph, he defends on the front foot;
33.2;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, he dances down and drives with the turn to long on;
33.1;?;Dawson to Khawaja, no run 87kph, flatter on off, he works off the back foot to midwicket;
32.6;1;Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run full, on off, and played down the ground;
32.5;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run back of a length on leg, and he checks a pulled shot over to fine leg. Thick top edge. And fifty for Smith;
32.4;?;Stokes to Smith, no run back of a length, outside off, and Smith hangs his bat near the wide line. Tapped away to point;
32.4;1w;Stokes to Smith, 1 wide short and called wide by umpire Ravi. Smith didn't even duck, and the ball soared over him;
32.3;1;Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run length ball on leg stump, and worked off his hips to fine leg;
32.2;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run worked off his hips behind square to the deep;
32.1;1;Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on middle, and angling across. Khawaja mistimes a grounded pull to deep midwicket;
31.6;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, on middle, and driven down the ground. Midwicket intercepts. Marginally expensive over;
31.5;3;Dawson to Khawaja, 3 runs full, on leg, and Khawaja tries to lap this over Buttler again. This time, though, Buttler was moving to the leg side to try and take a catch, but Khawaja manages to get it over the keeper. Lucky, this time;
31.4;?;Dawson to Khawaja, no run length ball, on off, and he mistimes a pull to the leg side. Not short enough;
31.3;2;Dawson to Khawaja, 2 runs full, on off, and swept square to deep point. The fielder in the boundary does really well, running across the fence before putting in a sliding stop;
31.2;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and cut square to deep point;
31.1;2;Dawson to Smith, 2 runs full, outside off, and driven with the bat's open face past point. They are running around for a single;
30.6;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and driven away from his body to deep point. Fifty stand;
30.5;1;Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on middle, and worked off his hips to the leg side. Finds Moeen again;
30.4;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and driven to the off side. But short cover runs across the ground to put in a diving slide;
30.3;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and whipped square to Moeen at midwicket;
30.2;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run length ball, on middle, and fended off the back foot to mid-off;
30.1;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run back of a length, on middle, and he pulls a shot into the ground. Finds Moeen at short midwicket;
29.6;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, just outside off, and defended off the front foot to short cover;
29.5;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run fullish on off, and flicked off his pads to the leg side;
29.4;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and he allows the ball to come to him. Tapped off the back foot to point;
29.3;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run full, just outside off, and tapped back to Dawson. He can't field it off his own bowling, and they scamper across for one;
29.2;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and driven to long off;
29.1;4;Dawson to Smith, FOUR runs whipped over midwicket! Full, on his toes, and dispatched to the leg-side fence;
28.6;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run full, on leg, and defended back to Moeen at mid-on;
28.5;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run back of a length on leg, and defended off the back foot;
28.4;1;Stokes to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and driven away from his body to extra cover;
28.3;?;Stokes to Smith, no run slower ball, length on middle, and Smith misses the attempted pull. Hits his near the gut;
28.2;1;Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run full, on leg but swinging into his pads. Flicked square to deep midwicket;
28.1;?;Stokes to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and defended back to the bowler. Nippy pace, forcing Khawaja to get into is shot faster;
27.6;2;Dawson to Smith, 2 runs length ball, just outside off, and turning away. Cut square to deep point. Enough time to jog back for the second;
27.5;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, just outside off, and turning in. Defends, but hits his pad, then hits the back of his bat, but luckily - for Smith - it doesn't roll back onto the stumps;
27.4;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up, on off, and driven to long on for a single;
27.3;2;Dawson to Khawaja, 2 runs full, on leg stump, and paddled past the keeper's right to fine leg. Slick;
27.2;4;Dawson to Khawaja, FOUR runs reverse swept past the fielder at backward point! Nicely played, off the front foot, and finds the gap near the point boundary;
27.1;?;Dawson to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and driven straight back to Dawson;
26.6;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run full, on off, and defended to midwicket. A loud 'no' for a single;
26.5;1;Plunkett to Khawaja, 1 run full, outside off, and he drives along the ground to deep extra cover;
26.4;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off, and pulled behind square to deep bacward square;
26.3;1;Plunkett to Khawaja, 1 run full, on leg, and the leg-side whip takes a leading edge over point. Just past Roy at backward point. Aye aye aye;
26.3;1w;Plunkett to Khawaja, 1 wide full, again outside leg stump. Another wide ball;
26.3;1w;Plunkett to Khawaja, 1 wide full, outside leg, and through to the keeper;
26.2;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run full on middle, and that's been easily worked off his pads to the leg side;
26.1;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run full, just outside off, and driven off the front foot to cover;
25.6;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and defended away towards cover;
25.5;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, wide outside off, and he clobbers a drive to Roy at cover. Stopped;
25.4;1;Dawson to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on middle, and nudged off his pads to midwicket. They scamper across for one;
25.3;1;Dawson to Smith, 1 run full, on off, and whipped away to deep midwicket for a single;
25.2;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, on off, and defended off the front foot;
25.1;?;Dawson to Smith, no run full, just outside off, and pushed back to Dawson;
24.6;?;Plunkett to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and angling away. Driven off the front foot to mid-off;
24.5;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run length ball, just wide outside off, and he meets this on the back foot to guide a shot to third man;
24.4;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run full, just outside off, and Smith presses forward to block;
24.3;4;Plunkett to Smith, FOUR runs full, overpitched at 129kph, and that's too easy for Smith. Meets the ball on the front foot and muscles a straight drive past the umpire. Exquisite;
24.2;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs full, on middle, and worked off his pads behind square to deep square leg;
24.1;4;Plunkett to Smith, FOUR runs drags a pull from outside off stump! Back of a length, very wide outside off, but that's no problem for Smith. Goes across the stumps and finds the gap between midwicket and mid-on;
23.6;?;Ali to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and Khawaja prods forward to block this back to the bowler;
23.5;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run full, wide outside off, but he manages to drive with the turn to long on;
23.4;1;Ali to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on off, and he opens the bat's face to play a back-foot punch to point;
23.3;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run length ball on off, and sharp offbreak into his pads. Whipped away - off the back foot - to deep midwicket;
23.2;1;Ali to Khawaja, 1 run tossed up on leg, and Khawaja raises his back leg before bringing his bat down the ball's line. Driven to long on;
23.1;?;Ali to Khawaja, no run full, on off, and driven straight back to Moeen;
22.6;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run length ball, wide outside off, and Smith tries to clatter a square cut. Misses the shot, and the crowd groans;
22.5;4;Plunkett to Smith, FOUR runs full, just outside off, and that's a glorious cover drive through the infield. Boos when he walked in, but applause from the crowd this time;
22.4;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run full, on off, and he presses forward to defend;
22.3;1;Plunkett to Khawaja, 1 run length ball, on leg, and that's bread-and-butter for Khawaja. Flicked to fine leg;
22.2;W;Plunkett to Marsh, OUT appeal, and given! Soft dismissal. Back of a length, short and slow on leg stump, and Marsh is through his pull too early. Gloves a feather-touch, and Buttler makes no mistake. A well-disguised slower ball;Shaun Marsh c ?Buttler b Plunkett 30 (76m 44b 1x4 0x6) SR: 68.18;
22.1;?;Plunkett to Marsh, no run length ball, on leg, and cramping Marsh for space. Tapped off the back foot to the bowler;
21.6;?;Ali to Smith, no run slower through the air this time. Full, on off, and blocked off the front foot;
21.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, just outside off, and pushed away from his body to extra cover;
21.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run length ball, just outside off, and sliding into middle stump. Punched off the back foot to the bowler;
21.3;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and driven down the ground to long on for a walking single;
21.2;4;Ali to Smith, FOUR runs tossed up this time, wide outside off, and Smith doesn't miss out this time. Slaps a drive through the cover region;
21.1;?;Ali to Smith, no run teasing line outside off but sliding straight through. Smith presses forward to defend but the ball goes past his outside edge;
20.6;?;Plunkett to Marsh, no run length ball on middle, but angling away from Marsh. Takes a bit of extra bounce, and Marsh's attempted punch flies off the bat's top-half. In the air for a while but lands just short of Stokes at mid off. Good stuff from Plunkett;
20.5;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run full, on middle, but angling into his pads. Nudged off his pads to deep midwicket for a jogging single;
20.4;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run length ball, just outside off and seaming slightly away. Tapped off the front foot to extra cover;
20.3;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he caresses a punch to cover;
20.2;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run fullish, just outside off, and tapped off the front foot to cover;
20.1;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run length ball, on middle, and punched from near his chest. Ball goes past the non-striker to mid-off;
19.6;?;Ali to Smith, no run full, outside off, but sharper offbreak. Smith prods forward to defend, but misses the shot. Hits his front leg, but no one appeals because impact was outside off stump;
19.5;?;Ali to Smith, no run full, just outside off and sliding inwards. Defended with a full-stretched front foot shot;
19.4;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, on middle, and he walks down the wicket to tap a shot to long on. Hundred for Australia;
19.3;2;Ali to Marsh, 2 runs tossed up on middle, and Marsh uses his feet again to meet the ball. Clipped in front of square on this ocassion;
19.2;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run length ball, on off, and turning inwards. Nudged off the back foot to square leg for a single;
19.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, on leg stump, and he comes down the wicket to loft a shot over Moeen's head. Protection at long off though;
18.6;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, but slower ball. Swivels to guide a pulled shot to fine leg again;
18.5;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run back of a length, the ball rises on Smith, but he manages to punch a shot to deep extra cover;
18.4;?;Plunkett to Smith, no run full, on off, and defended with soft hands off the front foot;
18.3;1lb;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 leg bye back of a length on leg, cramping Marsh for space. Mistimes a pull down to fine leg;
18.2;?;Plunkett to Marsh, no run full, on off, and he drives through the ball's line. Mistimed to mid on;
18.1;1;Plunkett to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and Smith tries to cut. Through his shot too late, and takes a thick outside edge to Jofra at third man;
17.6;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run full, just outside off, and Smith gets his front leg across the stumps before delivering a whippy-checked on drive to Roy at mid-on. Fields it, but hurts his left arm in the process. Is he okay? For now, yes;
17.5;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, on off, and driven with the bat's closed face to long on for a jogging single;
17.4;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run length ball, wide outside off and turning inwards. Punched off the back foot to long on;
17.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, on off, and drilled to wide long on for a single;
17.2;1;Ali to Smith, 1 run length ball on off, and turning inwards. Clipped off the back foot to square leg;
17.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full, on off, and he tries to drive straight. Played off the bat's inside-half to mid on;
16.6;2;Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs full, too wide outside off, and he presses forward to drive to extra cover. Off the mark straightaway;
16.5;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run full, on leg again, and worked away to Bairstow at deep square leg;
16.4;?;Plunkett to Marsh, no run full, on leg, and whipped to the leg side. Smartly stopped by Dawson diving to his left;
16.3;W;Plunkett to Warner, OUT clobbered but holes out to Bairstow at deep midwicket! Plunkett drops his length, and Warner looks to swing away to the leg side, but it's been sliced, and the fielder in the deep does very well running around the boundary to intercept. Warner falls after an attractive innings;David Warner c Bairstow b Plunkett 43 (76m 55b 5x4 0x6) SR: 78.18;
16.2;4;Plunkett to Warner, FOUR runs full, on leg, and hammered over the fielder at midwicket! Sweet sound off the bat, and races away to the deep midwicket fence;
16.1;1;Plunkett to Marsh, 1 run length ball, on leg, and clipped off the back foot to square leg. They scamper across for a single, and the throw from Dawson would've seen Warner walk back, but he fails to get a direct hit;
15.6;2;Ali to Warner, 2 runs short and wide, and he hammers a cut through cover, Bairstow runs around and stops it with his foot! Brave move but it works;
15.5;?;Ali to Warner, no run fuller on middle, he clears the front leg and drives straight to cover;
15.4;2;Ali to Warner, 2 runs he skips down and whips this through midwicket and the running is amazing to pinch two;
15.3;2;Ali to Warner, 2 runs tossed up outside off, he drives firmly straight of deep cover, Bairstow has to work hard on the rope to cut it off;
15.2;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives neatly to deep cover;
15.1;?;Ali to Marsh, no run drifting into leg stump, it's going down, he's taken on the pad;
14.6;?;Stokes to Warner, no run 141kph, good length on off, he defends this towards midwicket;
14.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run fuller slower ball, he drives firmly to mid off;
14.4;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run good length, angled across, 140kph, he sits back and glides this to third man;
14.3;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run good length slower ball, 120kph, he defends with an open face to point;
14.2;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run 143kph, good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands to cover and calls yes immediately. Great batting and running;
14.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run 126kph, slower ball, it stays a touch low and chops this off the bottom edge back to the bowler;
13.6;?;Ali to Marsh, no run fuller on off, he drives inside out to cover but with no timing;
13.5;2;Ali to Marsh, 2 runs drifting into leg, he works this through forward square leg;
13.4;?;Ali to Marsh, no run flatter on middle, he defends towards midwicket;
13.3;?;Ali to Marsh, no run higher and slower, he steps forward to defend;
13.2;1;Ali to Warner, 1 run tossed up, he dances down and drives nicely inside out to long off;
13.1;?;Ali to Warner, no run tossed up on off, he drives to cover;
12.6;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run 137kph, good length, top of off, he is pushing from the crease to point;
12.5;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands to cover-point and sprint a single;
12.4;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run full on leg, he clips this behind square;
12.3;3;Stokes to Warner, 3 runs 141kph, short and wide and he's cracking a cut shot past cover, wide of the sweeper on the point fence and they run brilliantly to pick up three;
12.2;2;Stokes to Warner, 2 runs full on leg, he works this square of midwicket, nicely placed for a couple;
12.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run bouncer, he leaned back to ramp it over fine third man but missed;
11.6;?;Ali to Marsh, no run drifting in to middle, hint of turn, he closes the face and gets a leading edge that rolls to cover;
11.5;1;Ali to Warner, 1 run tossed up, he drives inside out to long off;
11.4;?;Ali to Warner, no run fuller on leg, he skips out and clips it to midwicket;
11.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run full on leg, he drives neatly to long on;
11.2;1;Ali to Warner, 1 run drifting into leg, very full, he pushes towards long on, just past midwicket for one;
11.1;?;Ali to Warner, no run drifting down leg, it comes of pad and runs to short fine;
10.6;2;Stokes to Marsh, 2 runs slower ball, short and wide, he cuts this neatly behind point but there's a man back, they get two;
10.5;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run back of a length, he is back and defending this into the gully for a single;
10.4;?;Stokes to Warner, no run 142kph, good length, on leg stump, he turns this to forward square leg;
10.3;?;Stokes to Warner, no run beaten wafting at a 141kph good length angled across. He tried to run to third man but his feet were anchored;
10.2;1;Stokes to Marsh, 1 run good length, 143kph, angled across, he's back and late cutting in the air through the vacant gully to third man;
10.1;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run beaten by a beauty, good length, nipping away past the groping bat;
9.6;4lb;Tom Curran to Warner, 4 leg byes 130kph, length ball, nipped in and cut him in half, comes off back thigh and runs through the vacant slips for four leg byes!;
9.5;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run fuller, he drives to cover and Dawson makes an excellent save;
9.4;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run short and wide, he cuts but mistimes it to point;
9.3;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run good length, top of off, he's back and defending to midwicket;
9.2;4;Tom Curran to Warner, FOUR runs lofted through the line and down the ground! Sensational shot. It was fuller, he just checked a drive, getting the bat through the line and back over the bowler's head;
9.1;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run good length, middle stump, he's back and across and defending;
8.6;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run good length, he gets a thick inside edge onto pad again and it runs behind square;
8.5;?;Stokes to Warner, no run full yorker, almost squeezed onto off stump! He jammed it into his pad, it bounced behind him and it just missed the stumps!;
8.4;3;Stokes to Marsh, 3 runs too full and Marsh steers this through point, beautifully timing, he just dropped the bat on it and opened the face, it raced away for three;
8.3;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run he's taken on the pad, it pitched outside leg, it runs to a vacant gully for a leg bye. Warner was caught on the crease there;
8.2;?;Stokes to Warner, no run back of a length, 142kph, stayed down a touch, he's back and defending to cover;
8.1;?;Stokes to Warner, no run 141kph, good length on off, he defends firmly on the front foot to point;
7.6;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run 132kph, on leg stump, he glances this neatly but straight to the man inside the circle at short fine leg;
7.5;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run 136kph, fuller on middle, he drives back to the bowler;
7.4;1;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 run 129kph, shorter length, he's back and turning this to the gap at square leg;
7.3;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run back of a length, off stump, he's back and across and defending;
7.2;4;Tom Curran to Warner, FOUR runs over-pitched and he slices this through point! Nowhere near the middle of the bat as it tailed away late but he sliced it into the gap at it raced to the point rope;
7.1;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run 135kph, good length, fourth stump line, he leaves watchfully. It wasn't far away from off;
6.6;1;Stokes to Warner, 1 run 140kph, good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands to cover and calls yes immediately;
6.5;4;Stokes to Warner, FOUR runs easy fine leg glance. Too straight and Warner tickles it fine for four;
6.4;?;Stokes to Warner, no run beaten by a 139kph full ball nipping away from Warner who had his feet anchored as he tried to drive;
6.3;2;Stokes to Marsh, 2 runs short and he pulls, not in control but gets it just over midwicket, Archer pulls it in on the rope but he slipped as he made the save!;
6.2;?;Stokes to Marsh, no run 135kph, full on middle, he drives to mid on;
6.1;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run slower ball, 129kph, full, he drives to wide mid off and runs immediately with the stroke;
6.1;1w;Wood to Warner, 1 wide angled down leg and called wide;
5.6;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run 135kph, full and wide, he mistimes a drive to mid off;
5.5;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run 135kph, fuller length, he tries to drive but mistimes off the inside edge to forward square;
5.4;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run good length, 136kph, on middle, he works to midwicket;
5.3;1lb;Tom Curran to Warner, 1 leg bye good length, leg stump, he's taken on the thigh and it rolls away for a run;
5.2;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run fuller length, he defends on the front foot to mid off;
5.1;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run an appeal for LBW but it was thick inside edge onto pad. They bailed out of the appeal. Good length and straight but he got bat on it;
4.6;4;Wood to Marsh, FOUR runs angled down leg, he glances this fine and it flies to the rope! Curran couldn't get around from fine leg;
4.5;?;Wood to Marsh, no run wide of the crease, angled across the left hander, he leaves this alone;
4.4;?;Wood to Marsh, no run good length, top of off, he defends with soft hands on the front foot;
4.3;W;Wood to Finch, OUT chipped to mid on! Moeen Ali takes the catch! This was a slower ball, full on off, he trying to loft down the ground, he dragged it off the inside half of the bat and just chipped it straight to the man on the circle at mid on. Easy catch for Moeen Ali.;Aaron Finch c Ali b Wood 14 (23m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 82.35;
4.2;1;Wood to Warner, 1 run good length, 145kph, angled across, he sits back and opens the face to run this neatly to third man;
4.1;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run short and wide, he leans back and cracks a cut but can't beat backward point, a misfield allows one;
3.6;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run very full, driven firmly to mid on, Plunkett has to work hard on the circle to dive and stop it but he can't prevent one;
3.5;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run good length, 138kph, top of off, he defends half forward;
3.4;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run fuller, 133kph, angled down leg, taken on the pad as he tries to work square again;
3.3;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run 138kph, back of a length, he jumps back to try and whip through square leg but is taken on the thigh pad;
3.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run back of a length, 136kph, he stands tall trying to punch off the back foot but drags it to mid on;
3.1;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run 138kph, good length, top of off, he defends on the front foot;
2.6;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run good length, 149kph, he defends with soft hands to the gap at cover and pinches a single;
2.5;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs pulled with control over midwicket! 138kph and chest high. Finch will punish that all day long. He sat back and just lifted it up and over midwicket;
2.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run 149kph, fuller on off, he drives firmly towards mid on;
2.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run 143kph, back of a length, fifth stump line, touch of shape away, he leaves;
2.2;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs full on the pads and Finch clips this neatly behind square! That's a gift to any professional top order player. Finch gladly accepts;
2.1;2;Wood to Finch, 2 runs 145kph, chest high short ball, he pulls with control wide of fine leg and sprints two. Good running;
1.6;4;Tom Curran to Warner, FOUR runs over-pitched and Warner leans on it, with a lovely caress through cover! Beautiful stroke to get off the mark;
1.5;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run good length, top of off, he shuffles back and across and defends towards midwicket;
1.4;?;Tom Curran to Warner, no run 134kph, good length angled across and he leaves it alone;
1.3;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run short on the hip, he flicks this away to fine leg;
1.2;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run back of a length, 137kph, outside off, he's back and defending;
1.1;?;Tom Curran to Finch, no run Huge LBW appeal and England review. It was a good length, he stayed back and it skidded from a length, stayed a touch low, he was hit on the knee roll. No bat involved. Ball tracking says, impact in line, it's umpire's call on clipping leg stump. Not out;
0.6;?;Wood to Warner, no run 150kph, good length angled across him, hint of shape back, he leaves;
0.5;?;Wood to Warner, no run 143kph, short lifter, Warner is jumping back and across to defend with the full face;
0.4;?;Wood to Warner, no run big swing and miss trying to pull a 148kph short ball, it looked like he was through the shot early though;
0.3;?;Wood to Warner, no run 148kph, good length, off stump, he defends on the front foot, they look to pinch one but Warner sends Finch back wisely;
0.2;?;Wood to Warner, no run 139kph, shorter length, leg stump, he's taken on the thigh pad trying to work behind square;
0.1;?;Wood to Warner, no run back of a length, he punches off the back foot to point;

The boos are there as David Warner and Aaron Finch walk out to the middle. Warner will take strike. Mark Wood will bowl the first over.
Mel Farrell says: "Lots of boos for Warner. Just heard someone yell 'You cheats'"
Thanks Sreshth. Hello everyone. Jos Buttler said at the toss that Chris Woakes will play as a batsman only today.
Seth Miller: "I'm sad to hear that Warner was booed at the ground today. Now I'm not a Warner or an Australian fan at all, but I still think he shouldn't be booed. Sure what he did was wrong, but he has paid the penalty. So there is no need to keep bringing it up and booing him for it now."
10.26am Just a few minutes to the first ball. Here's Alex Malcolm for the first time today on commentary.
Pitch report: "Stunning ground, just 18 degrees C," says Michael Slater. "The dimensions are slightly skewed on one side." Kumar Sangakkara says, "beautiful wicket. Not a huge covering of grass. Beautiful colour, nice and hard. Swing early on, little beat of seam but not for long. A bit of extra bounce - will help both spinners and pacers."
10.21am A few more updates from Southampton. Joe Root is missing today's game because of his grandfather's passing. Our thoughts are with the Root family. As for #WarnerWatch, a bit of boos for him, according to Mel Farrell, when his name was announced at the ground.
Buttler: "Think it will be a good wicket and stay that way for 100 overs. Morgan should be fine next time. We've had a fantastic preparation, we definitely feel ready. Today will be a great test against a strong side. Just the XI players today."
Finch: "I would've bowled first too. Beautiful place to play cricket, but now need to put a big score on the board. I think we've become a bit more confident as a group. Beating India was huge, has given us a lot of self belief. That we can beat the best in the world."
John: "Looking at pictures of the players on the ground, the England strip seems to look a bit better than it did in studio shots. The light blue seems a bit richer. Maybe that's the cameras or maybe its the sun."
10.15am Corruption, spot-fixing and match-fixing is always a worry for the ICC. But their Anti-Corruption Unit has many things in place to ensure none of that happens at the World Cup. Details here.
rahman: "@Spencer, I guess they (Australia) dont want to demo their full strength vs. a top favorite of this WC"
10.05am Toss - England opt to field. As suggested by Dobell before: Root, Rashid, Jofra and Morgan will not play today. Jos Buttler will captain them. As for Australia, no Maxwell, Starc or Cummins. Just the right time to check out our sparkling LIVE BLOG, that brings together all the in-depth analysis of the big moments. The kind of setuff we can't dissect during ball-by-ball commentary.
Dez: "Bit of a botch to have this on tv the same day as the RLODC final isn't it??" -- Not for Australia fans + neutrals! Anyhoo, that game's scorecard is just one click away
--------
ESPNcricinfo is proud to present Cricket Picks, a fast and fun predictor game that tests whether cricket fans can accurately pick the results of each match over the entire Cricket World Cup, along with predicting the best performers of the entire tournament."
It works over three stages, beginning with pre-tournament (now, till May 30) and up to the final. All it takes is 60 seconds per week to predict who will win the next week's worth of games, week by week, over the round robin stage and the finals. Players can create their own private competitions for family, friends or work colleagues, join official competitions for fans of each nation, or just play solo against everyone else in their Cricinfo edition or globally
--------
Spencer : "Why would Starc & Cummins need a "rest" ? Did they spend the past week doing navvy work for some local authority ?" -- I hear that Australia want to treat their next warm-up game against Sri Lanka as a full dress rehearsal.
Aditya: "The 2 warm up matches today could well be the precursor to 2 semifinals of World Cup."
Matt Warwick: "Super pumped for tonights games. Really starting to feel it now. "
9.55am Just five minutes to the toss. If you're in England for the World Cup, then don't forget to check out these pretty places in our 'cricket tourist's guide of the World Cup'
Abhijato Sensar: "Mr Shah, I know you're a local legend when it comes to quizzing. Hence, with you and all others, I share the most fascinating cricketing trivia question I've come across recently -- three Indian batsmen have hit a century in their County debut innings. Two are Rahane (2019) and Vijay (2018)... Who was the first one to do so in 2013?" -- Hey, I know this! Piyush Chawla, would you believe it.
9.50am Earlier this week, Moeen Ali urged the England crowd to not heckle Steven Smith and David Warner in England this summer, but Australia's fielding coach Brad Haddin doesn't mind a bit of trash-talking from the Barmy Army. In fact, he'd rather have Australia embrace that. How about that?!
Are England's prep plans completed marred by Morgan's unavailability? Dobell dissects. And if you're the kind who likes to listen to a podcast or two, here's Osman Samiuddin, Alan Gardner and Andrew Miller coming up with ways on how "England can NOT win the World Cup."
9.40am Alex Malcolm says that Mitchell Starc and Pat Cummins may not feature for Australia today. Nothing major, just resting. But Dobell quips that there might be a third Australia player not featuring today. Wonder who that is.
Mustafa Moudi: "Smith, Root, Williamson and Kohli - All very own Fab 4 are in action today on the Same Day, Same Time, Same country just 80 miles apart !!"
9.35am We have George Dobell at Southampon today, who says, "g'day from the Ageas. Beautiful day it is too. We're expecting about 10,000 here today. I think England may play as few as 11 in their side. Pretty sure we won't see Jofra, who is fine but being rested. We may not see Root either, and no Adil (shoulder) and Morgan (flake fracture) for certain."
9.30am Hey hey hey, the World Cup is nearly here, but before that it's time for some acclimatisation. Well, at least, for defending champions Australia's sake.
They meet hosts, and firm favourites, England in their first warm-up game today, who, for their part, are itching to get their World Cup campaign started. Eoin Morgan said yesterday, that if he controlled the schedule, he'd rather have the World Cup start today itself. But as it stands, both teams get a hit-out today, with each captain looking to get one step closer to that best XI for the tournament.
Remember today's rules, all 15 players can participate, but only 11 can bat. Yesterday we saw Afghanistan beat Pakistan. Can we see Australia, *cough cough*, upset England today? My name is Sreshth Shah, and together with Alex Malcolm, we welcome you to ESPNcricinfo's coverage of the World Cup warm-ups.
 Innings Start
That's that as far as today goes. Hope you enjoyed our coverage. Do join us for tomorrow's games. South Africa v West Indies and Pakistan v Bangladesh. Hope to see you then. Cheers
Time to join the captains
Aaron Finch: Our fielding was sloppy, not upto the standards we set ourselves. To get 300 was superb, Steve played an unbelievable knock. Overall, pretty happy. Wicket got slower and drier, Nathan Lyon bowled slower and bowled beautiful lengths. The wicket had something in it for everyone. Jason Behrendorff was impeccable with his new-ball bowling today. Can move the ball back in to right-handers, when you're challenging the stumps, it's a great asset to have. Just need to get two-in batters right towards the back half of the innings, just need to have our partnerships go deeper, and the fielding. Bowling overall was pretty good.
Jos Buttler: Some good work for some of the bowlers, good to see Plunkett take wickets, Stokes bowl a lot of overs. Lost a couple of lads to a few niggles, but we're in good shape. Dawson could've batted if it was a World Cup game but chose to rest him as a precautionary measure. The pitch was slower than some of the pitches we've played on before. It was still a good wickets, but didn't have the pace it normally has. Disappointing when you're feeling in good touch, we were in a position to win the game, disappointing when you get out.
Pleasing win for Australia, but England don't have any reason to fret. This is a contest we'll see a lot more of as the summer progresses. Steven Smith made a century, David Warner 43, while for England, Vince, Buttler and Woakes hit the high notes with the bat later in the evening. England had some anxious moments early in the day when Archer and Dawson triggered an injury scare. Wood too had to go off for a pre-cautionary scan, but we're told it's not too serious.
James Vince: It's a warm-up game, guys got something out of it. Wicket was two-paced, but managed to get few which was nice. Jos took all the pressure off, think he got 50 off 30 as the rate was climbing. Should've kept a few more wickets in the hut there. These warm-ups are - well, we were missing a couple of guys. Lack of couple of partnerships hurt us. All our injuries are minor, hopefully all good.
49.3;W;Stoinis to Archer, 1 run, OUT length ball, on middle, and uncomfortably pulled to deep midwicket. He wants a second run, and oh dear, he's run out! Australia win by 13 runs!;Jofra Archer run out (Maxwell/?Carey) 1 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.2;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run length ball on off, and he tries to cut square. Inside-edged towards the keeper, but they scamper across for one. Keeper misses his shy at the stumps;
49.1;W;Stoinis to Plunkett, OUT back of a length outside off, and Plunkett comes down the wicket. Tries to pull square, and the crowd roars as they think that it's going for a six, but wait, Maxwell is there in the deep! Pin-drop silence all of a sudden;Liam Plunkett c Maxwell b Stoinis 19 (32m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 95;
48.6;2;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 2 runs length ball, outside off, and tries to cut. Mistimed to Smith at point, but he misfields allowing Rashid to take the second and Plunkett to take the strike for the final over;
48.5;2;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 2 runs full, outside off stump, and Rashid has teed off! But this has only found the bat's toe-end, and lands safely near midwicket. They scamper across for two;
48.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run;
48.3;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run tries to improvise but fails. This was wide outside off stump, but Rashid tried to paddle it after exposing all three stumps. Eventually caught in two minds, and even misses the defensive shot;
48.2;1;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 1 run length ball, angling into Plunkett, but pulled over the square-leg umpire. Is that running away for four? Nope, man slides across the ground;
48.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 1 run length ball outside off, allowing Rashid to free his arms. Cut above the infield to the man in the deep;
47.6;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run slower ball to end his over. Full, on off, and driven to long on. Just three conceded by Stoinis;
47.5;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run length ball, outside off, and he tries to back away and cut. But he misses, and the ball goes through to the keeper;
47.4;1;Stoinis to Plunkett, 1 run another overpitched ball, and driven to cover;
47.3;?;Stoinis to Plunkett, no run nearly a yorker, on off, and dug back to Stoinis;
47.2;W;Stoinis to Plunkett, OUT length ball, outside off, and Plunkett walks across to the off side to try and paddle. But he misses, and the ball rolls towards Stoinis. The bowler runs to the ball, picks it up, turns, and then sees Woakes halfway down the pitch trying to pinch a single. Stoinis takes aim and then throws the non-striker's stumps down. England lose their eighth, a useful 40 for Woakes;Chris Woakes run out (Stoinis) 40 (61m 44b 3x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
47.1;1;Stoinis to Woakes, 1 run full, outside off, and he clears his front leg before creaming an inside-out drive to NCN at deep point;
46.6;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run can't put it away;
46.5;2;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 2 runs length ball, tries to hit it too hard, and mistimed to the leg side. But because it's been mistimed, they manage to come back for the second;
46.4;4;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, FOUR runs full, wide outside off, and he drags a slog from outside the stumps and into the wide long-on fence! Powerfully struck;
46.3;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run back of a length outside off, and Plunkett comes charging down the ground to slog, but he misses again;
46.2;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run slower ball again, full on off, and driven away from his body to the gap near cover. Plunkett wants the second, but sent back;
46.1;?;Kane Richardson to Woakes, no run full, wide, outside off, and he tries to drive. Misses out;
49.3;W;Stoinis to Archer, 1 run, OUT length ball, on middle, and uncomfortably pulled to deep midwicket. He wants a second run, and oh dear, he's run out! Australia win by 13 runs!;Jofra Archer run out (Maxwell/?Carey) 1 (4m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
49.2;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run length ball on off, and he tries to cut square. Inside-edged towards the keeper, but they scamper across for one. Keeper misses his shy at the stumps;
49.1;W;Stoinis to Plunkett, OUT back of a length outside off, and Plunkett comes down the wicket. Tries to pull square, and the crowd roars as they think that it's going for a six, but wait, Maxwell is there in the deep! Pin-drop silence all of a sudden;Liam Plunkett c Maxwell b Stoinis 19 (32m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 95;
48.6;2;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 2 runs length ball, outside off, and tries to cut. Mistimed to Smith at point, but he misfields allowing Rashid to take the second and Plunkett to take the strike for the final over;
48.5;2;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 2 runs full, outside off stump, and Rashid has teed off! But this has only found the bat's toe-end, and lands safely near midwicket. They scamper across for two;
48.4;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run;
48.3;?;Kane Richardson to Rashid, no run tries to improvise but fails. This was wide outside off stump, but Rashid tried to paddle it after exposing all three stumps. Eventually caught in two minds, and even misses the defensive shot;
48.2;1;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 1 run length ball, angling into Plunkett, but pulled over the square-leg umpire. Is that running away for four? Nope, man slides across the ground;
48.1;1;Kane Richardson to Rashid, 1 run length ball outside off, allowing Rashid to free his arms. Cut above the infield to the man in the deep;
47.6;1;Stoinis to Rashid, 1 run slower ball to end his over. Full, on off, and driven to long on. Just three conceded by Stoinis;
47.5;?;Stoinis to Rashid, no run length ball, outside off, and he tries to back away and cut. But he misses, and the ball goes through to the keeper;
47.4;1;Stoinis to Plunkett, 1 run another overpitched ball, and driven to cover;
47.3;?;Stoinis to Plunkett, no run nearly a yorker, on off, and dug back to Stoinis;
47.2;W;Stoinis to Plunkett, OUT length ball, outside off, and Plunkett walks across to the off side to try and paddle. But he misses, and the ball rolls towards Stoinis. The bowler runs to the ball, picks it up, turns, and then sees Woakes halfway down the pitch trying to pinch a single. Stoinis takes aim and then throws the non-striker's stumps down. England lose their eighth, a useful 40 for Woakes;Chris Woakes run out (Stoinis) 40 (61m 44b 3x4 0x6) SR: 90.9;
47.1;1;Stoinis to Woakes, 1 run full, outside off, and he clears his front leg before creaming an inside-out drive to NCN at deep point;
46.6;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run can't put it away;
46.5;2;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 2 runs length ball, tries to hit it too hard, and mistimed to the leg side. But because it's been mistimed, they manage to come back for the second;
46.4;4;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, FOUR runs full, wide outside off, and he drags a slog from outside the stumps and into the wide long-on fence! Powerfully struck;
46.3;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run back of a length outside off, and Plunkett comes charging down the ground to slog, but he misses again;
46.2;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run slower ball again, full on off, and driven away from his body to the gap near cover. Plunkett wants the second, but sent back;
46.1;?;Kane Richardson to Woakes, no run full, wide, outside off, and he tries to drive. Misses out;
45.6;1;Lyon to Woakes, 1 run full, on off, and the leg-side drive takes a leading edge to long off instead. Lyon finishes with 1-37;
45.5;?;Lyon to Woakes, no run length ball, outside off, but the ball stays low! Tries to cut, but misses. Excellent take by Carey;
45.4;2;Lyon to Woakes, 2 runs length ball, outside off and he makes some room. Cut behind square for a couple;
45.3;1;Lyon to Plunkett, 1 run wide outside off, and he drives with the turn to long on;
45.2;?;Lyon to Plunkett, no run full outside off, and he comes down the wicket to give the ball a whip. But the delivery turns in, hits his front leg and rolls away to the off side;
45.1;1;Lyon to Woakes, 1 run full, outside off and turning in. Driven to long on. Maxwell misfields, but Australia don't concede an extra run;
44.6;4;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, FOUR runs back of a length outside off, and Plunkett just stands there to guide a late cut past the keeper for four. Crucial boundary;
44.5;2;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 2 runs goes just over mid off! Slower ball, full, and Plunkett plonks this over Finch at mid-off. Could've been out, had he been near the 30-year circle, but instead Finch was a tad too in;
44.4;?;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, no run length ball outside off, and he flat-bats a cut in front of square;
44.3;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run back of a length outside off, and he slaps a cut to the fielder in the deep;
44.2;?;Kane Richardson to Woakes, no run nearly a yorker, slower ball on middle, and mistimed back to the bowler;
44.1;?;Kane Richardson to Woakes, no run length ball, on middle, and fended off the back foot;
43.6;?;Stoinis to Plunkett, no run full, on off, and defended with soft hands;
43.5;2;Stoinis to Plunkett, 2 runs back of a length on off, and he drags a pull to deep midwicket;
43.4;1;Stoinis to Woakes, 1 run full outside off, and driven with the bat's open face to deep extra cover;
43.3;1;Stoinis to Plunkett, 1 run low full toss, just outside off, and he toe-ends a drive over the keeper! Carey gets fingertips to it;
43.2;?;Stoinis to Plunkett, no run length ball, outside off, and zipping through to the keeper;
43.1;?;Stoinis to Plunkett, no run slower ball, full outside off, and he toe-ends a drive to mid off;
42.6;1;Kane Richardson to Plunkett, 1 run gets off the mark right away. Flicked off his boots;
42.5;W;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, OUT length ball, outside off stump, and cut square. But it's been toe-ended, and taken at point!;Tom Curran c Khawaja b Richardson 2 (9m 5b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
42.4;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run low full toss, outside off, and he can't find the perfect timing. Mistimed to cover. England's 250 too;
42.3;4;Kane Richardson to Woakes, FOUR runs full, wide, and drilled with the bat's open face for an exquisite square cut. Poor from Richardson;
42.2;1;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, 1 run length ball outside off, and he throws his hands at this to cut it between cover and point;
42.1;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run length ball outside off, and cut away to deep point;
41.6;?;Lyon to Tom Curran, no run full outside off, and he drives against the spin to mid-off;
41.5;1;Lyon to Woakes, 1 run length ball, outside off and turning in. Cut again to deep point;
41.4;1;Lyon to Tom Curran, 1 run;
41.3;1;Lyon to Woakes, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he hammers a cut to deep point;
41.2;?;Lyon to Woakes, no run full on off, and turning into his pads. Tries to flick square but misses;
41.1;?;Lyon to Woakes, no run wiiild offbreak this time. Length outside off, and turning in. Defended towards the off side;
40.6;?;Zampa to Tom Curran, no run full, on middle, and he takes a few steps down the wicket to defend;
40.5;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full, on middle, and driven down the ground to long on for a single;
40.4;W;Zampa to Ali, OUT full, on middle, and this has been check-slogged into the leg side. But the shot doesn't have the distance, and wide long on makes no mistake. Crucial wicket for Australia;Moeen Ali c Richardson b Zampa 22 (54m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 84.61;
40.3;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full on leg stump, and he clears his front leg before slogging down the ground. Well short of Maxwell at long on;
40.2;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run length ball, outside off, and the googly skids in. Tapped to mid-off;
40.1;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run length ball, on middle, and spinning away. Cut square to the man in the deep;
39.6;1;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 run length ball, angling away, and he runs this down to third man;
39.5;4;Kane Richardson to Ali, FOUR runs up and over! Full, angling away and Moeen opens the bat's face and lifts it over extra cover;
39.4;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run back of a length, on leg, and defended with soft hands;
39.4;1w;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 wide back of a length outside leg stump, and seaming further down leg. Carey does well to not concede any extra extra;
39.3;?;Kane Richardson to Ali, no run length ball, outside leg, and he tries to flick fine. But it hits his knee-roll and rolls away to the off side;
39.3;1w;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 wide back of a length, outside leg stump, and through to the keeper;
39.2;1;Kane Richardson to Woakes, 1 run back of a length outside off, but seaming in. He taps it into the deck while tiptoeing and scampers across for a single;
39.1;1;Kane Richardson to Ali, 1 run starts off with the slower one. Full, on middle, and pushed to the vacant point region;
38.6;4;Zampa to Woakes, FOUR runs full, wide, and drilled through the covers! Too full for the ball to display any spin, and Woakes trusts his bat swing this time;
38.5;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run full, outside off, and he leans forward to drive. Finds cover;
38.4;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run half-tracker on middle, and skidding through. Woakes tries to pull along the ground after making some room, but can't beat short midwicket;
38.3;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run tossed up on middle, and dug away to Finch at short midwicket. Nearly a yorker;
38.2;1lb;Zampa to Ali, 1 leg bye slower through the air. Lands full on leg, and turns into his pads. Nudged to square leg;
38.1;3;Zampa to Woakes, 3 runs quicker one, sliding through outside off but Woakes goes deep in his crease before cutting square. Placed well between third man and deep point, but Stoinis' diving effort saves the extra run;
37.6;1;Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run length ball, on leg, and nudged away to the leg side for a run;
37.5;4;Behrendorff to Woakes, FOUR runs flashes and flashes hard! Length ball angling away, and he throws his bat at this. Outside edge past the vacant slip cordon for a boundary;
37.4;?;Behrendorff to Woakes, no run play and a miss. Short on leg, and he tries to pull, but can't connect;
37.3;2;Behrendorff to Woakes, 2 runs back of a length on middle, angling away, and cut in front of square to deep extra cover;
37.2;?;Behrendorff to Woakes, no run length ball, on leg, and guided to point off the back foot;
37.1;1;Behrendorff to Ali, 1 run length ball, outside off, and angling away. Mistimes the cut to point;
36.6;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run full, on leg stump, and tapped to short midwicket;
36.5;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run full on leg, and he clears his front leg to hammer a shot to long on;
36.4;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full on middle, and driven to long on for a walking single;
36.3;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run full, just outside off, and driven to wide mid-off;
36.2;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run full on off, and the wrong'un turns inwards. Presses forward to defend, and the ball hits his front leg. Appeal for lbw turned down, but Finch reviews. Did that spin too much? Yep, going over leg stump. Australia lose their review.;
36.1;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run full, on leg, and drilled to long on;
35.6;?;Behrendorff to Woakes, no run another beautiful delivery angling away from Woakes. Tries to hammer this back-of-a-length ball towards cover, but can't connect;
35.5;?;Behrendorff to Woakes, no run length ball, wide outside off, and angling away. Tries to cut but misses;
35.4;2;Behrendorff to Woakes, 2 runs back of a length on middle, and swatted away from above their head to the deep midwicket region;
35.3;3;Behrendorff to Ali, 3 runs full, but slower ball, and Moeen picks this early. Clatters a shot over cover, but it doesn't have the legs to go for four;
35.2;?;Behrendorff to Ali, no run length ball, outside off, and he tries to play this deftly towards third man. Stopped by Zampa inside the circle;
35.1;1;Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run length ball, on leg, and the leg-side flick flies down to fine leg;
34.6;2;Zampa to Ali, 2 runs length ball, on off, and cut behind square to deep point. A couple more for England;
34.5;?;Zampa to Ali, no run full outside off, and he presses forward to defend;
34.4;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full outside off, and he drives with the turn - away from his body - to wide long off;
34.3;?;Zampa to Woakes, no run full, on off, and spinning slightly away. Pushed to cover;
34.2;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run length ball, on middle, and nudged off his waist to square leg;
34.1;1;Zampa to Woakes, 1 run full, outside off stump, and driven away from his body to extra cover;
33.6;1;Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run shorter length, third man is back, he runs this off the face along the ground to third man;
33.5;W;Behrendorff to Vince, OUT caught at short third man! An error from Vince! Third man was inside the circle, this was short outside off, but cramping Vince for room, he leaned back to late cut but just glided it straight to Lyon on the circle!;James Vince c Lyon b Behrendorff 64 (116m 76b 5x4 0x6) SR: 84.21;
33.4;1;Behrendorff to Ali, 1 run 131kph, top of middle, he turns this with the angle to midwicket;
33.3;1;Behrendorff to Vince, 1 run good length, he drives firmly on the up to deep cover-point;
33.2;2;Behrendorff to Vince, 2 runs short again, and again he cracks this in the air forward of square but he can't beat Stoinis on the rope;
33.1;2;Behrendorff to Vince, 2 runs short length, he pulls in the air in front fo square for a couple;
32.6;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run tossed up outside off, he drives uppishly to long off;
32.5;4;Zampa to Vince, 4 runs he slices a cut shot past backward point to the long boundary, Richardson has a long chase, he just pulls it back but they run four anyway!;
32.4;?;Zampa to Vince, no run flatter and quicker, he's back and defending from deep in the crease;
32.3;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run shorter length, he's back and pulling this firmly to wide long on;
32.2;?;Zampa to Ali, no run tossed up higher, he drives firmly back to the bowler;
32.1;?;Zampa to Ali, no run looped up on leg, he defends to midwicket;
31.6;?;Lyon to Vince, no run looped up outside off, he defends on the front foot;
31.5;?;Lyon to Vince, no run attempted sweep from outside off, he misses, Carey can't glove that sharp spinning ball either;
31.4;?;Lyon to Vince, no run tossed up outside off, he defends into the off side;
31.3;4b;Lyon to Vince, 4 byes missed stumping! Vince charged down, was beaten in flight and it ripped back between bat and pad, nearly bowled him and Carey missed it! It went for four byes. That spun sharply;
31.2;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run shorter length, he punches to deep point;
31.1;?;Lyon to Ali, no run leading edge popped just over the leaping Lyon! He closed the face early, it ballooned high but just out of reach of Lyon jumping up;
30.6;2;Coulter-Nile to Vince, 2 runs shorter length, into the thigh, he works this easily behind square between the two sweepers for two more;
30.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Vince, no run 134kph, good length, angled in, he is cramped as he pushes this to midwicket;
30.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Vince, 2 runs back of a length, outside off, 133kph, he drives on the up to the long cover boundary and picks up a couple;
30.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run shorter length, 136kph, he stands tall and steers this away to wide third man;
30.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Vince, 1 run short ball, he cracks a pull shot straight to deep square. 50 for Vince. Warm applause from his home fans for a fine knock;
30.1;1;Coulter-Nile to Ali, 1 run 132kph, good length, angled across, he squared drives elegantly to deep point;
29.6;?;Lyon to Vince, no run good length outside off, he defends on the front foot;
29.5;?;Lyon to Vince, no run he dances down, doesn't quite get to the pitch, turns this fine to short fine leg;
29.4;1;Lyon to Ali, 1 run tossed up, he drives firmly to long off;
29.3;?;Lyon to Ali, no run tossed up on middle, he defends on the front foot;
29.2;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this firmly to long on;
29.1;?;Lyon to Vince, no run tossed up outside off, he square drives with and open face to backward point;
28.6;W;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, OUT leading edge caught at midwicket! The air just got sucked out of the Ageas Bowl! A length slower ball, stops in the surface, Buttler closed the face too early, got a leading edge and it just popped up to Khawaja at midwicket. The Australians can't believe their luck. Buttler departs;Jos Buttler c Khawaja b Coulter-Nile 52 (32m 31b 5x4 3x6) SR: 167.74;
28.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, FOUR runs cracking cover drive to bring up fifty! What an innings. His hand speed to loft this powerfully through cover;
28.4;2;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, 2 runs 134kph, fuller outside off, he steers this inside out off the front foot through point, lovely placement to pick up two;
28.3;1;Coulter-Nile to Vince, 1 run good length, he mistimes a drive wide of Finch at mid off and they go with the stroke;
28.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Vince, no run 134kph, good length, off stump, he drives towards cover, bouncing it off the square, Smith jumps up and knocks it down;
28.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Vince, no run good length, top of off, he defends from the crease towards backward point;
27.6;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching towards long on, Maxwell dives again, gets a touch but not enough to stop the single;
27.5;2;Lyon to Vince, 2 runs looped up, Vince dances down and works this just past Maxwell at midwicket to pick up two;
27.4;1lb;Lyon to Buttler, 1 leg bye again spin and bounce, cramping Buttler, he's taken on the back thigh and it runs away for a leg bye;
27.3;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run shorter length, kicking up at Buttler, he is forced to defend;
27.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run shorter length, spinning into the pads, Buttler misses out trying to work it square;
27.1;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run shorter length, he's back and working towards long on, Maxwell comes from midwicket and dives but knocks it away to allow a single;
26.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, FOUR runs late cut off the edge and it runs fine through the vacant slips! 24 off the over! Buttler has slipped a gear!;
26.5;6;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, SIX runs pulled over square leg! It landed in the crowd! What a shot. Short ball, chest high, he swivels and hammers it;
26.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, no run punched off the back foot to backward point and Maxwell, on as a sub, makes a superb stop to save four;
26.3;4;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, FOUR runs cuts off the outside edge and it flies fine of third man! Short and wide again, he got close to it and slashed it off the edge and it flew away;
26.2;6;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, SIX runs This is better! Launched down the ground! A half-volley in the slot, he lofts it straight down the ground into the sightscreen;
26.1;4;Coulter-Nile to Buttler, FOUR runs short and wide and met with a cut shot that goes like a bullet through point! Poor ball but an incredible strike;
25.6;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run good length, off stump, he drops it close into the off side with soft hands calls for a single immediately;
25.5;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run fuller outside off, 132kph, he drives powerfully to mid off and Finch misfields to allow one;
25.4;?;Stoinis to Vince, no run 135kph, full on middle, he whips neatly but can't beat midwicket;
25.3;?;Stoinis to Vince, no run 132kph, good length, top of off, he defends from the crease;
25.2;3;Stoinis to Buttler, 3 runs good length, he stands up and punches with a bottom hand jab through midwicket for three. Sensational batting;
25.1;4;Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR runs pulled brilliantly behind square! It was a high bouncer, two men were back, he rolled the wrists to get it down and timed it perfectly and placed it between them;
24.6;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run drifting into leg, he works this against the turn through square leg;
24.5;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run pushed through flatter, he checks a back foot drive to cover but can't beat the man;
24.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run leg break, drifting in, good length, he defends on the front foot;
24.3;2;Zampa to Buttler, 2 runs tossed up on off, he drives inside out past cover along the ground, wide of long off who comes around;
24.2;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching to long off;
24.1;4;Zampa to Vince, FOUR runs lofted inside out over cover! Sumptuous from Vince. Elegance personified. Exceptional shot with the spin.;
23.6;2;Stoinis to Buttler, 2 runs Buttler is on the walk to a short ball, he pulls it behind square and sprints back for two beating the throw easily;
23.5;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run 134kph, very full and tailing into off, he pushes this slowly to mid on and they get a single;
23.4;1;Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run fuller, 132kph, he drives but mistimes it dragging it wide of mid on for a single;
23.3;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run 130kph, good length, top of middle, he works this off the back foot to midwicket;
23.2;?;Stoinis to Buttler, no run 130kph, very full outside off, he tries to hammer a drive down the ground but drags it to midwicket;
23.1;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run 132kph, good length, hint of tail in, he pushes this with soft hands into the off side and they get one;
22.6;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run fuller leg break on middle, he defends on the front foot;
22.5;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run flatter and quicker, he tries to cut and chops it off the bottom edge into the off side;
22.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run fuller outside off, he mistimes a drive to cover;
22.3;6;Zampa to Buttler, SIX runs cracked over midwicket and it goes way back! Goodness! He was so quick to get back on a slightly shorter length, and he smashed it miles over midwicket!;
22.2;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run shorter length leg break, not much turn, Vince is back and forcing this to long on;
22.1;1lb;Zampa to Buttler, 1 leg bye drifting leg side, it comes off pad, and runs fine for a leg bye;
21.6;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run shorter length, he's back and working this through forward square;
21.5;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching this to long on;
21.4;2;Lyon to Vince, 2 runs tossed up outside off, he clips this nicely with the spin past midwicket and wide of long on for two;
21.3;1;Lyon to Buttler, 1 run shorter length, he's back and punching firmly through cover-point;
21.2;?;Lyon to Buttler, no run tossed up and drifting across him wide of off, he leaves it alone;
21.1;W;Lyon to Stokes, OUT stumped! Finch's drop cost nothing. Terrible stroke from Stokes. He charged early, stayed well leg side, Lyon slid it through a little flatter and shorter, wide of off, Stokes tried to square drive on the move, played over the top of it, Carey had all day to takes the bails off and completed the task with little fuss.;Ben Stokes st ?Carey b Lyon 20 (34m 32b 0x4 0x6) SR: 62.5;
20.6;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run good length on off, he punches firmly through cover-point to the sweeper;
20.5;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run dropped by Finch at mid on! What a bad miss this is! It was full on leg, Stokes, wiped across the line, got a leading edge that ballooned towards mid on, Finch ran forward and dived, got there easily but the ball went straight through his hands!;
20.4;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run full on middle, 130kph, he whips neatly but straight to midwicket;
20.3;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run good length, top of off, 137kph, he drops the hands on it and bounces it towards gully and they take a tight but well judged one;
20.2;?;Stoinis to Vince, no run 129kph, full on off, he drives towards mid off;
20.1;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run full on the pads, he clips this neatly down to wide fine leg;
19.6;?;Lyon to Vince, no run shorter length on leg, he glances fine but straight to short fine leg;
19.5;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run tossed up, he drives firmly along the ground to long off;
19.4;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run an attempted reverse sweep comes off the glove, pops up and falls safe! Cries of catch it, but Smith couldn't get there running from slip;
19.3;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run skips down again and drives with ease to long on;
19.2;4;Lyon to Vince, FOUR runs he dances down and whips this beautifully wide of long on! He flicked the bottom hand with the turn and placed it to perfection wide of long on;
19.1;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run drifting into leg stump, he knocks this against the turn to midwicket for a single;
18.6;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run 130kph, short ball, he pulls well but straight to deep square;
18.5;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run 125kph, bouncer, he drops the knees and sways underneath it to let it pass;
18.4;?;Stoinis to Stokes, no run 127kph, good length, fourth stump line, he defends to backward point but can't beat the man;
18.3;2;Stoinis to Stokes, 2 runs Stokes charges a length ball and he punches this into the ground, bouncing it cover's head to get a couple;
18.2;1;Stoinis to Vince, 1 run short and wide, he cracks a cut shot firmly to deep point;
18.1;1;Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run 124kph, Stokes pulls in the air miscuing it but it falls well short of deep square;
17.6;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run tossed up, he drives firmly back towards Lyon who dives to his right but can't take it cleanly and he's frustrated as he allows one;
17.5;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run dances down to the pitch and whips with the turn to deep midwicket;
17.4;?;Lyon to Vince, no run flatter on off, he skips down and works it fine to short fine leg;
17.3;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run drifting into leg, he works this through midwicket against the turn;
17.2;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run looped up on off, he stretches forward and defends;
17.1;2;Lyon to Stokes, 2 runs arm ball wide of off, 104kph, he square drives through cover and Stoinis is stretched on the rope and they get two;
16.6;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run Vince shuffles outside off early, Richardson goes wider and Vince can't quite work it to the leg side, getting it back to the bowler;
16.5;1;Kane Richardson to Stokes, 1 run again on middle, he works it wide of mid on for a single only this time as Finch gets across to cut it off;
16.4;2;Kane Richardson to Stokes, 2 runs 129kph, middle and leg line, he clips this neatly through the vacant midwicket for a couple;
16.3;1;Kane Richardson to Vince, 1 run good length, he uses soft hands to run it through the gully to third man;
16.2;1;Kane Richardson to Stokes, 1 run 127kph, shorter into the arm pit, he knocks this down behind square for a single;
16.1;?;Kane Richardson to Stokes, no run 133kph, good length, top of off, he defends on the front foot to mid off;
15.6;?;Lyon to Vince, no run full, outside off and turning inwards. Met off the front foot to the off side;
15.5;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run length ball, on off and turning away. Flat-batted down the ground to wide long off;
15.4;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run length ball, on middle, and flicked to the leg side;
15.3;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run length ball, on off, and he backs away to drill a shot to deep extra cover;
15.2;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run full on leg stump, and tapped down the ground to mid-on;
15.1;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run length ball, on middle, and sliding into him. Bat-pad shot towards the leg side;
14.6;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run full, just outside off, and he throws his hands at this. Drilled, but only to mid off;
14.5;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run length ball, outside off, and he tries to cut past point, but Warner manages to stop the ball from going past;
14.4;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the front foot to cover;
14.3;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run full, just outside off, and defended towards mid-off;
14.2;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run back of a length, outside off, and cut square to point;
14.1;4;Kane Richardson to Vince, FOUR runs full, on off and angling in. Beautifully flicked off his pads, and this has flown away to the fine-leg boundary. Timing.;
13.6;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run appeal for lbw but not given. This was overpitched on middle, and Stokes misses the reverse sweeps. But they don't review, perhaps because it was bat first;
13.5;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run full, on middle, and the front-foot defense goes to the leg side;
13.4;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run appeal for lbw but perhaps pitching outside leg. Landed outside leg and turned across Stokes, hitting his front leg;
13.3;1;Lyon to Vince, 1 run length ball, on off and turning inwards. Punched off the back foot to wide long on;
13.2;1;Lyon to Stokes, 1 run length ball, wide outside off and turning away. Cut off the back foot to Marsh at deep point;
13.1;?;Lyon to Stokes, no run around the wicket, full on off, and turning away. Punched to mid on;
12.6;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run;
12.5;1;Kane Richardson to Stokes, 1 run length ball, angling away, and steered to third man;
12.4;?;Kane Richardson to Stokes, no run;
12.3;W;Kane Richardson to Roy, OUT soft dismissal! Length ball, cross-seamed delivery outside off, but a bit of extra bounce surprises Roy. Tries to defend, but it's met with hard hands, and the ball pops in the air. Taken by short cover, a genius fielding position for this kind of bowler;Jason Roy c Lyon b Richardson 32 (55m 37b 4x4 0x6) SR: 86.48;
12.2;1;Kane Richardson to Vince, 1 run length ball, on off and angling in. Tapped with the bat's closed face to NCN at deep midwicket;
12.1;1;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 run length ball, on off, and Roy moves across the stumps - exposing all three wickets - before nudging it off his pads to fine leg;
11.6;1;Zampa to Roy, 1 run length ball, outside off, and he flat-bats a shot to wide long off. Marsh cleans up;
11.5;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run full, on middle. Drilled off the front foot to long off;
11.4;1;Zampa to Roy, 1 run length ball, just outside off, and he makes room before crunching a cut in front of square. Hit so well that Vince can only take a single;
11.3;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run length ball, on off, and spinning inwards. Comfortably worked off his hips to fine leg for a single;
11.2;?;Zampa to Vince, no run full, on off, and driven past the non-striker to mid-on;
11.1;?;Zampa to Vince, no run big appeal for lbw but not given. Full, on middle, and sliding into his pads. But Vince was way too far down the ground;
10.6;?;Kane Richardson to Roy, no run length ball, outside off but angling in, and he tries to play a late cut. Misses, and it goes through to Carey on the bounce;
10.5;1;Kane Richardson to Vince, 1 run length ball, on off and angling in. Nudged off his pads to backward square leg;
10.4;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run skidder! Back of a length, just outside off, and the extra bounce takes the ball past Vince's attempted cut. Sharp take by Carey once more;
10.3;?;Kane Richardson to Vince, no run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to cover. Stoinis intercepts rapidly;
10.2;1;Kane Richardson to Roy, 1 run fuller, outside off, and driven to Lyon at cover;
10.1;?;Kane Richardson to Roy, no run length ball wide outside off, and Roy tries to hit the screws out of this. Misses the drive, and through to Carey;
9.6;4;Zampa to Vince, FOUR runs full, outside off, and the legbreak is met off the front foot. Caresses a square drive with the bat's open face, and this dribbles away to the backward point boundary;
9.5;1;Zampa to Roy, 1 run full toss, outside off, and driven to mid off;
9.4;?;Zampa to Roy, no run full, outside off, and the topspinner is swiped across the line. Hits his own boot though;
9.3;1;Zampa to Vince, 1 run length ball, on middle, and nudged off his pads to deep square leg;
9.2;?;Zampa to Vince, no run full, just outside off, and the wrong'un forces Vince to mistime a drive. Inside-edged onto his pads;
9.1;1;Zampa to Roy, 1 run full, on off, and driven to long off for a walking single. Bowling too full, not allowing the ball to turn;
8.6;1;Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run back of a length on leg, and flicked off his hips to deep backward square leg. Team fifty too;
8.5;1;Behrendorff to Vince, 1 run length ball, angling away, and guided to third man off the back foot;
8.4;?;Behrendorff to Vince, no run full, on off, and driven to mid-off;
8.3;?;Behrendorff to Vince, no run back of a length on middle, and soaring over Vince's shoulders and into Carey's gloves;
8.2;4;Behrendorff to Vince, FOUR runs full, on middle, and he flicks this behind square! Excellent tone off the bat, and deep square leg can't cut it off either;
8.1;1;Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run length ball, on leg and meeting the batsman near middle stump. Nudged off his pads to square leg;
7.6;?;Zampa to Vince, no run nearly chopped on! Slider, on off and coming inwards. Too close for Vince to cut, and he nearly played this onto his stumps;
7.5;2;Zampa to Vince, 2 runs length ball, outside off, and cut square for a couple;
7.4;?;Zampa to Vince, no run full, just outside off, and the slider is driven to Finch at mid-off;
7.4;1w;Zampa to Vince, 1 wide googly at length on middle stump. Spins down the leg side;
7.3;?;Zampa to Vince, no run full on middle, and the ball hits his boot and rolls away to the off side. Impact, though, was on leg stump, so likely that the ball would've missed the stumps;
7.2;?;Zampa to Vince, no run tossed up, wide outside off, but no real spin. Driven to mid-off;
7.2;1w;Zampa to Vince, 1 wide full, on middle, and sliding down the leg side;
7.1;?;Zampa to Vince, no run full on leg, and flicked off his toes to short midwicket;
6.6;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball, on middle, and he prods forward to block;
6.5;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball, on off, and guided to point;
6.4;W;Behrendorff to Bairstow, OUT sliced and taken by Warner at midwicket! Back of a length, getting big on Bairstow, but he goes for the slog anyway. Top-edged, but the fielder manages to run to his right and complete a simple catch. Behrendorff rewarded for some otherwise good bowling;Jonny Bairstow c Warner b Behrendorff 12 (30m 17b 2x4 0x6) SR: 70.58;
6.3;4;Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR runs slower ball, full on middle, and flicked off his toes over midwicket! Just a couple of bounces and into the wide long-off boundary;
6.2;4;Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR runs full, outside off and he throws his bat at this. Drills a shot past Roy - who does well to avoid the ball - and comfortably beats mid-off;
6.1;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run length ball, on middle, and fended off the back foot to mid on;
5.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs back of a length, on middle, and he mistimes a pull. In the air as it flies past the diving Zampa at backward square, and runs away to the fine-leg boundary;
5.5;1lb;Coulter-Nile to Bairstow, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw but umpire Ravi doesn't respond. Length ball on off, and Bairstow flicked across the line. Hits him near the knee roll, and Finch reviews after a bit of hesitation. Replays show it's hit his back leg. No inside-edge, and ball tracking says umpire's call! Clipping middle stump, but the decision stays. So does the review;
5.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and he guides a cut to deep point;
5.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run full, outside off and seaming in. He stands tall, and meets the ball on the front foot for a drive. But can't beat the fielder at short extra cover;
5.2;2;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 2 runs full, on middle, and he meets the ball on the front foot. Flicked off his toes to deep midwicket;
5.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run length, outside off, and Roy walks into a shot. Checks a punch to mid-off;
5.1;1w;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 wide nice take! Back of a length, on middle, and he can't connect with the attempted pull. Flies over his bat to Carey;
4.6;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run length ball, on middle, and drilled off the back foot to mid off;
4.5;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run length ball, on middle and angling away. YJB throws his hands at this, slapping a shot to Lyon at point;
4.4;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run length ball, on off, and punched with the bat's closed face to mid-on. Can't beat the infield;
4.3;3;Behrendorff to Roy, 3 runs smacked to the off side, but Stoinis - at cover point - dives over it. This was punched firmly, standing tall;
4.2;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run back of a length on middle, and the attempted pull hits his side before rolling away to poin;
4.1;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball, on middle, and angling away. He mistimes a pull to the leg side;
3.6;?;Coulter-Nile to Bairstow, no run pulls, but it's through him! Ball wasn't short enough, but Bairstow couldn't resist. Tries to swivel and pull, but the ball goes under his bat;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Bairstow, no run length ball, just outside off, and drilled off the front foot to cover;
3.4;1;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 run full, outside off, and the attempted drive goes over point. Behrendorff cleans up in the deep;
3.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run back of a length, on middle, and fended off the back foot to mid off;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run back of a length, on off, and he tries to work towards the leg side. Leading edge takes it to point instead;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run full, on off, and driven away to cover. Can't beat the infield though;
2.6;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run back of a length, tidy on middle, and punched to mid-off;
2.5;2;Behrendorff to Bairstow, 2 runs length, on middle, and he simply pushes this straight. Roy opens his legs to allow the ball to go through, and the mid-ff fielder has some extra work to do;
2.4;1;Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run length ball, on off, and he opens the bat's face to run this down to third man. Well played, considering the ball was very close to his face. A late adjustment of his knees allows him to meet the ball at a useful height;
2.3;1;Behrendorff to Bairstow, 1 run length ball, on middle, and worked off his waist to the fielder at deep midwicket;
2.2;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run shaping away! Lands on middle, this length delivery, and moves away late. Bairstow tries to crunch a shot through the off side, but misses;
2.1;?;Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run length ball, on middle and angling away. Flat-bats an attempted cut back to the bowler;
1.6;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs that's more like it! Short, wide, and cut away past the point fielder. Fetch that!;
1.6;1w;Coulter-Nile to Roy, 1 wide length ball, on middle, but going down leg. Carey does well to dive to his left and intercept;
1.5;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs length ball, on off, and the attempted defensive shot takes an inside edge and flies past his stumps to the fine-leg boundary. Riding his luck and how!;
1.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Roy, FOUR runs edged, but past Smith at first slip! Roy riding his luck. Full, outside off, and the cover drive flies past the slip cordon;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Roy, no run length ball, on off, and defended. But the ball flies off his inside-half to square leg;
1.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Bairstow, 1 run length ball on off, and angling in. Flicked off his hips down to fine leg;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to Bairstow, no run on the money straight up. Length ball on off, and angling into middle. Blocked off the back foot;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run back of a length, on middle, and steered towards point;
0.5;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run dropped! Roy guided a catch to first slip, but Steven Smith could not hold on to it! This was such a simple catch. Back of a length on off, holding it's line, and Roy fishes outside off. Edges it to Smith, but it pops out after hitting his palm;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball, on middle, and nearly squaring the batsman up. Fended away to the off side;
0.3;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run extra bounce and swing! Length ball on middle, and swinging into Roy's body with the additional bounce. Hits his helmet, and then his chest region;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball on off, and seaming in slightly. Once again, punched off the back foot to the cover region;
0.1;?;Behrendorff to Roy, no run length ball, on off, and angling away. Firmly punched off the back foot to cover;

2.41pm Moments away from England's innings getting underway. The Aussies are in a huddle. Conditions, slightly overcast. JR and YJB in the middle. Behrendorff to kickstart proceedings.
2.30pm Early news is that Dawson's split finger means Archer and Rashid will bat tonight, if needed. How crazy is that, considering both men were supposed to be 'resting' today, according to Buttler at the toss.
Rishav: "Have a feeling England will choke today. The other favourites, India, also were outplayed while batting by New Zealand. "
Rafay: "Will be interesting to see how the powerpack of English batting lineup handles the pace battery of Australia.Would like to see Starc's action after a long time." -- Starc is resting today, so is Cummins.
Ian Bishop, meanwhile, is enjoying a masterclass.

I'm sitting here in the box eavesdropping on this exchange and conversation on batting between former Kiwi batsman and former Indian coach John Wright and Kumar Sangakkara; fascinating stuff. pic.twitter.com/YPStn2Fd10 ? ian bishop (@irbishi) May 25, 2019


 Innings Start
Southampton, May 25 2019, Australia tour of England [June 2019]
297/9
285
Player of the match is 
