Data
7.55pm So Duminy has helped South Africa to 5 for 157. A bit disappointing, you have to say. South Africa's bowlers will have to be sharp. Australia need to score at 7.90 runs an over to take the series 2-0. Stay with us, because we will be back very soon.
Twitter users can follow our news here.
19.6;2;Bracken to Duminy, 2 runs full toss outside off stump, heaved over mid-on for a couple more;
19.5;4;Bracken to Duminy, FOUR runs on the stumps, slower ball, and superbly lapped with fine leg up;
19.4;6;Bracken to Duminy, SIX runs there's a healthy shot! Bracken veers a bit too wide outside off stump and Duminy lofts him back over long-off's head for six, lovely strike and thats what South Africa need;
19.3;1;Bracken to McKenzie, 1 run swings across a full ball and clips the ball to midwicket for one;
19.2;1;Bracken to Duminy, 1 run 130ks, full and swinging down leg stump, Duminy moves back and swings the bat but only gets a thin inside edge onto his pads, then gets a single to the off;
19.1;1;Bracken to McKenzie, 1 run slower ball, just 102ks, very full and squirted to cover for one;
18.6;?;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, no run clever full and slower ball which Duminy cannot get bat on;
18.5;1;Hilfenhaus to McKenzie, 1 run gets up on the toes to uppercut a short ball but chops the ball to point;
18.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 1 run overpitched outside off stump and he carves the ball wide of cover;
18.4;1w;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 1 wide too far from off stump and another single to the total;
18.3;1lb;Hilfenhaus to McKenzie, 1 leg bye opts for another paddle shot but misses, the attempted yorker hits him on the full as he sweeps across the stumps, hit outside the line and Duminy calls him on;
18.2;2;Hilfenhaus to McKenzie, 2 runs pulls a short ball from outside off stump, picks it over midwicket, White dives well on the ropes and saves two runs, well stopped there;
18.1;?;Hilfenhaus to McKenzie, no run full and wide, he goes for some sort of paddle and can't connect;
15.6;1;Hopes to Morkel, 1 run low full toss on leg stump, driven wide of mid-on this time;
15.5;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run fetches it from well outside off stump, doesn't connect well at all but the ball drops safely in front of David Hussey down at long-on;
15.4;4;Hopes to Duminy, FOUR runs swings across the line and inside edges smack past square leg;
15.3;1;Hopes to Morkel, 1 run low full toss outside off stump, pushed into the covers for one;
15.2;4;Hopes to Morkel, FOUR runs fetch that! Morkel clubs the ball dead straight back past Hopes, who sways out of the way to save his block being knocked off, and neither long-off nor long-on get there;
15.1;?;Hopes to Morkel, no run chases a very full and wide ball and falls down, wide not signalled?;
14.6;4;Tait to Duminy, FOUR runs top shot! Duminy is striking them well, this time he backs away and connects superbly, driving hard and past extra cover before the fielder can respond;
14.5;?;Tait to Duminy, no run backs away and drills a full ball straight to deep mid-off, doesn't run;
14.4;4;Tait to Duminy, FOUR runs nice meaty blow from Duminy, backing away to the sixth stump and clubbing the ball across the line, just picking it over the man at mid-on for a needed boundary;
14.3;1;Tait to Morkel, 1 run short of a length on leg stump, Morkel hops back and pushes the ball to the off side, just a tip and run, and Duminy responds brilliantly too;
14.2;?;Tait to Morkel, no run 149.5sks, banged in short down leg stump, Morkel ducks low;
14.1;1;Tait to Duminy, 1 run comes forward and pushes the ball towards the off side;
17.6;4;Bracken to Duminy, FOUR runs very full and wide, he reaches out and edges wide of Ronchi for four;
17.5;1;Bracken to McKenzie, 1 run yorker just outside off stump, dug out into the covers for one more;
17.4;1;Bracken to Duminy, 1 run Tait drops him at gully! Duminy backs away and carves the ball, the fielder dives forward to his left but spills the chance;
17.3;1;Bracken to McKenzie, 1 run pitches full just around off stump and McKenzie dabs it into the covers;
17.2;1;Bracken to Duminy, 1 run slower ball pitches full outside off stump, Duminy comes across and clips the ball wide of midwicket to raise a very well played half-century;
17.1;W;Bracken to Morkel, OUT swung down to long -on! Bracken strikes first ball, pitching it just outside off stump, Morkel connects well with the big swipe but David Hussey runs across and from long-off and takes the ball to his right, very well held, even as the other fielder converged from the other side;Albie Morkel c Hussey b Bracken 19 (15m 13b 1x4 1x6) SR: 146.15;
16.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Morkel, 1 run clever slower ball to end the over, Morkel exposes the stumps and swings it away, instead getting an inside edge onto the boots and Duminy calls him for the single;
16.5;6;Hilfenhaus to Morkel, SIX runs sweet shot, Morkel! On the pads and swung over long-on for a flat six;
16.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 1 run again he reaches out and thrashes the ball into the off side;
16.3;2;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 2 runs reaches out and drives the ball into the covers;
16.2;1;Hilfenhaus to Morkel, 1 run swings down the pads, inside-edged to short fine leg;
16.2;1w;Hilfenhaus to Morkel, 1 wide slow bouncer, 113ks, and Paul Reifel calls it a wide;
16.1;2;Hilfenhaus to Morkel, 2 runs another very full ball outside off stump, which Morkel scoops towards Ponting in the covers, who attacks the ball but ends up fumbling the take, so they get two;
13.6;2;Hopes to Morkel, 2 runs drills a length ball straight back past mid-off, Warner runs across and dives superbly, flicking the ball to the other fielder, man he's some rock star in these parts, just listen to the cheer;
13.5;?;Hopes to Morkel, no run stands his ground and steers the ball to Tait at deep point;
13.4;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run full on the stumps and played to deep mid-off for a single;
13.3;W;Hopes to Boucher, OUT swipes across the line and sends a top edge to Tait at backward point;Mark Boucher c Tait b Hopes 19 (19m 19b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
13.2;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run more orthodox approach now, steering a single down to deep point;
13.1;6;Hopes to Duminy, SIX runs shot, Duminy! Hopes strays on the stumps and Duminy just helps it on its way over deep square leg for six with the most amazing pick up paddle shot, all wrists;
12.6;4;Tait to Boucher, FOUR runs slower delivery, 120ks, which Boucher clubs back over Tait's over;
12.5;1;Tait to Duminy, 1 run another dabbed single wide of backward point for a single;
12.4;1;Tait to Boucher, 1 run full on the stumps and he miscues the drive down to mid-on, scampering;
12.3;1;Tait to Duminy, 1 run angling away and Duminy opens the face to steer a single to third man;
12.3;1w;Tait to Duminy, 1 wide poor stuff, full and down the pads again, this time its called wide;
12.2;4;Tait to Duminy, FOUR runs welcome boundary! Tait bowls full down leg stump and Duminy uses the pace to flick down to fine leg, the first four for 27 deliveries, mind you;
12.1;1;Tait to Boucher, 1 run ah, fielded! Boucher cuts again to backward point, David Hussey flings himself to his left and stops the ball, then fires a throw that again misses the stumps;
11.6;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run tossed up a bit wider and Boucher come out to drives past cover;
11.5;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run tossed up and Duminy drives to mid-off, who is a bit deep;
11.4;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run pulls across the line, not timed well, and another single past midwicket;
11.3;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run a touch shorter and Duminy pulls out to deep midwicket for one more;
11.2;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run flicks across the line, and a good stop keeps them to a single;
11.1;?;Hussey to Boucher, no run tossed up gently on off stump and Boucher pushes it back to Hussey;
10.6;1;Hopes to Boucher, 1 run fails to cash in on a full toss, instead chipping in the air past midwicket;
10.5;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run another nervous single dabbed through the off side, Tait runs in and fields;
10.4;1;Hopes to Boucher, 1 run uses his feet to collect on the full, driving down to Bracken at long-off;
10.3;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run pitches a bit wider and he steers it down to third man for one;
10.2;1;Hopes to Boucher, 1 run how did that miss! David Hussey intercepts a firm cut shot from Boucher to his right at point, takes no time to release the ball but he misses the nonstrikers stumps with Boucher not even in the frame;
10.1;1;Hopes to Duminy, 1 run pitched up outside off stump, Duminy drives down to long-off;
9.6;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run tossed up and he comes out to push the ball into the covers;
9.5;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run fired in flat, he comes across and turns the ball to midwikcet;
9.4;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run comes forward and uses the wrists, clipping wide of midwicket;
9.3;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run short ball and he flashes an thick edge safely wide of short third man;
9.2;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run comes forward and pushes the ball towards extra cover;
9.1;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run gets some room, waits, and forces the ball behind backward point;
8.6;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run tossed up on a length, Boucher comes forward and steers it to point;
8.5;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run pitches on a length and Duminy drives on the rise into the covers for one;
8.4;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run shuffles across the stumps and flicks the ball wide of square leg;
8.3;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run cute shot, opens the face and dabs it fine to raise South Africa's 50;
8.2;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run uses his feet and drives the ball towards midwicket for one;
8.1;1lb;Hussey to Duminy, 1 leg bye slides down the stumps and he plays it away toward square leg;
7.6;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run comes forward and drives the ball to mid-on for one;
7.5;4;Hussey to Duminy, FOUR runs safest place to score your runs! Hussey jumps up in agony as the ball sits up and draws and edge that Ronchi can't hold onto and the ball flies down to the ropes, it didn't even hit the gloves, so can't say its a drop;
7.4;1;Hussey to Boucher, 1 run now he gets a single, working it from off stump toward midwicket;
7.3;?;Hussey to Boucher, no run fired in flat on the stumps and Boucher digs it back out to Hussey;
7.2;W;Hussey to Vaughn, OUT and it works! Hussey floats that up full on the stumps, van Jaarsveld doesn't get far enough across as he goes for the sweep, and cops it flush on the pad in front of middle and leg;Vaughn van Jaarsveld lbw b Hussey 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.1;1;Hussey to Duminy, 1 run flighted up outside leg stump, Duminy flicks into the midwicket region;
6.6;W;Hilfenhaus to Amla, OUT pulled straight to White at short midwicket! The short ball works for Hilfenhaus, Amla tries to collect from outside off stump but plays it high off the bat to the fielder;Hashim Amla c White b Hilfenhaus 26 (28m 26b 1x4 1x6) SR: 100;
6.5;1;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 1 run pitches full on around off stump and he works it uppishly to midwicket;
6.4;1;Hilfenhaus to Amla, 1 run overpitched outside off stump and Amla drives into the covers for one;
6.3;1;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, 1 run defends the ball with soft hands, it trickles towards the off side, Duminy is hesitant but Amla is adamant they can get a single off that and he succeeds too, well run;
6.2;?;Hilfenhaus to Duminy, no run 142.3ks, bouncer over the stumps, and Duminy ducks low;
6.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Amla, 1 run lovely flick, all wrists, clipping from middle stump out to deep square leg;
5.6;?;Hopes to Duminy, no run comes forward and streakily steers the ball towards backward point;
5.5;1;Hopes to Amla, 1 run hops up and dabs a short of a length ball wide of backward point;
5.4;W;Hopes to Gibbs, OUT and Hopes gets Gibbs! He kneels across and goes for that booming swipe only to send the ball down to Michael Hussey, running in from deep midwicket, who takes it on his knees;Herschelle Gibbs c Hussey b Hopes 6 (22m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
5.3;?;Hopes to Gibbs, no run comes forward and drives but straight to the man;
5.2;1;Hopes to Amla, 1 run now a leading edge! The ball pitches straight on a good length and Amla shuffles back to flick the ball toward midwicket, except he ends up playing it just safe between three fielders on the off side;
5.1;?;Hopes to Amla, no run overpitched and Amla flashes the drive to cover, where Warner stops well;
4.6;1;Hilfenhaus to Amla, 1 run holds back the length to press Amla on the back foot, he makes room and steers the ball down towards the left of backward point and gets a single to keep strike;
4.5;?;Hilfenhaus to Amla, no run bouncer, 142.6ks, and Amla ducks under it with ease;
4.4;?;Hilfenhaus to Amla, no run quicker ball, short of a length, sits up and beats the back-foot shot;
4.3;4;Hilfenhaus to Amla, FOUR runs great shot, on the pads and delectably flicked away through square leg;
4.2;3;Hilfenhaus to Gibbs, 3 runs makes room, dances down, and carves it on the up just over cover, David Hussey gives chase and cuts it down to three near the ropes;
4.1;1;Hilfenhaus to Amla, 1 run pitches it outside off stump and thats slashed down to third man;
3.6;1;Bracken to Amla, 1 run tickles a shorter ball down towards fine leg for one;
3.5;?;Bracken to Amla, no run lovely angle beats him as he opens the face to steer it, doesn't carry to Ronchi;
3.4;1lb;Bracken to Gibbs, 1 leg bye gets across to swing a straight delivery over square leg, makes a bit of contact on the inside edge and Hopes does very well with a dive at short fine leg to save four;
3.3;1;Bracken to Amla, 1 run good ball, hitting a good length and nipping back in off the seam, Amla pushes the ball to extra cover and sets off, the direct throw comes in but Ama is safe;
3.2;1;Bracken to Gibbs, 1 run slower ball, Gibbs inches forward and then adjusts to dab towards gully;
3.1;?;Bracken to Gibbs, no run pitches down leg with some good late swing, Gibbs clips to midwicket;
2.6;4lb;Tait to Amla, 4 leg byes 149.5ks says the speedometer, but methinks its a bit quicker than that! A nasty short ball dug in to get Amla hopping to take evasive action, he does very well to get his head out the way of that ripper and the ball beats Ronchi as well;
2.5;1;Tait to Gibbs, 1 run no footwork as he drives loosely, gets an inside edge on the pad, the ball trickles into the off side and Amla is quick to urge him on for the single, well run there;
2.4;?;Tait to Gibbs, no run 151ks, pitches on leg stump and slides down, Gibbs hops and tries to nudge it off the pads but cannot make good contact;
2.3;3;Tait to Amla, 3 runs good shot, Amla gets on top of a short ball and punches through the covers;
2.2;6;Tait to Amla, SIX runs there's half a dozen, and the first six of the innings! Short and wide, very quick and steeping, and all Amla has to do is throw the bat and gets six over third man;
2.1;?;Tait to Amla, no run gets a wee bit of room and punches it off the back foot, the ball goes to the left of David Hussey again, who dives and stops the ball, the batsmen are confused and don't run;
1.6;1;Bracken to Amla, 1 run pitches on a length and draws a thick edge to a diving Hussey at backward point;
1.5;?;Bracken to Amla, no run pitches on middle and off, straightens, and Amla clips to midwicket;
1.4;1;Bracken to Gibbs, 1 run turns a straighter delivery to midwicket and pinches a single;
1.3;?;Bracken to Gibbs, no run dragged in fractionally short and Gibbs tries to pull from outside off stump, but only succeeds in dragging it down in front of midwicket, hit off the toe end of the bat;
1.2;?;Bracken to Gibbs, no run pitches fuller and he drives it on the rise to the man at cover;
1.1;?;Bracken to Gibbs, no run thats a great length, pitching just outside off stump and then straightening, and Gibbs leaves it be like this is day one of a Test match at the Wanderers;
1.1;1w;Bracken to Gibbs, 1 wide starts off with a wide, full and swinging down leg stump;
0.6;?;Tait to Amla, no run slides down leg stump and brushes the pads en route to Ronchi;
0.5;2;Tait to Amla, 2 runs full and wide and he drives hard on the up to cover, where Warner dives forward to try and take the catch but the ball just falls short, he did well to take pace off the shot, but thats two more to Amla anyway;
0.4;?;Tait to Amla, no run 150ks, short and rising and Amla hops up to try and plays the ball down, he does so with an angled bat and the ball rolls to the off side, thats three dots in a row;
0.3;?;Tait to Amla, no run much straighter delivery, 149ks, and Amla pats it back;
0.2;?;Tait to Amla, no run beaten! Fast and full and the movement beats Amla as he pushes on the forward shuffle, feet not to the pitch, a loose shot indeed;
0.1;2;Tait to Amla, 2 runs and he's away first ball, shuffling across the stumps and turning a short ball nicely into the gap near the square leg umpire, running hard for a couple;

Hello and a very warm welcome to Cricinfo's live ball-by-ball commentary of the second and final Twenty20 international fixture between Australia and South Africa. The venue for today's game is Brisbane, and the ground is sold out. That means about 40,000 people. Excellent!
South Africa have made three changes to their squad after Sunday night's 52-run belting by Australia. The Under-19 star Wayne Parnell, Hashim Amla and Morne Morkel come into the side at the expense of Jacques Kallis, Makhaya Ntini and Lonwabo Tsotsobe.
The Gabba pitch is in excellent shape, offering true bounce and excellent carry.
The other big news is that Matthew Hayden has called it quits after a 17-year first-class career and 103 Test matches. Hayden, 37, had been dropped last week from Australia's Twenty20 and limited-overs squads, but selectors said they would consider the country's most successful opening batsman for the trips to South Africa and England.
South Africa have won the toss and will bat. AB de Villiers, who copped a nasty blow to the midriff from Shaun Tait on Sunday, has been replaced by Neil McKenzie, the Twenty20 specialist. Amla and Parnell also enter. This is Parnell's debut. Kallis misses out. Australia have made no changes.
Here are the XIs:
South Africa 1 Herschelle Gibbs, 2 Neil McKenzie, 3 Hashim Amla, 4 JP Duminy, 5 Vaughn van Jaarsveld, 6 Mark Boucher (wk), 7 Albie Morkel, 8 Johan Botha (capt), 9 Dale Steyn, 10 Morne Morkel, 11 Wayne Parnell.
Australia1 Shaun Marsh, 2 David Warner, 3 Ricky Ponting (capt), 4 Michael Hussey, 5 David Hussey, 6 James Hopes, 7 Luke Ronchi (wk), 8 Cameron White, 9 Nathan Bracken, 10 Ben Hilfenhaus, 11 Shaun Tait.
It will be Jamie Alter and Binoy George taking you through the evening's action.
There are a few minutes to kill before the start. We've got some wallpapers of Australian and South African players for you to download.
Out come the Australians, to massive cheer. Unbelievable noise. Gibbs and Amla follow. The boundaries have been brought in by a distance, so expect fireworks. Tait has the new ball. Two slips in place. This is Amla's first Twenty20 international. He's on strike.
 Innings Start
White sees the ball go over the ropes and breaks into a jig. He and Hussey embrace. Superb half-century from Hussey, back in some form. Australia have won by six wickets with seven deliveries remaining. They bowled well to keep South Africa to under 160, and chased it down comfortably in the end. The openers didn't click, and the run rate had reached a tizzy at one stage. Then Hussey and Ponting formed a partnership, only for two wickets to fall in relative succession. But Hussey kept his cool and found a confident ally in White, and the duo finished the match. A lot of stunning hits in their 69-run stand in just 5.5 overs, but each enjoyed reprieves from the South African fielders. Australia win the Twenty20 series 2-0.
The Man of the Match is Michael Hussey for his unbeaten half-century.
First up is Botha: "You need to take your chances if you want to be a really good side. We had to try different things but it didn't work out. We can compete with Australia, and hopefully we can nip a few in the one-day series."
Now Ponting steps forward: "We've had great crowds. The players are enjoying it too. We felt that total was chaseable. It was slow at the top but Hussey and White chased brilliantly. Our all-round skills have been pretty good."
The Australian team huddles together with the trophy while the shutterbugs go into overdrive.
Hope you have enjoyed the coverage. You can catch highlights of this match on Cricinfo TV. The highlights will be available a few hours after the match is over. There are some other videos too. Do come back, and then just click here.The one-day series kicks off at the MCG on January 16. Do come back and see us.
We've been Jamie Alter and Binoy George, glad to have your company. Bye for now.
18.5;6;Morkel to White, SIX runs all over, with a six! Take a bow, Cameron White! Morne sends up a high full toss and White doesn't disappoint, clubbing it over the field and it lands just over the ropes at wide long-off;
18.4;4;Morkel to White, FOUR runs slower ball, White clears the length and slaps the length delivery, very flat and hard, just wide of a diving mid-off and Duminy cannot cut if off in the deep;
18.3;2;Morkel to White, 2 runs short and wide, cut out to the deep, where a fumble allows the second;
18.2;?;Morkel to White, no run attempted yorker on the stumps, White walks away and drives it back hard, and Morne fields it well on the follow through;
18.1;?;Morkel to White, no run backs away, Morne slips in a short one, 120ks, and White pulls out;
17.6;2;Steyn to Hussey, 2 runs full and wide from Steyn, Hussey reaches out and dabs two past cover;
17.5;2;Steyn to Hussey, 2 runs dropped by Parnell at wide long-off! Hussey comes out and looks to go over the top, but he's not to the pitch and bobs the ball over mid-off, its up in the air for a long time, Parnell watches the ball as he sprints across and dives excellently forward, but cannot hold on, so Hussey gets a superb half-century;
17.4;1;Steyn to White, 1 run full on the pads, flicked casually out to deep square leg;
17.3;1;Steyn to Hussey, 1 run pitched full and wide again, this time Hussey steers a single to cover;
17.2;?;Steyn to Hussey, no run now he serves up full and wide, no shot offered and he looks to the umpire;
17.1;2;Steyn to Hussey, 2 runs attempted yorker on leg stump, well clipped through mid-on for a couple;
16.6;2;Parnell to White, 2 runs slower ball, Parnell holds back the length, White swings out to the deep;
16.5;4;Parnell to White, FOUR runs sorry, four in row! Parnell serves up a full toss and White bunts over mid-on;
16.4;4;Parnell to White, FOUR runs another firm strike to a full one, absolutely smashed over cover;
16.3;4;Parnell to White, FOUR runs what a shot! Stand and deliver, drilling the ball so hard back past the stumps;
16.2;4;Parnell to White, FOUR runs ah, Duminy misjudges this one, should have been taken! White clears the front leg and slams the ball over the in field, not timed well, Duminy charges in from long-off but realizes he has over-run it then, leaps back but cannot hold on;
16.1;1;Parnell to Hussey, 1 run swinging low full toss, which Hussey swings out to Gibbs at cow corner;
15.6;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run reverse-paddles a low full toss off the stumps, gully dives and saves runs;
15.5;1;Botha to White, 1 run fired in full again and White makes room to flick away a single;
15.4;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run low-dipping full toss outside leg stump, Hussey flicks and gets a thick inside edge to the off side, White calls him through for the single;
15.3;2;Botha to Hussey, 2 runs flights a yorker on leg stump, Hussey flicks it out to the deep, a flat throw comes back on the line to Boucher, who collects it superbly from Steyn and breaks the sticks a fraction after the batsman lunges back over the line, what a take though;
15.2;?;Botha to Hussey, no run superb stuff from Botha, who first fires it in full on the stumps and then intercepts the drive, throwing it back on the bounce to Boucher;
15.1;1;Botha to White, 1 run backs away well outside leg stump to whip a full toss to midwicket;
14.6;3;Morkel to White, 3 runs pitches on the stumps, starts to swing down, White clears the leg and scoops a thick outside edge over backward point and two fielders run after the ball;
14.5;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run full toss, bunted down the ground, with one hand off the handle;
14.4;4;Morkel to Hussey, FOUR runs slower ball, Hussey picks it and uses the length to swat past square leg;
14.3;1lb;Morkel to White, 1 leg bye fired in on leg stump, White mistimes the flick, Albie steams in, there is some hesitation, but Hussey wants the single, bowler collects and misses the stumps;
14.2;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run expectedly, the ball is shorter and Hussey pulls out to van Jaarsveld;
14.1;6;Morkel to Hussey, SIX runs hello, thats gone! Another brilliant strike from Hussey, clearing the front leg and teeing off for a dinger rows back over long-on, yowza;
13.6;1;Duminy to Hussey, 1 run drifts down the pads, deflected down to square leg, who fumbles;
13.5;2;Duminy to Hussey, 2 runs makes room and comes out to chip the ball over cover for two;
13.4;1;Duminy to White, 1 run well bowled, Duminy keeps it full and White drives down to mid-on;
13.3;2;Duminy to White, 2 runs tossed up wide and White hammers it through extra cover;
13.2;1;Duminy to Hussey, 1 run throws the bat at a wide one and flashes an edge to gully;
13.1;1;Duminy to White, 1 run flat outside off stump, he goes back to work it wide of midwicket;
12.6;W;Morkel to Hussey, OUT oh well held, Duminy! Thats one for the ages! You aren't going to see much better in the outfield than that gem of a catch! Hussey takes a hand off the bat as he chips the ball over mid-off, the ball beats Duminy by some distance but he doesn't for a second take his eyes off it, running ages down toward long-off, covering great distance, then times his dive perfectly to take it;David Hussey c Duminy b M Morkel 2 (2m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
12.5;2;Morkel to Hussey, 2 runs full outside off stump and he gets off the mark with a drive past cover;
12.4;W;Morkel to Hussey, OUT freat reflexes from the bowler! Hussey inside-edges the ball toward the on side, Morne sprints forward and collects, then flicks a direct hit onto the base of the stumps to get Ponting short by some distance;Ricky Ponting run out (M Morkel) 38 (39m 31b 3x4 1x6) SR: 122.58;
12.3;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run drops in a slow bouncer, Ponting takes his eyes off it as he pulls, and survives with a single toward square leg, betting Hussey back on strike;
12.2;4;Morkel to Ponting, FOUR runs comes out and rides the bounce of another short ball, playing a most excellent front-foot cut between cover and point, and Gibbs cannot stop that one;
12.1;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run starts off with a short ball which Hussey pulls wide of midwicket;
11.6;2;Morkel to Ponting, 2 runs on middle and leg and he works it away for another easy couple;
11.5;4;Morkel to Ponting, FOUR runs full toss surprises Ponting, who loses a hand off the bat but chops it right into the gap a gully and beats third man, Boucher whips the bail as he pulls out;
11.4;2;Morkel to Ponting, 2 runs pulls a length ball off one knee, swatting it out to deep midwicket;
11.3;2;Morkel to Ponting, 2 runs full and drifting down leg stump, easily flicked out to deep midwicket;
11.2;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run good shot for one, Hussey dances down and short-arm-jabs the ball flat over midwicket, one bounce and to the sweeper placed out there for this shot;
11.1;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run slower ball commits Ponting on the front foot, he then opens the face and dabs the ball past Boucher to a tumbling short third man, smartly getting Hussey on strike;
10.6;1;Parnell to Ponting, 1 run pitches on a length outside off and he drives it to extra cover;
10.5;1;Parnell to Hussey, 1 run pitches on a length and he reaches out to force it into the covers;
10.4;2;Parnell to Hussey, 2 runs comes out and middles the ball, placing it between cover and point;
10.3;4;Parnell to Hussey, FOUR runs make it three in row, Parnell drifts straight and gets bunted over mid-on;
10.2;4;Parnell to Hussey, FOUR runs another quality hit from Hussey, just a short-arm bunt over midwicket;
10.1;4;Parnell to Hussey, FOUR runs not a half-volley at all but Hussey plays a super cover drive on the up;
9.6;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run fired in outside off stump, steered out to van Jaarsveld at deep cover;
9.5;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run comes out and takes it on the full, flicking to the man at midwicket;
9.4;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run tossed up on leg stump, pushed toward midwicket;
9.3;4;Botha to Hussey, FOUR runs awesome shot, Hussey uses his feet and collects on the full, driving through the covers, the sweeper dives with the ball and both go tumbling over the ropes;
9.2;?;Botha to Hussey, no run missed stumping! The bounce undoes Hussey and Boucher, Botha lured the batsman out of his crease, turned the ball across him, but it spit up and surprised the wicketkeeper, tough chance but it should have been stumped;
9.1;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run tossed up, Ponting comes out and flicks to midwicket;
8.6;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run slower ball, pitches on leg stump and Hussey plays it back;
8.5;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run comes out and slogs a premeditated shot down to long-on for one;
8.4;2;Morkel to Ponting, 2 runs shot, and what fielding! Ponting drills a full ball ramrod straight back past the stumps, Duminy dives across from long-on, stops it superbly, and flicks a throw to Morne at long-off, who collects very well ... talk about a tag team;
8.3;6;Morkel to Ponting, SIX runs lovely shot! Ponting! Down he comes, just flicking the slower ball over midwicket for six, thats well held too by a fan in a South African tee shirt;
8.2;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run searches for the yorker, bowls it too full, Ponting drives to midwicket;
8.1;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run pitches on the stumps, Ponting shuffles and clips it to midwicket;
7.6;?;Botha to Hussey, no run well bowled, full and flat, driven to the off, where Gibbs cuts it off;
7.5;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run drifts down from a shorter length, Ponting plays a little paddle shot;
7.4;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run slowly tossed up, Hussey shuffles and dabs the ball to midwicket;
7.3;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run flicks this one finer and gets a single this time;
7.2;?;Botha to Ponting, no run tossed up, Ponting flicks well, but a super dive from Gibbs at midwicket;
7.1;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run tossed up on the stumps, Hussey drives into the covers;
6.6;4;Morkel to Ponting, FOUR runs sumptuously flicked down to fine leg, where Amla dives in vain;
6.5;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run this one pitches just short of a length and Ponting pulls across the line, more off the front foot initially, there's a noise as the ball brushes his arm through to Boucher;
6.4;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run overpitched and Ponting drives handsomely to the man at mid-off;
6.3;2;Morkel to Ponting, 2 runs throws the kitchen sink at one pitched up outside off stump, carving a thick outside edge over gully that drops safely wide of the the fielder at third man;
6.2;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run bowls it full to bring Ponting forward and he steers it to backward point;
6.1;W;Morkel to Marsh, OUT soft dismissal this time, Marsh doesn't move his feet much as he attempts to clear the infield, and just scoops the ball up in the air to Botha at mid-on;Shaun Marsh c Botha b Morkel 15 (27m 17b 1x4 1x6) SR: 88.23;
5.6;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run pitches back of a length, Marsh pulls a cramped shot to midwicket;
5.5;1;Parnell to Ponting, 1 run pitches full and Ponting pushes the drive down to mid-off;
5.4;?;Parnell to Ponting, no run comes forward, then goes back, and forces the ball to point;
5.3;?;Parnell to Ponting, no run beaten on the drive, full outside off stump and he swings at it;
5.2;?;Parnell to Ponting, no run pushes Ponting onto the back foot, dabbed toward point;
5.1;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run pulls a length ball down toward mid-on and runs hard for the single;
4.6;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run thats the length, pitches on the stumps and Ponting defends it back;
4.6;1w;Steyn to Ponting, 1 wide again Steyn drifts down the pads and bowls another wide;
4.5;1lb;Steyn to Marsh, 1 leg bye pitches full just outside leg stump, swinging through the air, Marsh misses the flick and scampers a leg bye as the ball rolls wide of Boucher;
4.4;1;Steyn to Ponting, 1 run full down leg stump and flicked away to midwicket for one;
4.4;1w;Steyn to Ponting, 1 wide slower ball, 116ks, but sliding down the pads for another wide;
4.4;1w;Steyn to Ponting, 1 wide that will be wide, too full and swinging and Ponting chases it again;
4.3;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run 139.6ks, pitched up wide, Ponting goes for a pull and misses;
4.2;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run back of a length and Ponting pushes the ball to the man at point;
4.1;W;Steyn to Warner, OUT the sound of timber! You miss, I hit! Steyn pitches full and straight, Warner swings and misses, and the ball takes out middle stump;David Warner b Steyn 7 (16m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
3.6;4;Morkel to Marsh, FOUR runs top shot, just flicked away through midwicket, very easy on the eye;
3.5;1;Morkel to Warner, 1 run high full toss outside off stump, Warner slaps it down the ground, Botha dives and cuts it off from mid-off, very well stopped, that was headed to the ropes;
3.4;1;Morkel to Marsh, 1 run lands on a good length, dabbed with soft hands to cover and he sprints;
3.3;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run swing and a miss, Morne pitches it up and Marsh gives it a go;
3.2;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run very tidy stuff, straight on middle and leg, pushed to the man at point;
3.1;?;Morkel to Marsh, no run pitches on a length and Marsh drives it straight to mid-on;
2.6;?;Parnell to Warner, no run full and wide outside off stump and Warner steers it to backward point;
2.5;2;Parnell to Warner, 2 runs full on off stump, Warner heaves it through midwicket for two;
2.4;?;Parnell to Warner, no run full on the stumps, Warner makes room and smacks that very hard back to Parnell, who deflects it of the boots to cover, that must have stung the bowler;
2.3;1;Parnell to Marsh, 1 run overpitched and driven to Morne at mid-off, who slides to save runs;
2.2;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run another swing from Warner, but again not off the middle at all;
2.1;2;Parnell to Warner, 2 runs starts off a bit short and Warner clubs it wide of mid-on, not timed too well;
1.6;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run pushes a length ball straight to backward point to end the over;
1.5;6;Steyn to Marsh, SIX runs bang, thats a beauty! Marsh swings the shorter ball of one leg and strikes it off the middle of the bat for a flat six over deep square leg;
1.4;1;Steyn to Warner, 1 run pitches on leg stump, Warner shuffles and knocks the ball to midwicket;
1.3;?;Steyn to Warner, no run ouch! Steyn keeps it full on leg stump, Warner looks to swing it away but cops it flush in the midriff, takes a few puffs to collect himself, another bot ball though;
1.2;1lb;Steyn to Marsh, 1 leg bye slides down the pads, deflected off the thigh, Boucher dives and fumbles;
1.1;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run fullish outside off stump, inviting the drive, but no shot offered;
0.6;?;Botha to Warner, no run and again! Fired in flat and Warner, on the move, drives it back to Botha;
0.5;?;Botha to Warner, no run comes out and Botha fires it in flat, getting Warner defending;
0.4;?;Botha to Warner, no run flighted outside leg stump, tucks him up, Warner plays to the on side;
0.3;1;Botha to Marsh, 1 run gets off the mark now, driving the ball toward mid-off;
0.2;?;Botha to Marsh, no run flights up a full toss outside leg stump, again he mistimes the shot;
0.1;?;Botha to Marsh, no run tossed up on the stumps and he mistimes the shot back down the track;

8.10pm Welcome back. Matthew Hayden did a lap of honour in an open-top blue sports car during the break and received a rousing cheer from the Gabba. His wife and kids were in tow. He spoke to Mark Nicholas and got a bit emotional. His wife Kellie also shared a few words. You can read tributes to Hayden here.
Back to the live cricket, even as Hayden signs autographs for fans along the boundary. Warner and Marsh are in the middle. The South Africans are in the field. They are defending 157. Boucher stands up to the stumps. Botha opens the bowling with his off spin. Marsh on strike.
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Brisbane, Jan 13 2009, South Africa tour of Australia
157/5
161/4
Player of the match is Michael Hussey, AUS
Australia won by 6 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
