Data
8.56 pm Another miserly display by the West Indies bowling unit backed up by some tremendous fielding from start to finish. Australia once again finish with what looks like a well-under par total. With Agar missing this will be even more difficult to defend. Henriques now in the post-innings interview also concedes he thinks Australia are 20 short on this wicket. West Indies will be heavy favorites to chase this down. Stick with us through the break when Andrew McGlashan will take back over the central commentary position for the start of the West Indies reply.
Jay: "Henriques batted at a slow strike rate but he did what Australia needed him to do by coming in under pressure and building a partnership with Turner. Valuable innings that."
19.6;W;Bravo to Turner, OUT a Champion runout! Yorker on off stump dug out back to Bravo who knifes this out of the air one-handed. Christian was running on anything off the last ball but Turner just watches Bravo start dancing and taunting him to come run to the non-striker's end before Bravo finally ends the suspense by punching the stumps with the ball in his right hand to effect the wicket. Athletic work to intercept the ball in his follow-through before finishing the job at the non-striker's stumps.;Ashton Turner run out (Bravo) 24 (35m 22b 2x4 0x6) SR: 109.09;
19.5;1;Bravo to Christian, 1 run slower ball lands short and well outside leg, backs away and is followed as he pulls this behind square to Walsh Jr on the deep square leg rope who cuts it off for one.;
19.4;1;Bravo to Turner, 1 run another low full toss on the body, slapped along the ground to deep midwicket.;
19.3;W;Bravo to Henriques, OUT shin height full toss on off stump, Henriques tries to heave this over midwicket but it comes too low off the bat nearer the toe and is hitting into the wind as well, doesn't get the distance and Allen comes in off the deep midwicket rope 10 yards to take this catch lunging forward at ankle height. Not nearly as dramatic as the rebound effort off of Bravo's hands earlier in the same spot but still a sharp take nonetheless.;Moises Henriques c Allen b Bravo 33 (36m 29b 0x4 2x6) SR: 113.79;
19.2;1;Bravo to Turner, 1 run full toss at knee height outside leg follows Turner backing away and flicked to deep fine leg.;
19.1;1lb;Bravo to Henriques, 1 leg bye leg stump yorker that can't be flicked away, comes off the pads back to Bravo in midwicket for a leg bye.;
18.6;3;Cottrell to Henriques, 3 runs full on fifth stump, drives this to long-on, horrendous misfield by Russell charging past the ball trying to cut off the second and instead it results in a third.;
18.5;?;Cottrell to Henriques, no run wide yorker on fifth stump this time, plays over the top of it.;
18.5;1w;Cottrell to Henriques, 1 wide wide yorker, way too wide outside the guidelines and wide called.;
18.4;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run full on fourth stump, stays in his crease this time to drive flat to long-off.;
18.3;?;Cottrell to Turner, no run good length ball on fourth stump, Turner went way past his stumps trying to pull over fine leg but missed as the ball passes between his body and off stump.;
18.2;1;Cottrell to Henriques, 1 run good length and wide, slices a cut to short third man, diving stop on the ring saves a boundary.;
18.1;?;Cottrell to Henriques, no run another full and wide ball, can't get bat on this.;
18.1;1w;Cottrell to Henriques, 1 wide full and wide, too wide to play.;
17.6;2;Walsh to Turner, 2 runs full on the stumps again, heaved in the air into the gap at deep midwicket before Allen circles around to slap it back in for a pair to save a boundary.;
17.5;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run slaps a full ball in the air toward long-on but lands short of the fielder for one.;
17.4;?;Walsh to Henriques, no run missed stumping! And this was as easy as they come. Henriques charges and flails badly at a stock legbreak pitching on sixth stump, got nowhere near it. Pooran may have gotten too casual if anything with Henriques so far down the track and fumbled it badly.;
17.3;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run googly lands on a good length on off and spins in, Turner goes back to punch through cover.;
17.2;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run flights this full on middle, Henriques goes for a big heave and inside edges this behind square for one.;
17.1;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run flighted full on the legs, swept firmly behind square for one.;
16.6;6;Russell to Henriques, SIX runs short on fifth stump, Henriques hammers a flat pull over midwicket for six.;
16.5;2;Russell to Henriques, 2 runs missed runout! Good length ball on fourth stump punched tamely to extra cover. Throw to the non-striker's stumps would've had Henriques five yards short but it is wide and no backup fielder on the angle allows a second to be taken on the overthrow.;
16.4;2;Russell to Henriques, 2 runs full on fifth stump, sliced behind point and the throw comes to the wrong end to Pooran to allow the second.;
16.3;?;Russell to Henriques, no run wide yorker, tries to carve this over cover but misses. It was definitely outside the guidelines but the umpire gives Russell some leeway.;
16.2;1;Russell to Turner, 1 run full and wide again, this time pushed through the ring for one.;
16.1;4;Russell to Turner, FOUR runs goes for the wide yorker, Turner anticipated it coming and shuffled way way outside off to scoop this over fine leg to the rope.;
15.6;6;Bravo to Henriques, SIX runs slower ball again lands full on off, Henriques finally adjusts to one and creams it high and deep back over the non-striker's head beyond the long-off rope.;
15.5;1;Bravo to Turner, 1 run full outside off at 125 kph, driven firmly to Lewis on as a sub at long-off.;
15.4;1;Bravo to Henriques, 1 run slower ball lands on a good length on middle at 100 kph, pulled to deep midwicket.;
15.3;1;Bravo to Turner, 1 run slower ball lands on a good length well outside leg, would've been a wide if he left it but instead flicks behind square for one.;
15.2;1;Bravo to Henriques, 1 run yorker full pace on middle at 127 kph, driven to Russell at long-on.;
15.1;?;Bravo to Henriques, no run starts with a slower ball at 85 kph that lands full angled across fifth stump, guided with soft hands to backward point.;
14.6;2;Cottrell to Turner, 2 runs full and wide, slices this behind point and Walsh Jr hares right from deep third man to cut this off and relay for two.;
14.6;1w;Cottrell to Turner, 1 wide full and very wide outside off, too wide, and it means an extra delivery.;
14.5;2;Cottrell to Turner, 2 runs slower ball lands full and wide, Turner shuffles way across his stumps to flick behind square. Gayle runs faster than he has in a decade to track this down from short fine leg and the crowd responds in kind with very loud cheers for the Universe Boss.;
14.4;?;Cottrell to Turner, no run short and wide, cuts straight to backward point.;
14.3;1;Cottrell to Henriques, 1 run short and wide, slices a cut to deep third man.;
14.2;1;Cottrell to Turner, 1 run good length ball on fourth stump, goes back and punches wide of extra cover.;
14.1;?;Cottrell to Turner, no run good length ball angled across sixth stump, skids low, no shot and no wide called.;
13.6;1;Walsh to Turner, 1 run flighted very full on fifth stump, charges and drives this back toward Walsh Jr, who fumbles a diving effort to his left before the ball squirts through to long-off for one.;
13.5;?;Walsh to Turner, no run good length ball on fourth stump, cramped for room trying to cut and cuts to backward point.;
13.4;?;Walsh to Turner, no run short and wide, slapped to cover.;
13.3;4;Walsh to Turner, FOUR runs edge! Goes wide of Gayle at slip for four! Follows up the googly with a stock leggie on a good length on off stump, goes back and stabs the edge that pops just short and wide of Gayle before going to the rope at third man.;
13.2;?;Walsh to Turner, no run good length googly spins in from off stump, defended on the back foot.;
13.1;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run loopy full toss on sixth stump at shin height, Henriques charges and slaps this off the toe to the cover sweeper.;
12.6;1;Allen to Henriques, 1 run good length ball on the legs, flicked through the ring again.;
12.5;2;Allen to Henriques, 2 runs flighted more on the legs, flicked through square leg.;
12.4;?;Allen to Henriques, no run another quicker ball on off stump punched to point.;
12.3;?;Allen to Henriques, no run flatter ball skids on and defended.;
12.2;2;Allen to Henriques, 2 runs darted flat on off, goes back and across to flick through square leg, a rushed and wild relay results in a second as the throw goes way wide of Pooran.;
12.1;?;Allen to Henriques, no run good length ball on off, punched to cover.;
11.6;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run good length ball on off, guided in front of point for one.;
11.5;W;Walsh to Finch, OUT skier goes a mile high to deep midwicket and a ricochet off Bravo results in an acrobatic, and very alert, catch by Allen on the rebound! This was a classic leggie's wicket off the bat. Flighted loopy and full on sixth stump to tempt Finch into an almighty slog sweep, but the extra bounce results in a skier swirling over wide long-on. Bravo ranged 25 yards to his right and was in position for the take but may have slightly been distracted by Allen coming across in his eyeline from deep midwicket. Bravo bobbles the chest high chance five yards inside the rope and on the second attempt pokes the ball off his hand forward toward Allen, who never took his eye off the ball trailing Bravo and was very alert to dive forward and take the ball on the rebound.;Aaron Finch c Allen b Walsh 30 (52m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 96.77;
11.4;1;Walsh to Henriques, 1 run bowled flatter and fuller on middle, Henriques goes back to punch wide of cover.;
11.3;?;Walsh to Henriques, no run flighted full on middle, charge down the track but aborts into a defensive prod to cover.;
11.2;?;Walsh to Henriques, no run flighted full on the legs, tries to tickle this away but misses off the pads.;
11.1;W;Walsh to Carey, OUT what a series Walsh Jr is having! Flights this very very full on middle to tempt Carey into a booming lofted drive. Carey created room backing away from leg in order to try to clear extra cover, but instead smacks this flat to the man on the ring who clasps this above his head after a bunny hop to get airborne.;Alex Carey c Simmons b Walsh 13 (11m 9b 2x4 0x6) SR: 144.44;
10.6;?;Allen to Finch, no run short on fourth stump, Finch backs away to cut but can't pierce the gap.;
10.5;1;Allen to Carey, 1 run flights this full on the legs, flicked along the ground through the leg side.;
10.4;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run short and wide outside off, slapped to the cover sweeper.;
10.3;1;Allen to Carey, 1 run flighted full on fifth stump, Carey sweeps this flat to deep midwicket.;
10.2;?;Allen to Carey, no run good length ball follows Carey backing away from leg and he checks to a defensive prod.;
10.1;4;Allen to Carey, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, goes back to punch this firmly through the covers and Carey beats the sweeper to the rope.;
9.6;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run this is fire in quicker and fuller, tucked into midwicket;
9.5;1;Gayle to Finch, 1 run these deliveries are barely reaching the other end, goes for a sweep and it deflects past the keeper;
9.4;4;Gayle to Finch, FOUR runs very slow, full at the stumps, Finch thumps this dismissively straight down the ground. That will help him;
9.3;2;Gayle to Finch, 2 runs short outside leg stump, Finch goes down on his back knee and sweeps towards fine leg...Walsh Jr dives around the round to make a super save;
9.2;?;Gayle to Finch, no run stays round the wicket, fired in at the stumps, can't get it away;
9.1;1;Gayle to Carey, 1 run round the wicket, another attempt at a reverse sweep;
8.6;?;Allen to Finch, no run full at off stump, he's forward and defends;
8.5;1;Allen to Carey, 1 run steps outside leg stump to a slightly shorter delivery, square drives to deep point;
8.4;4;Allen to Carey, FOUR runs round the wicket, and that's a very good way to get going, unfurls a reverse sweep and places it superbly behind point;
8.3;W;Allen to Marsh, OUT big appeal and given! Marsh went a long way across his crease then brought out the sweep, a very full delivery, he certainly looked in front of all three;Mitchell Marsh lbw b Allen 9 (16m 12b 1x4 0x6) SR: 75;
8.2;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run steps back and square drives to deep cover;
8.1;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run wide outside off, throws his hands through a drive, it goes in the air for a while but well short of deep cover;
7.6;?;Walsh to Finch, no run fuller at off stump, takes a thick inside half of the bat into the leg side. Australia will probably wonder how that over only went for four runs;
7.5;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run very short, Marsh has to wait due to the lack of pace, pulled to deep midwicket;
7.4;?;Walsh to Marsh, no run beaten over the top edge...gets this outside off, Marsh misses his square drive;
7.3;1;Walsh to Finch, 1 run gets this fuller but again on the pads, nudged into the leg side;
7.2;1;Walsh to Marsh, 1 run short outside leg stump, pulled off the pads backward of square;
7.1;1;Walsh to Finch, 1 run starts with a very short one, as he is prone to do, pulled firmly through square leg but can't pick the gap;
6.6;4;Allen to Marsh, FOUR runs full outside off, there's some power in this drive, beats cover inside the ring and it's excellently placed by the in-form Marsh;
6.5;?;Allen to Marsh, no run quicker and flatter, almost squeezes through Marsh, takes an inside edge as he's forcing off the back foot;
6.4;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run steps back outside leg stump and plays a punchy drive through the off side;
6.3;1;Allen to Marsh, 1 run driven through the off side to the sweeper;
6.2;?;Allen to Marsh, no run straighter delivery, angled in at the stumps, pushed to the bowler;
6.1;1;Allen to Finch, 1 run round the wicket, short outside off, square drives to deep cover;
5.6;1;Bravo to Finch, 1 run stays round the wicket, full outside off, driven to the left of mid-off on the edge of the ring;
5.5;1;Bravo to Marsh, 1 run gets this pull away in front of square but it's kept to a single;
5.4;?;Bravo to Marsh, no run a short delivery, 131kph, this rushes Marsh a touch and get gets a bottom edge on the pull;
5.3;?;Bravo to Marsh, no run full at off stump, pushed to cover;
5.3;1w;Bravo to Marsh, 1 wide full outside leg stump, huge appeal for caught behind! Umpire is unmoved. Pooran has called for the review. No spike as the ball passes the bat..and then the late call of a wide;
5.2;1;Bravo to Finch, 1 run slower ball, low full toss, clipped off the pads and that could have been tight with a direct hit. Marsh out with a hit;
5.1;?;Bravo to Finch, no run round the wicket straightaway, full at the stumps, worked off the pads to midwicket;
4.6;W;McCoy to Wade, OUT done him! Terrific from McCoy. It's another slower one, a cutter at 119kph, full at off stump, Wade moving well outside leg stump and then misses his booming swing;Matthew Wade b McCoy 23 (24m 16b 4x4 0x6) SR: 143.75;
4.6;1w;McCoy to Wade, 1 wide the radar goes wrong this time, pushes a slower ball well down the leg side;
4.5;1;McCoy to Finch, 1 run well bowled, another slower ball, 109kph, nearly defeats Finch as he plays forward, trickles off an inside edge;
4.4;4;McCoy to Finch, FOUR runs just wide of backward point! Hint of width, Finch slashes it away, not entirely in control but threads the gap;
4.3;1;McCoy to Wade, 1 run full and straight, Wade swings across the line and gets a thick inside edge towards square leg;
4.2;1;McCoy to Finch, 1 run full outside off, driven to deep point;
4.1;1;McCoy to Wade, 1 run a slower ball, on a length outside off, square drives to deep point;
3.6;1;Russell to Wade, 1 run direct hit from Gayle! Wade drives firmly to cover on the edge of the ring. Gayle swoops - well, sort of - is on target with the throw, but Wade brings out the dive and makes his ground;
3.5;?;Russell to Wade, no run keeps it wide outside off, this time Wade plays and misses with a big drive and that's just inside the tramline;
3.5;1w;Russell to Wade, 1 wide full and sprayed very wide outside off;
3.4;1;Russell to Finch, 1 run loses his shape again, looking to drive this from outside off and ends up dragging it into midwicket;
3.3;2;Russell to Finch, 2 runs this one is put away nicely, a whip-pull from around off stump, goes behind square and some good work on the rope by Allen;
3.3;1w;Russell to Finch, 1 wide short, down the leg side, Finch goes for the pull...there's an appeal for a catch by Pooran but it's called wide;
3.2;?;Russell to Finch, no run opens his stance to give himself some room, drives a full delivery to mid-off without much timing. Lost his shape on the stroke;
3.1;?;Russell to Finch, no run short on off stump, pulled very straight to mid-on...Finch again not looking entirely at ease;
2.6;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run a shorter delivery, it's through Finch as he goes for the pull, is taken on the stomach and Wade calls him through. Must have been some bat involved;
2.5;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run touch fuller outside off, 141kph, Finch stays in his crease and plays with an open face to point;
2.4;?;Cottrell to Finch, no run back of a length, pushed across outside off, Finch misses his square drive. "Oh, come on," he exclaims;
2.3;2;Cottrell to Finch, 2 runs uses his feet, Cottrell sees him and adjust the length, Finch tucks into the leg side;
2.2;1;Cottrell to Wade, 1 run goes short again, square cut into the covers;
2.1;4;Cottrell to Wade, FOUR runs power through the off side...steps outside leg, Cottrell tries to follow him, it's a low full toss and it's driven wide of mid-off;
1.6;1;Russell to Wade, 1 run jumps in the crease and square cuts to deep point;
1.5;?;Russell to Wade, no run short outside off, wider, he aims square through the off side and plays over the top of it;
1.4;4;Russell to Wade, FOUR runs very nicely control, swivels on a pull shot, gets over the top of it and sends it backward of square...the fielder could probably have done better;
1.3;1;Russell to Finch, 1 run played through the off side;
1.2;1;Russell to Wade, 1 run short on off stump, Wade pulls strongly to deep square leg;
1.1;1;Russell to Finch, 1 run nice stroke, short of a length outside off, gets in his toes and drives off the back foot to deep cover;
0.6;1;Cottrell to Finch, 1 run short again, at the body, Finch jumps inside the line and nudges square of the wicket;
0.5;1;Cottrell to Wade, 1 run that was sharp! A well-directed bouncer over leg stump, Wade goes for the hook and is done for pace, gets a top edge that lands safely wide of short fine leg and the keeper;
0.4;4;Cottrell to Wade, FOUR runs a shorter delivery, he goes for the pull and gets a bottom edge past the stumps which beats short fine leg;
0.3;?;Cottrell to Wade, no run full at off stump, 136kph, Wade gets forward and defends into the covers;
0.2;?;Cottrell to Wade, no run keeps it full at middle off, certainly some shape, played square towards point;
0.1;4;Cottrell to Wade, FOUR runs full outside off, hint of swing, but very sweetly driven through the covers. Lovely start;

Hello everyone...let's do this again. Sheldon Cottrell with the first over
7.25pm Speaking of the great man, it's time for him to take over from me in the central commentary position. Here's Gnasher.
As we get closer to the first ball, here's another piece from Andrew McGlashan looking at Chris Gayle's ambitions to win a third T20 World Cup with the West Indies, and whether or not that will be possible considering Gayle's dwindling international form.
7.00 pm Toss time! Australia have won and will bat first for a change. They lost the first two matches after choosing to field first and chase.
Australia XI: 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 Matthew Wade (wk), 3 Mitchell Marsh, 4 Moises Henriques, 5 Alex Carey, 6 Ashton Turner, 7 Dan Christian, 8 Mitchell Starc, 9 Adam Zampa, 10 Riley Meredith, 11 Josh Hazlewood.
Three changes for the visitors. Carey, Turner and Meredith come in. Josh Philippe, Ben McDermott and Ashton Agar all make way for them. According to captain Aaron Finch at the toss, both McDermott and Agar had injury issues to contend with.
West Indies XI: 1 Lendl Simmons, 2 Andre Fletcher, 3 Chris Gayle, 4 Shimron Hetmyer, 5 Nicholas Pooran (capt/wk), 6 Dwayne Bravo, 7 Andre Russell, 8 Fabian Allen, 9 Hayden Walsh Jr, 10 Sheldon Cottrell, 11 Obed McCoy.
So just one change for the hosts. Obed McCoy returns in place of the injured Fidel Edwards.
Franklyn Marcan: "This is a must see game for all cricket fans. The Aussies with everything to play for and the Windies trying to move forward and seal the series win, enjoy everyone."
6.30 pm Hello everyone and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's ball-by-ball coverage of the 3rd T20I from St Lucia between West Indies and Australia. I'm Peter Della Penna and I'll be joined in a bit by Andrew McGlashan. Australia have had nearly 48 hours to lick their wounds from the first two matches as the hosts have taken a 2-0 lead. Can the visitors bounce back to keep the series alive or will West Indies continue their solid form? Gnasher's match preview deals with that question and more.
Jack: "Surely Aus are too good to take another loss? Surely they'll bounce back at some point, right? "
 Innings Start
10.33 pm Ex-captain Daren Sammy is pumped up in the stands giving out high-fives galore. Whereas West Indies have shown incredible firepower throughout their order all series, Australia's lineup has been dry of runs with the exception of Mitchell Marsh. Another low score today and their chances were slim defending today. Those chances went from slim to none after Gayle's knock as he passed 14,000 runs in T20 cricket in the process tonight. West Indies are doing all of this without regular captain Kieron Pollard, which underscores their depth and dominance in this series.
Player of the Match, Universe Boss Chris Gayle: "It's a great journey. I'm so happy and so pleased to get a series win first of all. I just want to commend the stand-in captain Nicholas Pooran for winning a fantastic series against a great team. To Kieron Pollard, he played a big part as well even though he played in none of these games. You all knew I was struggling with the bat and to be able to get some runs today was very pleasing. But what was pleasing about getting these runs tonight was my teammates. I want to dedicate this half-century and milestone to my teammates, especially Kieron Pollard and he stand tall for the person I am and what I've achieved. He let me know where I stand within this team and he wanted me to go and express myself. So I'm very grateful for that pep talk because sometimes it doesn't matter how great you are, you need a bit of a talk sometimes. That coming from Kieron Pollard and Dwayne Bravo with big support in the media as well. I have to commend those senior guys, they played a fantastic part with what happened today. With this strength and unity, we're playing some great allround cricket and I'm really pleased to win this series."
Aaron Finch, Australia captain: "Same as the other games, we just haven't had the top order go on deep in the innings. Myself getting out with back-to-back wickets exposing two new players. It's been quite similar the whole way through. Credit to West Indies. They bowled beautifully especially at that back end. They denied us any length to get up and under that short side. They're an experienced side and they showed it tonight. We would've liked more runs no doubt and that comes down to the top order not going through. If one of your top four is there towards the back end, I think naturally you put pressure on the opposition bowlers especially with just your presence. But myself exposing two new players toward the end when you're looking to go big, it's always going to be difficult. International cricket is hard and you're playing against some great players. Some of their players have 500-plus games but we have to be better. No doubt we've been below our best. We started well with the ball so there's still some positives there and hopefully we keep improving."
Nicholas Pooran, West Indies captain: "Top game. We kept asking for improvement and tonight we came out and executed our plans with bat and ball. There's a reason why Chris Gayle has 14,000 T20 runs, the greatest T20 batsman to play the game. Very pleased for him and the dressing room is going to be even more special after that innings. [Winning my first three games as captain] I'm very thankful and it's something I didn't dream of but this only happened because of this bunch of guys we have here. It's a special group of guys and I can't ask for better T20 cricketers around me. The experience and knowledge in that dressing room is too much and I'm thankful for the support, the support of Polly and all the other senior players. He's my mentor and this is a special feeling for him as well. He's someone who always wants to see me do well but he's shared a lot of knowledge the last few days about how to go about bowling, batting, keeping the nerves and making decisions under pressure. The hard work and the hunger of Fabian Allen and Hayden Walsh, both of them have been doing a lot of work. I felt like we're smart using the breeze. It's always tough hitting sixes against the breeze. We try our best to stuff singles into the leg side especially the right-handers so basically force their batsmen to hit into the breeze. Thankfully we are successful and hopefully that plan can continue working as well. We want to work on consistency. Three games is nothing. If we can win this 5-0, then we'll take it."
Well that's it from us tonight. Come back on Wednesday for the fourth match in this series when I'll be back on the ball-by-ball duties with Andrew McGlashan. Until then, I'm Peter Della Penna. Take care!
14.5;4;Meredith to Pooran, FOUR runs clinches the series win in style! Short ball creamed flat over midwicket, one bounce over the rope. Pooran howls in delight. The stand-in captain's record remains perfect. West Indies win by six wickets with 31 balls to spare to take a 3-0 series lead.;
14.4;4;Meredith to Pooran, FOUR runs good length ball strays on the legs, flicked too easily over fine leg to the rope.;
14.4;1w;Meredith to Pooran, 1 wide slower bouncer over off stump, left alone, deemed too high for Pooran and called a wide.;
14.3;1;Meredith to Russell, 1 run yorker on the stumps, scuffed out to deep backward square.;
14.3;7nb;Meredith to Russell, (no ball) SIX runs full length ball on fourth stump, Russell clears the front leg to slam this over wide long-on. Overstep too by Meredith so a free hit coming up.;
14.2;1;Meredith to Pooran, 1 run full on the legs, flicked through midwicket.;
14.1;W;Meredith to Bravo, OUT tremendous catch by Zampa backpedaling at short third man! Short ball on fifth stump, Bravo tries to whack this over cover but skies a chance over the ring instead. Zampa is tangled up in knots initially trying to locate this going back from the ring and finally decides to attempt an over the shoulder catch with his body facing the boundary. It was theatrical as he almost overran the ball but he reaches out in front of his body and holds on in the end while collapsing to the turf.;Dwayne Bravo c Zampa b Meredith 7 (13m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
13.6;4;Starc to Pooran, FOUR runs elegant! Full on sixth stump, Pooran opens the face to flash a drive square behind point and beats the man on the ring before skittling to the rope.;
13.5;?;Starc to Pooran, no run low full toss on off checked back down the pitch by Pooran. Starc gets his hand to the ball in his follow-through and deflects it onto the stumps. Bravo was looking for a run and was struggling to get back. Third umpire checking for the runout. Looked obvious live that Starc get fingertips to the ball but the third umpire is being overly cautious checking replays. It doesn't matter regardless as Bravo did wind up getting his bat grounded in the end.;
13.4;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run yorker on off stump squirted out to the cover sweeper.;
13.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run full on off, defended on the front foot to mid-off.;
13.2;2;Starc to Bravo, 2 runs full on middle, chipped over midwicket and tracked down by the sweeper for a pair.;
13.1;1;Starc to Pooran, 1 run full on middle and leg, flicked through midwicket for one.;
12.6;4;Hazlewood to Bravo, FOUR runs classy! Back of a length on fifth stump, Bravo goes back to punch through extra cover, timed all the way to the rope.;
12.5;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run back of a length on middle, Bravo hops back in defense and is hit above the knee roll, big lbw shout denied. Too high.;
12.4;?;Hazlewood to Bravo, no run bouncer on fifth stump, left alone.;
12.3;1;Hazlewood to Pooran, 1 run short and wide outside off, sliced behind point for one.;
12.2;2;Hazlewood to Pooran, 2 runs full on the legs, flicked wide of deep square leg for a well-run two.;
12.1;?;Hazlewood to Pooran, no run good length ball on fifth stump, defended.;
11.6;W;Meredith to Gayle, OUT Meredith ends the carnage with a slower ball at 123 kph! Short on fifth stump, Gayle struggled to keep his hands back with the lack of pace and tried to muscle it over mid-on rather than accessing the off side with the width on offer, winds up knuckling a thick edge that floats to Wade at head height. Gayle gets a hug from Pooran before walking off, and then another hug from Bravo who is on his way to the crease as the whole West Indies bench rises to give him a standing ovation.;Chris Gayle c ?Wade b Meredith 67 (57m 38b 4x4 7x6) SR: 176.31;

Hazlewood replaces Zampa for his third, over the stumps.
 Innings Start
Australia
West Indies
3rd T20I (N), Gros Islet, Jul 12 2021, Australia tour of West Indies
141/6
142/4
Player of the match is Chris Gayle, WI
West Indies won by 6 wickets (with 31 balls remaining)
