Data
Australia reached 183 for 4 which isn't a bad effort considering they had to resume from a standing start after 19 overs. Ponting, Clarke and Hussey played well and we'll confirm the D/L adjustment for you shortly. The talk is a target around 220, but nothing official as yet. Been confirmed that the target is 223, makes it a tough chase but gettable in the Twenty20 era. Just a rough explanation as to why the target is increased, it's because Australia's innings was interrupted after they expected to face 50 overs so played accordingly. It's more complicated than just that, but that's a basic principle.
28.6;1;Steyn to Marsh, 1 run gets the final ball of the innings down to third man;
28.5;4;Steyn to Marsh, FOUR runs connects cleanly through the off side, was short of yorker length and Marsh could drive with a full swing of the arms;
28.4;1lb;Steyn to Hussey, 1 leg bye well bowled, Hussey shaped to move outside leg and Steyn fired the ball full at his pads and it rebounded down to third man;
28.3;1;Steyn to Marsh, 1 run low full toss and Marsh swings powerfully through the line to pick out long off;
28.2;?;Steyn to Marsh, no run excellent yorker outside off stump and Marsh plays over the top;
28.1;2;Steyn to Marsh, 2 runs drives his first delivery firmly down to long where's a fumble so he gets back on strike;
27.6;W;Kallis to Haddin, OUT lofted down to long on, got underneath this too much and it almost went straight up;Brad Haddin c Duminy b Kallis 9 (7m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 128.57;
27.5;2;Kallis to Haddin, 2 runs another full toss which is heaved through midwicket, there's a good piece of fielding on the boundary as JP Duminy brings out the slide;
27.4;2;Kallis to Haddin, 2 runs this is on a good length so Haddin is able to get slightly under it and swing into the leg side;
27.3;2;Kallis to Haddin, 2 runs low full toss at leg stump, pushed down the ground and again with just the right amount of force;
27.2;1;Kallis to Hussey, 1 run now he drives firmly through the covers;
27.1;4;Kallis to Hussey, FOUR runs this is a super little innings from Hussey as he picks up another boundary over midwicket from a full delivery;
26.6;2;Steyn to Haddin, 2 runs some excellent timing, again staying leg-side of the ball and drives sweetly through cover leaving long off a chase around the boundary;
26.5;1;Steyn to Hussey, 1 run tucked off about middle towards square leg;
26.4;1;Steyn to Haddin, 1 run splays his stance to allow himself a free swing then drives a very full delivery down to long off;
26.3;?;Steyn to Haddin, no run slashes and misses at his first ball, wasn't far away from a wide but Haddin was giving himself room;
26.2;W;Steyn to Ponting, OUT picks out backward point. It was full and wide, Ponting connected quite well but Botha didn't have to move too far to his right;Ricky Ponting c Botha b Steyn 63 (118m 77b 9x4 0x6) SR: 81.81;
26.1;2;Steyn to Ponting, 2 runs starts with a good yorker but it's pushed down the ground with just the right amount of force to allow time for a second;
19.6;4;Botha to Ponting, FOUR runs connects well with a sweep, takes it from well outside off stump, it goes in the air but clear of any fielders. That takes him to fifty;
19.5;2;Botha to Ponting, 2 runs drilled into the leg side wide of long on;
19.4;4;Botha to Ponting, FOUR runs lovely shot, a hint of width and Ponting glides it through the vacant slip area down to third man;
19.3;?;Botha to Ponting, no run comes well outside off stump, plays with the spin into the leg side and wanted a single but was sent back by Clarke and had to scurry;
19.2;?;Botha to Ponting, no run outside off stump and heaved along the ground to midwicket;
19.1;1;Botha to Clarke, 1 run work off the hip to square leg;
18.6;1;Steyn to Clarke, 1 run whipped off the pads, the ball rolling behind square on the leg side;
18.5;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run Steyn pushes Clarke deep into his crease with a short-of-length delivery that is defended into the off side;
18.4;?;Steyn to Clarke, no run gentle shape away from the bat again. Tapped down defensively to cover point;
18.3;1;Steyn to Ponting, 1 run much fuller and straighter, and cutting in off the wicket. Ponting spots the change-up and gets forward to defend to mid on;
18.2;4;Steyn to Ponting, FOUR runs edged to third man! There is a slip in place but this was far too wide for him. Ponting was aiming for a backfoot punch to cover, but Steyn shaped one away from him to take a healthy edge. Unfortunately for him, it flew at a catchable height through the vacant second/third slip area;
18.1;?;Steyn to Ponting, no run he is on target with the loosener, keeping Ponting quiet with a length delivery on middle and off;
25.6;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run aims down the ground but it comes off the toe end and lobs into the outfield short of long on;
25.5;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run comes down the pitch outside leg then doesn't connect as the ball is outside off stump;
25.4;1;Kallis to Hussey, 1 run low full toss on off stump, Hussey drives firmly to cover where Morkel gets down well to make a good save;
25.3;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run full at the stumps, whipped down to long on;
25.2;1;Kallis to Hussey, 1 run full on middle and leg, nicely timed through midwicket but the fielding is swift to stop a second;
25.1;?;Kallis to Hussey, no run gets past the edge straight away as the ball bounces over Hussey's cut;
24.6;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run delicately glided down to third man using the pace of Morkel;
24.5;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run a fairly ugly shot from Ponting as he carves this down to long off;
24.4;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run goes back to a full length on the stumps, Hussey opens the face to find third man;
24.3;4;Morkel to Hussey, FOUR runs another short ball and Hussey likes them, he managed to control the shot even though it was around head-height and there's no one at long leg;
24.2;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run he's found the non-striker's stumps again, but this time without any touch from the bowler, and it deflects away wide of mid-on for a single...the shot was worth a boundary;
24.1;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run opens the face and plays to cover;
24.1;1w;Morkel to Hussey, 1 wide down the leg side, no touch on the pad so no escape for the bowler;
23.6;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run full again, yorker length and squeezed out to deep cover;
23.5;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run backs away to leg but Botha followed him and fired the ball at his feet which meant there was no room to swing the arms;
23.4;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run fired in quicker, full at the stumps, and tucked out to deep square leg;
23.3;6;Botha to Hussey, SIX runs brilliant from Hussey, comes down the pitch and outside leg which opens up the off side and he drives it over the deep cover boundary;
23.2;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run down the pitch and thumped to long off;
23.1;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run round the wicket, worked off the stumps out to deep midwicket;
22.6;1;Morkel to Hussey, 1 run fuller and driven square into the off side;
22.5;?;Morkel to Hussey, no run beaten! That had some pace on it. Good comeback from Morkel. Hussey tries to run it down to third man but is done by the bounce;
22.4;4;Morkel to Hussey, FOUR runs pinged away. Unlike Ponting, Hussey connects with his pull and it races through square leg;
22.3;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run length delivery which doesn't really come on to Ponting, he goes for a pull and it lobs towards midwicket;
22.2;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run down the pitch and aims a heave to leg but loses shape on the shot so doesn't connect;
22.1;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run driven on the up from off stump straight to cover;
21.6;?;Botha to Hussey, no run lovely delivery, beaten by turn and bounce as this spins past the outside edge;
21.5;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run chips down the pitch and works out to midwicket;
21.4;1;Botha to Hussey, 1 run back in the crease and work off the stumps to deep square leg;
21.3;?;Botha to Hussey, no run round the wicket, full on off stump, driven to cover;
21.2;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run almost another run out. Ponting open the face and found third man, Hussey races up the pitch and commits to a full-length dive. Boucher had knocked the bails off before getting the ball, but then uprooted a stump but Hussey was home;
21.1;W;Botha to Ponting, OUT backing up, what a way to go! We've seen a few of these of late. Ponting used his feet, drilled it down the pitch where Botha got a hand on it and Clarke was backing up well out of his crease;Michael Clarke run out (Botha) 44 (83m 48b 5x4 2x6) SR: 91.66;
20.6;6;Tsotsobe to Clarke, SIX runs and again! He's peppering the leg side, this time it's straighter and more over midwicket as he clears his front leg;
20.5;6;Tsotsobe to Clarke, SIX runs he's middle that! Dropped in short, Clarke was hanging back waiting for it and latches on with a powerful. He didn't even try to keep it down;
20.4;1;Tsotsobe to Ponting, 1 run opens the face and pushes into the off side;
20.3;1;Tsotsobe to Clarke, 1 run back of a length, flat-batted back past the bowler put without much timing so mid-off comes round;
20.2;1;Tsotsobe to Ponting, 1 run nearly does Ponting with a slower bounce, it looped off the surface and he had to wait on the shot before pulling to midwicket;
20.1;1;Tsotsobe to Clarke, 1 run gives himself a touch of room outside leg then slashes down to third man;
17.6;4;Morkel to Clarke, FOUR runs imperious! The bounce in this track is very consistent, and so the batsmen have the confidence to play shots like these. Morkel offered width outside off, but the length was tricky - middling. Clarke made the most of it, however, hammering the ball square of the wicket with his weight forward;
17.5;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run rising off a length and nicely straight from the tall fast bowler, Clarke tapping defensively to mid on. Morkel held that one across the seam, looking for extra bounce;
17.4;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run a well played shot for just one run, Ponting stepping confidently forward and driving wide of mid off. Amla sprinted to his left and tumbled into a sliding stop to keep him to just one;
17.3;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run a splice-jarring delivery is pushed to cover. There's pace and bounce for Morkel, as you'd expect, but nothing too dramatic;
17.2;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run though his direction has been off, Morkel has hit the seam consistently in this spell and does so once again, jagging one in to Ponting and taking the inside edge;
17.1;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run slapped behind square, on the up but straight to the fielder;
16.6;?;Botha to Clarke, no run flighted up on off stump, Clarke comes forward in defence;
16.5;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run but this time he does, a single coming through square leg;
16.4;?;Botha to Ponting, no run aimed at middle and leg, Ponting turns his wrists over it but can't find the gap;
16.3;?;Botha to Ponting, no run Botha reverts to type, sending this one down much flatter, and Ponting defends to leg;
16.3;5w;Botha to Ponting, 5 wide has he got bat on this? Botha gave this one a lot more air but looped it down the leg side, and Ponting just needed a thin glance to get it to the fine leg boundary;
16.2;1;Botha to Clarke, 1 run hurled down quicker and flatter, and after coming down Clarke double-bluffs the bowler by stepping deep into his crease to work a single into the leg side;
16.1;?;Botha to Clarke, no run a twinklet-toed Clarke greets Botha's first ball after the interval with a quick shuffle down the track, but he doesn't quite get to it;
15.6;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run good end to the over, Morkel aiming at the top of middle and Ponting tapping tamely to mid on;
15.5;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run played a little loosely by Ponting, the veteran batsman slicing at a rising delivery to play it to backward point;
15.4;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run yet again Morne is saved by his fielders. He offered plenty of width on the length delivery but the man at extra cover stops the shot;
15.3;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run nicely full from Morkel, and the line is good too. Ponting comes forward in defence;
15.2;1;Morkel to Clarke, 1 run worked away for a quiet single;
15.1;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run great reflexes from Faf du Plessis! He in close at a short cover point and Clarke absolutely murdered a cut to his left, but Faf thrust both hands out to stop it cleanly. Much appreciated by the bowler;
14.6;?;Botha to Ponting, no run pushed through flat and aimed right at middle, Ponting getting forward to defend to midwicket;
14.5;1;Botha to Clarke, 1 run good stuff from Clarke, getting deep in the crease and placing the ball square for another single;
14.4;1;Botha to Ponting, 1 run quicker and flatter through the air from Botha, but it's dragged down short and Ponting eases a single to leg;
14.3;1;Botha to Clarke, 1 run a touch too straight from the offspinner, and Clarke finds the gap at square leg;
14.2;?;Botha to Clarke, no run Clarke is down the track but Botha spots him coming and drags his length back, drawing a defensive stroke from the batsman;
14.1;?;Botha to Clarke, no run tossed up on middle and leg, tucked to midwicket;
13.6;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run slapped on the up to extra cover, where a good sliding stop saves runs;
13.5;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run Morkel zones in on the top of off, Ponting defends;
13.4;4;Morkel to Ponting, FOUR runs in the air! Morkel pitched one up and lured Ponting into a drive. It wasn't quite close enough to him for the shot, however, and he couldn't keep the square drive down, the ball shooting just past a leaping Duminy;
13.4;1w;Morkel to Ponting, 1 wide Morkel's a bit all over the place at the moment. This one is pushed too far down the leg side, and called wide;
13.3;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run Morkel pushes his line a little wider of off, and Ponting steps across to shoulder arms;
13.2;4;Morkel to Ponting, FOUR runs Ponting dispatches a short ball to long leg with a cracking swivel-pull! That was sweetly timed, it never got up high but bounced just once before crossing the boundary. The old man's still got it ...;
13.1;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run Morne roars an appeal! That's highly optimistic, despite the sharp seam movement in off the pitch. It's hit him about a foot outside off;
12.6;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run this might've been an offcutter from Kallis. It kept a little low and moved in off the pitch, Ponting inside edging an attempted glance onto his pad;
12.5;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run nurdled into the off side for one;
12.4;4;Kallis to Clarke, FOUR runs slashed square! Again Clarke had to stretch out to drive but this time played it a little later to pick the gap;
12.3;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run pitched full and wide by Kallis, and Ponting eases a drive to cover;
12.2;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run a hacked drive played with a horizontal bat flies out to deep cover, where there's protection on the rope;
12.1;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run chopped down on the off side, just the one;
11.6;?;Morkel to Clarke, no run Clarke stands at the crease to tap a length delivery back to the bowler;
11.5;1;Morkel to Ponting, 1 run short of length again, but a little straighter this time and Ponting works a single wide of mid on;
11.4;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run a rising delivery outside off is punched firmly to cover point in typically bellicose style by Ponting, but Duminy scoots across and slides to cut it off cleanly. Duminy has really settled in in that position;
11.3;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run another appeal! Again Morkel sprays this a little too far down the leg side, but it touches something on the way through. The South Africans think its glove/bat, but the umpire insists it was only pad. And he's right, by the looks of things;
11.2;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run he's knocked him off his feet! Morkel spears in an unexpected full delivery, striking Ponting on the pad and knocking his legs out from underneath him. There's an appeal for lbw, but that was going down leg;
11.1;?;Morkel to Ponting, no run and he's bang on target to start, firing one down on a length outside off. Ponting lunges forward to defend;
10.6;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run jumps back into the crease and nudges this from around off stump to the leg side;
10.5;1;Kallis to Clarke, 1 run throws his arms through a drive this time, it was very wide and the ball went in the air through cover out to the sweeper;
10.4;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run another full delivery outside off, driven sweetly to mid-off;
10.3;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run short ball outside off, Clarke lowers his bat and hands out of the line;
10.2;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run full outside off, Clarke goes for a drive but doesn't time it cleanly;
10.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run on off stump and defended to cover;
9.6;4;Tsotsobe to Ponting, FOUR runs again a loose ball ends the over as Ponting pulls it away to fine leg;
9.5;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run now he goes for a pull and doesn't connect, this is good stuff from Tsotsobe who is causing problems;
9.4;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run big appeal for lbw! South Africa think it's pad first before Ponting punches it to mid-off. There are reviews in this series, one for each side, but Amla decides against it. Would have been a good one for Hot Spot;
9.3;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run back outside off, played square on the off side;
9.2;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run a touch of movement gets Ponting into a tangle as he tries to work this through the leg side;
9.1;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run this delivery keeps Ponting on the back foot as he defends into the covers;
8.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run full on off stump, driven firmly down to mid-on and it's the first maiden of the match;
8.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run this one is a little fuller and doesn't bring a shot from Clarke...a tempting line and being resisted so far;
8.4;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run defended square into the off side;
8.3;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run short of a length outside off, defended off the back foot into the covers;
8.2;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run touch wider outside off and Clarke doesn't play;
8.1;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run outside off and left alone;
7.6;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run back of a length, Ponting jumps into his defensive shot and plays to the off side;
7.5;1;Tsotsobe to Clarke, 1 run takes the inside edge into the leg side;
7.4;?;Tsotsobe to Clarke, no run follows up with a delivery full on middle, Clarke responds with a confident defensive shot back to the bowler;
7.3;?;Tsotsobe to Clarke, no run hits him! Clarke is taken on the helmet by a short ball, he went for pull but was beaten for pace and appeared to get a little top edge on it, too;
7.2;1;Tsotsobe to Ponting, 1 run on leg stump, tucked off the hip into the gap at square leg;
7.1;?;Tsotsobe to Ponting, no run onto the front foot as he defends to the off side;
6.6;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run left alone outside off;
6.5;?;Kallis to Clarke, no run he's almost caught on the crease, was quite a full delivery and Ponting would have been well forward to that;
6.4;1;Kallis to Ponting, 1 run driven off a thick outside edge down to third man;
6.3;4;Kallis to Ponting, FOUR runs close! Finds the inside edge and it flies past the out-stretched left hand of Mark Boucher...he got a fingertip on it, mighty tough as he had to change direction;
6.2;?;Kallis to Ponting, no run back of a length outside off, punched firmly into the covers where Steyn parries it but it doesn't cost anything;
6.1;4;Kallis to Ponting, FOUR runs starts off with a short ball which is pulled away through square leg with ease;

Change of bowling and it's Jacques Kallis
 Innings Start
Australia win by 93 runs and that's a very convincing performance. They batted positively either side of a long rain break, especially on the resumption, and benefited from the D/L calculation as they'd only lost one wicket before the rain. The target was tough for South Africa and they needed a good start which never came as Graeme Smith's problems continued (although he could have saved himself with a review). Pat Cummins starred again while Xavier Doherty impressed with a good spell. Overall, plenty for Australia to be happy about and much for South Africa to ponder ahead of the next match in Port Elizabeth. We'll be back in less than 12 hours to bring you coverage of India against England but, for now, from Andrew McGlashan and Liam Brickhill - who deserves a special mention for his efforts during that rain break - it's goodnight.
21.6;W;Johnson to Tsotsobe, OUT that's the game! Tsotsobe tries to launch this down the ground but only manages to send it straight up in the air and Marsh steadied himself under the catch back-tracking from mid-off;Lonwabo Tsotsobe c Marsh b Johnson 4 (9m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
21.5;?;Johnson to Tsotsobe, no run short delivery, Tsotsobe drops his hands and lets it go over the stumps;
21.4;?;Johnson to Tsotsobe, no run goes full at the stumps and it's driven to cover;
21.3;?;Johnson to Tsotsobe, no run pushed across outside off stump, Tsotsobe stands still and doesn't play a shot;
21.2;1;Johnson to Morkel, 1 run touch shorter and this time it's nicely punched off the back foot wide of cover;
21.1;?;Johnson to Morkel, no run full at off stump, hint of shape away to Morkel who drives to cover;
20.6;?;Cummins to Tsotsobe, no run back of a length, defended towards gully to end a rapid over;
20.5;?;Cummins to Tsotsobe, no run slower ball outside off which is steered into the off side;
20.4;4;Cummins to Tsotsobe, FOUR runs well done by the No. 11. Cummins followed up with a full delivery but Tsotsobe drove it straight down the ground even though he was quite behind the line;
20.4;5w;Cummins to Tsotsobe, 5 wide that's a quick one but it's too short and climbs clear of the batsman and the keeper;
20.3;?;Cummins to Tsotsobe, no run that's an excellent short ball, targets Tsotsobe's throat and he does well to play it down in front of gully;
20.2;?;Cummins to Tsotsobe, no run short of a length and it's well played as he defends behind the line;
20.1;W;Cummins to Botha, OUT he's trodden on his stumps! Cummins has his third. Early in his career to get a hit wicket. Botha went back and across then pulled a short ball away, but the in process of playing the stroke his back foot when into the base of stumps;Johan Botha hit wicket b Cummins 25 (29m 22b 3x4 1x6) SR: 113.63;
19.6;1;Johnson to Botha, 1 run heaves a full delivery into the leg side but can't beat a diving mid-on;
19.5;?;Johnson to Botha, no run beaten by the bounce as he tries to cut through the off side;
19.4;W;Johnson to Steyn, OUT Steyn perishes in search of runs! Johnson pulled his length back and Steyn slashed hard into an uppercut, but could only spoon the ball down to Bollinger at third man. Good catch by the lanky fast bowler, and South Africa lose another one;Dale Steyn c Bollinger b Johnson 5 (11m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 55.55;
19.3;4;Johnson to Steyn, FOUR runs Steyn will keep swinging! He has another go and this time finds the middle, flat-batting a length delivery over mid on after clearing the left leg;
19.2;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run Johnson pushes this one slightly wider on the angle across the left-hander, who misses with the cut this time;
19.1;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run Steyn doesn't come close to laying bat on ball with a flatfooted swish outside off;
18.6;6;Bollinger to Botha, SIX runs Botha on the attack! More length from Bollinger and it's disappeared over wide long on for six. Do South Africa still have a chance? Rusty and Waleed will say they do!;
18.5;4;Bollinger to Botha, FOUR runs straight down the ground! Four more for Botha. This was a quality cricket shot. He picked up the length delivery and lifted it straight back over Bollinger's head;
18.4;?;Bollinger to Botha, no run Botha walks right across his stumps and shovels a drive hard at mid on;
18.3;4;Bollinger to Botha, FOUR runs Botha is starting to middle a few now! But is it too little too late? The ball was short once again, and Botha's pull beat the man at short fine leg;
18.2;1lb;Bollinger to Steyn, 1 leg bye there's a speculative appeal from Bollinger as Steyn is struck on the pad, but this landed well outside leg and the end result is a scampered leg bye;
18.1;?;Bollinger to Steyn, no run he slams one down short of a good length to start, Steyn tapping to gully;
17.6;4;Johnson to Botha, FOUR runs hammered down the ground! Botha takes South Africa to 99 with a drilled straight drive;
17.5;1;Johnson to Steyn, 1 run chopped down to third man for one;
17.4;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run Steyn rides the bounce of another short delivery to defend to point;
17.3;?;Johnson to Steyn, no run the bouncer rises up past the grille of the batsman, who sways out of the way;
17.2;1;Johnson to Botha, 1 run flapped across the line towards mid on, where the fielder slips on the outfield and allows a single;
17.1;W;Johnson to du Plessis, OUT Faf goes on the attack, but he slices across the attempted loft and the ball loops out to Mike Hussey at deep cover. South Africa sink further. They need to reach 172 by the 20th over to be par on D/L now;Faf du Plessis c Hussey b Johnson 27 (44m 20b 3x4 0x6) SR: 135;
17.1;1w;Johnson to du Plessis, 1 wide and he starts with a horrid wide miles outside off;
16.6;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run driven down to long off for one;
16.5;4;Doherty to du Plessis, FOUR runs a misfield by Smith at deep cover allows four! The ball was driven very hard out into that region, but he just over-ran it;
16.4;1;Doherty to Botha, 1 run Botha is living dangerously! He charges the bowler and tries to go over long on, but can't get a good connection. In fact, he hits it so badly that it falls in front of the fielder, saving him;
16.3;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run Faf skips down and collects a single to long on;
16.2;1;Doherty to Botha, 1 run and now he's just about swung himself off his feet attempting a mow to leg. He recovers in time to take the single;
16.1;?;Doherty to Botha, no run Botha uses his feet well to get right to the pitch and smash a drive, but unfortunately for him he hits it straight at the fielder;
15.6;1;Marsh to Botha, 1 run tapped to cover point, on the up, for a quick single;
15.5;?;Marsh to Botha, no run dropped by Cummins at mid on! It was such an easy chance too. Botha was rushed into a pull and the ball popped tamely to mid on. He got there in good time but it hit the palm and popped straight out;
15.4;?;Marsh to Botha, no run full and straight, Botha coming forward with bat and pad together in defence;
15.3;?;Marsh to Botha, no run beaten outside off, on the cut! Botha is taking a while to settle out there;
15.2;?;Marsh to Botha, no run another appeal! Marsh nips one in off the seam, as he has done quite a bit on this tour already, and zipped between bat and pad. The Australians thought he got something on it, but it probably touched the back leg. There's no review;
15.1;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run a late cut bounces down to third man;
14.6;2;Doherty to Botha, 2 runs flicked off the toes to midwicket, and they hurry back for the second;
14.5;?;Doherty to Botha, no run cracking delivery! Doherty is really putting pressure on Botha. This one was slower through the air, gripped on the greasy surface, and spun past the outside edge of his poking bat;
14.4;?;Doherty to Botha, no run beaten slashing outside off now! Botha thought the cut was on. It wasn't;
14.3;?;Doherty to Botha, no run he sweeps right over the top of one! Botha bent down and tried to smash, but couldn't get anything on it;
14.2;?;Doherty to Botha, no run solid forward defence first up;
14.1;W;Doherty to Boucher, OUT there's an appeal from Doherty as Boucher misses a flick to leg and is hit on the pads, but it's quickly quashed. How close was this? Doherty doesn't look that confident, but Clarke wants to review it. Yep, it pitched in line and would've taken out middle and leg, Boucher is out!;Mark Boucher lbw b Doherty 1 (7m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
13.6;4;Marsh to du Plessis, FOUR runs shot! Faf du Plessis has shown remarkable poise and timing so far in this knock. He uses his feet to good effect, and a powerful drive threads the men at cover and mid-off;
13.5;1;Marsh to Boucher, 1 run a touch straight, and Boucher works him off the pads;
13.4;?;Marsh to Boucher, no run a bouncer from Marsh, and though it's not particularly lethal Boucher opts to sway cautiously out of the way;
13.3;?;Marsh to Boucher, no run full and straight, driven back to the bowler;
13.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run good shot for one run! du Plessis leans forward to slap a drive to deep extra cover;
13.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run wobbling around off a good length, just outside off. Faf defends down to gully;
12.6;W;Doherty to Miller, OUT was this a catch? Miller stepped away and drove hard square of the wicket, the ball landing in point's waiting hands. But was it a bump ball? Doherty appeals but the umpire's not convinced. Eventually they go upstairs, and that's out!;David Miller c Clarke b Doherty 11 (13m 12b 0x4 0x6) SR: 91.66;
12.5;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run fetched across to deep midwicket, where there's plenty of cover;
12.4;1;Doherty to Miller, 1 run pushed down the ground;
12.3;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run Faf hops down the wicket but Xavier spots him coming, dragging his length down to draw a hurried defence;
12.2;1;Doherty to Miller, 1 run threaded through cover for one;
12.1;?;Doherty to Miller, no run drilled hard at mid-off;
11.6;2;Marsh to du Plessis, 2 runs chipped in the air to wide long on. Deliberately played, the ball falling well short of the fielder;
11.5;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run Marsh aims for the swinging yorker but it slips out as a full toss that is tapped wide of midwicket;
11.4;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run worked into the leg side for a single;
11.3;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run punched towards mid-off, who is very deep and so a single is on offer;
11.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run Faf angles his bat to work the ball through backward point;
11.1;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run shovelled off the pads, the ball rolling out to long leg;
10.6;1;Doherty to Miller, 1 run speared in flat and full by Doherty, hoping to slip one under the bat. Miller jabs down in time, however, and finds a single to long on;
10.5;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run Doherty comes round the wicket to du Plessis, who flicks a very full ball off the toes and down to short fine leg;
10.4;1;Doherty to Miller, 1 run looped up on middle and leg, worked off the pads;
10.3;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run chopped down on the off side for one;
10.2;1;Doherty to Miller, 1 run swept hard out to deep midwicket, but the fielder is round in time to cut it off;
10.1;2;Doherty to Miller, 2 runs squirted off the outer half of the bat, Miller angling the blade as he presses forward to get it to short third man;
9.6;1;Marsh to Miller, 1 run tucks his first ball through square leg;
9.5;W;Marsh to Amla, OUT another one goes! And with a fine catch. South Africa falling apart. Was full and fairly wide, Amla chased it and got an edge through to Brad Haddin who took a super catch, one-handed, diving in front of first slip;Hashim Amla c ?Haddin b Marsh 24 (45m 32b 2x4 1x6) SR: 75;
9.4;?;Marsh to Amla, no run chases a wide delivery and is beaten. No footwork and he reached for the ball;
9.3;2;Marsh to Amla, 2 runs takes advantage of some width and guides it fine of third man but Bollinger slides well;
9.2;1;Marsh to du Plessis, 1 run uses his feet, goes across the crease and little towards the bowler then tucks into the leg side;
9.1;?;Marsh to du Plessis, no run starts outside off and it's left alone;
8.6;?;Doherty to Amla, no run better line on middle and it's defended down the pitch;
8.5;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run onto the front foot, driven through the off side;
8.4;1;Doherty to Amla, 1 run width again to Amla who cuts it out to deep cover;
8.3;1;Doherty to du Plessis, 1 run comes forward and works it past a diving midwicket;
8.2;1;Doherty to Amla, 1 run plays this neatly off the back foot towards point;
8.1;?;Doherty to Amla, no run cuts square on the off side and it almost carries to point;
7.6;4;Cummins to du Plessis, FOUR runs that's an emphatic way to get off the mark as he drives a full delivery through straight mid-off, but it doesn't take anything away from a fine over by Cummins;
7.5;W;Cummins to Duminy, OUT gone! He's got Duminy again. He was trying to pull his bat away from the delivery outside off, but it was too late and it ran off the face to second slip who held a sharp catch.;Jean-Paul Duminy c Clarke b Cummins 4 (4m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
7.4;4;Cummins to Duminy, FOUR runs just gets this slightly too straight, on middle and leg, which allows Duminy a neat clip through square leg;
7.3;W;Cummins to Kallis, OUT big wicket! Cummins keeps taking wickets. It was full outside off, Kallis went for a drive and got a thick inside into the stumps. Not a bad scalp to start your ODI career with;Jacques Kallis b Cummins 15 (29m 15b 1x4 1x6) SR: 100;
7.2;1;Cummins to Amla, 1 run fuller this time, driven firmly towards mid-off but they can still scamper a single;
7.1;?;Cummins to Amla, no run back of a length outside off and Amla punches into the off side;
6.6;1;Doherty to Amla, 1 run cut backward of square and deep cover does well to keep them to a single;
6.5;1;Doherty to Kallis, 1 run touch short again, Kallis drives off the back foot to the cover sweeper;
6.4;4;Doherty to Kallis, FOUR runs hammered! Too much width and Kallis unfurls a powerful cover drive that reached the boundary before anyone blinked;
6.3;1;Doherty to Amla, 1 run pushed through quite flat, Amla opens the face to find the gap at cover;
6.2;1;Doherty to Kallis, 1 run driven down to long off;
6.1;?;Doherty to Kallis, no run short and wide but he gets away with it as Kallis cuts to point;
5.6;?;Cummins to Amla, no run driven up to mid-off;
5.5;?;Cummins to Amla, no run responds in typical fast-bowler style with a bouncer which follows Amla who, again, tries to go over the slips but doesn't make contact;
5.4;4;Cummins to Amla, FOUR runs another lovely shot, driven on the up square through the off side. It pierced a small gap between backward point and square cover;
5.3;?;Cummins to Amla, no run full at off stump, dug out towards the bowler who collects in his follow through;
5.2;?;Cummins to Amla, no run this one is driven sweetly off the back foot straight cover;
5.1;6;Cummins to Amla, SIX runs and his first ball in ODI cricket is upper cut for six over cover...it wasn't a shocking delivery, but offered enough width for the shot which Amla played with conviction;
4.6;1;Bollinger to Amla, 1 run pushed into the covers off the back foot and it's a well-judged single;
4.5;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run now he goes short, it's over off stump and beats Amla's attempted to glide it over the slips...it certainly wasn't trying to keep it down;
4.4;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run plays from the crease this time into the off side;
4.3;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run stays full looking for movement and it's nicely driven up to mid-off;
4.2;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run full outside off stump, Amla plays a punchy drive which goes straight to a square cover;
4.1;1;Bollinger to Kallis, 1 run back of a length, Kallis just opens the face a touch and plays a controlled shot to third man;
3.6;?;Johnson to Amla, no run extra bounce takes Amla on the thigh pad as he jumps into line;
3.5;?;Johnson to Amla, no run more swing for Johnson, comes back into Amla and beats him for pace as he tries to play to leg;
3.4;4;Johnson to Amla, FOUR runs now Amla dishes it out as he launches a full, wide delivery in the air over cover. He threw everything at that;
3.3;?;Johnson to Amla, no run that's a ripper! Zips back off a good length and cuts Amla in half as it beats the inside edge;
3.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run slung outside off but just inside the markers that the umpires use to judge a wide call;
3.1;?;Johnson to Amla, no run full and searching for the swing, Amla plays it well with a straight bat back to the bowler who parries it to mid-off;
2.6;?;Bollinger to Kallis, no run and he beats him again, this time a length delivery that seams past the outside edge with Kallis on the back foot;
2.5;?;Bollinger to Kallis, no run good pace and line, outside off, which is left alone;
2.4;?;Bollinger to Kallis, no run good comeback from Bollinger, responds with a full delivery outside off and Kallis is slightly flat-footed as he plays and misses with a drive;
2.3;6;Bollinger to Kallis, SIX runs that's a wonderful shot, picks up a short ball off leg stump and lofts it onto the grass banks behind long leg...all timing that shot, not brute force;
2.2;1;Bollinger to Amla, 1 run banged in short, Amla goes for the pull and it doesn't come out of the middle but it has enough to clear square leg and fall safely;
2.1;?;Bollinger to Amla, no run a solid drive into the off side but can't find the gap;
1.6;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run beaten outside off as he drives over a very full delivery...decent opening over from Johnson to keep the pressure on;
1.6;1w;Johnson to Kallis, 1 wide loses his line down the leg side, that will happen with Johnson;
1.5;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run another super delivery, encouraging signs for Johnson as he gets this to swing back late into Kallis and he's taken on the pads but quite high;
1.4;?;Johnson to Kallis, no run well bowled, nipped back of a length into Kallis who gets an inside edge into his leg;
1.3;1;Johnson to Amla, 1 run pushes at this off the back foot and it comes off a thick edge down to third man;
1.2;?;Johnson to Amla, no run punched off the back foot into the covers;
1.1;1;Johnson to Kallis, 1 run hint of swing into Kallis who tucks this off the pads past square leg;
0.6;1;Bollinger to Kallis, 1 run tight run to start with, pushed into the covers and he would have made it even with a direct hit so well judged;
0.5;W;Bollinger to Smith, OUT gone! Bollinger wins the battle again, Smith plays across the line and is given lbw. Smith considers a review but after asking Amla he walks off. It looked out.;Graeme Smith lbw b Bollinger 4 (3m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
0.4;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run tucked to square leg;
0.3;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run short delivery but Smith doesn't time his pull as he finds mid-on;
0.2;4;Bollinger to Smith, FOUR runs back of a length and tucked off the hip into the leg side...oh dear, they end up getting four runs! There was all sorts of pinball played with the fielding and it was Ponting, backing up a poor initial throw, who then gave away the overthrows with a throw past the non-striker's stumps;
0.1;?;Bollinger to Smith, no run swing straight away as this shapes away from Smith who leaves alone;

We are just about ready for the chase. Hashim Amla was welcomed to the crease by fireworks to mark his 50th ODI which was nice, but perhaps a little much. Doug Bollinger will bowl the first over
 Innings Start
Australia
South Africa
1st ODI (D/N), Centurion, Oct 19 2011, Australia tour of South Africa
183/4
129
Player of the match is Ricky Ponting, AUS
Australia won by 93 runs (D/L method)
