Data
9pm Henriques' unbeaten fifty has boosted Australia to 173 amid the fall of wickets. Sri Lanka need 174 to sew up their third successive T20 series win in Australia. They have an extra batsman today in Kusal Mendis. They have eight players who can bat, the chase could be interesting. Be back soon.
Lakshitha: "This is Kule's best figures in T20, previous best was 32/4"
Imosh Dewapura: "Everyone who trashed Kula, take it all back. NOW!!! :D"
19.6;W;Kulasekara to Jhye Richardson, OUT bowled'em. Kulaseakara closes the innings with a wicket. Very full on the leg stump, kisses the pad and hits the stumps. Richardson does not connect with the wild slog. He bags a golden duck on debut. Three wickets in four balls from Kulasekara;Jhye Richardson b Kulasekara 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.5;W;Kulasekara to Tye, OUT appeal for lbw, Simon Fry now raises his finger. Full and swerves in to beat the inside edge - Tye was looking to work it across the line - traps him in front of leg. But I guess this was heading down leg;Andrew Tye lbw b Kulasekara 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
19.4;4lb;Kulasekara to Tye, 4 leg byes leg-stump ball, deflected away off the pad very fine of Malinga at long leg. He slides in vain. Four leg byes;
19.3;W;Kulasekara to Cummins, OUT Kulasekara can bowl yorkers too. Yorker, tails in late into the leg stump. Pings the toe and disturbs the leg stump. Too good for a lower-order batsman. It would have even dismissed a top-order batsman;Pat Cummins b Kulasekara 3 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
19.2;1;Kulasekara to Henriques, 1 run uses his feet, meets a half-volley and slices to point. Straight to the man;
19.1;2;Kulasekara to Henriques, 2 runs very full on the leg stump, pushed down to long-on, they take on Kapu's arm for two;
18.6;2;Malinga to Cummins, 2 runs full on the stumps, dragged to wide long-on;
18.5;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run 118ks slower and outside off, the batsman uses his feet and carves to point;
18.4;1;Malinga to Cummins, 1 run 118.8ks dipping full-toss, tapped away past Malinga's left. He hunts the ball down. Nearly connects with a direct hit;
18.3;W;Malinga to Paine, OUT Malinga implores, Paine given out lbw. Another slower full ball from Malinga. Dips in front of Paine, who was shaping up for a cute little scoop over Dickwella's head. He is pinned in front. Second wicket for Malinga. It was crashing into leg stump. The ball looped off the pad into the gloves of the keeper;Tim Paine lbw b Malinga 7 (9m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 175;
18.2;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run 118.3ks, slower dipping leg-stump yorker, squeezed back to the bowler;
18.1;2;Malinga to Henriques, 2 runs full on middle and leg, flicked through midwicket. Rushes back for the second and acknowledges his fifty, which was boosted Australia;
17.6;2;Sanjaya to Paine, 2 runs slower incutter from the front of the hand, the batsman waits for the ball to arrive and works to leg;
17.5;1;Sanjaya to Henriques, 1 run Henriques comes down the track and is cramped for room. He manages to push the ball to long-on. Just a single;
17.4;1;Sanjaya to Paine, 1 run back of a length and outside off, opens the bat-face and glides to point;
17.3;4;Sanjaya to Paine, FOUR runs half-volley outside off, chipped in the air to the left of long-off. What a way to get off the mark, Paine. He fell for a duck without facing a ball in the previous game;
17.2;1;Sanjaya to Henriques, 1 run short and outside off, dragged to deep midwicket;
17.1;6;Sanjaya to Henriques, SIX runs slower short ball on off stump, hip-high ball, moves back and swats it powerfully over midwicket;
16.6;W;Malinga to Faulkner, OUT 114.1ks slower dipping yorker from Malinga. How does he do that? Slings in on middle, dips and kisses the front pad. Nogajski rules him out. Hotspot picks up an inside edge. Faulkner has to go, though;James Faulkner lbw b Malinga 1 (4m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
16.5;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run full and sliding into the leg stump, edged away towards point;
16.4;2;Malinga to Henriques, 2 runs full cutter on off, nudged away to midwicket;
16.3;4;Malinga to Henriques, FOUR runs Henriques gallops down the track. Malinga digs it into the middle of the pitch. Slammed away over the top. Up and over extra-cover, beats long-off to his left;
16.2;2;Malinga to Henriques, 2 runs short of a length and outside off, thrashes a cut to sweeper cover;
16.1;1;Malinga to Faulkner, 1 run slower short ball outside off, dinked with soft hands to point;
15.6;W;Prasanna to Turner, OUT Excellent catch from Siriwardana at long-off. Starkly contrasts with those drops from Kapu and Munaweera. Tossed up and spins away outside off, Turner flat-bats this legbreak in the air. Siriwardana moves swiftly to his right, dives across, and snaps it up;Ashton Turner c Siriwardana b Prasanna 7 (7m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
15.5;3;Prasanna to Henriques, 3 runs fired outside off, spins away, catches the outside edge and sneaks away fine of short third man. Three runs. Another example of good running from this pair;
15.4;1;Prasanna to Turner, 1 run full-toss outside off, hacked away to wide long-on;
15.3;2;Prasanna to Turner, 2 runs fuller legbreak outside off, forced away wide of point;
15.2;2;Prasanna to Turner, 2 runs dug in short and outside off, skips back and square-cuts it away for a couple. Good running;
15.1;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run full and outside off, slogged away to deep midwicket;
14.6;1;Kulasekara to Henriques, 1 run full and outside off, gets forward and pushes through the off side again;
14.5;1;Kulasekara to Turner, 1 run pitched up and outside off, driven through the covers;
14.4;1;Kulasekara to Henriques, 1 run slower back of a length ball on off, nudged square of short fine leg for one;
14.3;1;Kulasekara to Turner, 1 run short of a length and outside off, stabs an inside edge for one;
14.2;W;Kulasekara to Head, OUT The drop costs Sri Lanka nothing. Munaweera will be relieved. Length and angling away outside off, bounces at the batsman. Head simply steers it into the gloves of Dickwella;Travis Head c ?Dickwella b Kulasekara 4 (6m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
14.1;2;Kulasekara to Head, 2 runs Munaweera misjudges a skier at short third man. Good length and angling away outside off, Head eyes up a leg-side slog and ends up top-edging it into the sky. Munaweera at short third man turns to his left instead of turning to his right and Sri Lanka drop another catch. Think Munaweera did not even get his hand to it. Their fielding is going to pieces;
13.6;2;Sanjaya to Henriques, 2 runs short of a length on off, punched away to wide long-on, where Asela fumbles now;
13.6;1w;Sanjaya to Henriques, 1 wide floated full and outside off, slower one past the tramline. Off-side wide;
13.5;1;Sanjaya to Head, 1 run full and outside off, driven on the front foot to the left of extra cover. Prasanna swoops down on the ball but can't under-arm it onto the stumps. Had he hit Head would have been caught short;
13.4;1;Sanjaya to Henriques, 1 run short of a length on off, hops and jabs the ball in the direction of square leg;
13.3;1;Sanjaya to Head, 1 run back of a length on off, Head drops it straight to point and sets off. Henriques responded quickly too;
13.2;W;Sanjaya to Klinger, OUT a big appeal for caught behind from the bowler and the keeper. Nogajski takes his own sweet time and then raises his finger. Good length and outside off, Klinger reaches out with his hands, swishes and snicks behind. The snicko detects the outside edge. End of a sluggish knock from Klinger;Michael Klinger c ?Dickwella b Sanjaya 43 (60m 37b 2x4 1x6) SR: 116.21;
13.1;2;Sanjaya to Klinger, 2 runs short and wide outside off, cut to the left of sweeper cover;
12.6;4;Malinga to Henriques, FOUR runs Kapugedara drops it running to his right at long-on. What's more? The ball plonks behind to the boundary. Slower full ball on the off stump, Henriques skips out and skies a loft. He was hoodwinked by the lack of pace. Kapu runs across and makes a royal mess of it in the deep;
12.5;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run 113.8ks back of a length on off, the batsman was waiting on the back foot for it. Clipped through square leg;
12.4;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run 112.5ks slower full ball on middle and leg, worked along the ground to deep midwicket;
12.3;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run shortish and outside off, leans back and cuts to point;
12.2;1;Malinga to Henriques, 1 run length and outside off, whipped away to deep midwicket;
12.1;?;Malinga to Henriques, no run slower ball, 113ks, grips and cuts away outside off, beats the groping bat;
11.6;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run flatter and speared outside off, a back-foot force to cover ensures;
11.5;?;Prasanna to Henriques, no run slower and dips outside off, Henriques can't get close to the pitch. He slogs and drags an inside edge to short fine leg;
11.4;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run pitched up and outside off, eased to long-off;
11.3;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run slower and angled in on off, then turns, the batsman gets forward and plays it back to the bowler;
11.2;4;Prasanna to Klinger, FOUR runs lobbed up very full and outside off, Klinger lays into a drive, and sends the ball clattering away to the left of the covers;
11.1;2;Prasanna to Klinger, 2 runs short legbreak outside off, slashes a cut to the left of sweeper cover;
10.6;6;Gunaratne to Henriques, SIX runs Henriques shuffles across off, fetches a length ball and dumps it over square leg with a slog-sweep;
10.5;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run another floaty offcutter, shortish, whipped away on the back foot to deep midwicket;
10.4;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run hung up in the air outside off, 86ks, forced away to long-on;
10.3;?;Gunaratne to Henriques, no run even shorter, incutter, sticks in the surface. He attempts a flick and inside-edges it onto the pad;
10.2;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run back of a length offcutter just outside off, whipped away towards deep square leg;
10.1;6;Gunaratne to Klinger, SIX runs Klinger breaks free. Slower cutter outside off, he gets inside the line and laps it away fine of long leg for a six. Clears the short boundary;
9.6;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run half-tracker on middle, Klinger still can't get going. Skips back and pulls to deep midwicket;
9.5;2;Prasanna to Klinger, 2 runs another turning legbreak, this is short in length. Square-cut to deep point;
9.4;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run short and outside off, laced off the back foot to long-off;
9.3;?;Prasanna to Henriques, no run turning legbreak outside off, why was Sandakan left out? what was Zampa left out? Slashes and misses as the ball slides past the bottom edge;
9.2;2;Prasanna to Henriques, 2 runs slower legbreak thrown up wide outside off as Henriques steps out early. He is forced to reach out and slice it away between point and cover;
9.1;?;Prasanna to Henriques, no run dug short and outside off, goes back and forces the ball to cover;
8.6;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run Asela dives to his right, but the ball evades his outstretched right hand. Full and sticks in the surface, lobbed past the bowler;
8.5;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run floated up outside off, flicked away nicely into the vacant spaces at midwicket;
8.4;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run length ball, floated on off, punched down the pitch past the bowler's right;
8.3;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run length and outside off, dragged with a slog-sweep to deep midwicket;
8.2;2;Gunaratne to Klinger, 2 runs loopier and outside off, waits the ball to arrive, and then chips it up and over the covers;
8.1;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run floated up outside off, whipped on the back foot through midwicket. They aim two, some miscommunication between the wickets. No harm done for the hosts. They settle with one in the end;
7.6;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run back of a length and outside off, angles his bat and chops to backward point;
7.5;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run shorter and slides in with the arm outside off, Henriques forces to long-on on the back foot;
7.4;1;Prasanna to Klinger, 1 run skiddy legbreak outside off, sits back and punches in the gap at the covers;
7.3;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run shorter and spins away outside off, Klinger skips back, cuts, and can't beat point. He hasn't got going;
7.2;?;Prasanna to Klinger, no run tossed-up legbreak outside off, played with the turn to point with soft hands;
7.1;1;Prasanna to Henriques, 1 run full and outside off, eased through the covers on the front foot;
6.6;?;Gunaratne to Klinger, no run floated on off, 86ks, patted to point inching forward. Just four off the over;
6.5;1;Gunaratne to Henriques, 1 run slower incutter, slower than the previous ball, 87ks, takes the inside edge and rolls away just wide of leg stump. Henriques played early and got away;
6.4;W;Gunaratne to Dunk, OUT bowled'em. Just 88ks, the lack of pace does 'em in. Looks like another slower cutter, dips, creating distance between the bat and the pitch. Dunk aims a big swipe and does not touch it. Asela kisses the off stump;Ben Dunk b Gunaratne 32 (20m 14b 3x4 3x6) SR: 228.57;
6.3;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run slower cutter outside off, Klinger chops it more or less straight to point. He aims for a quick single, Dunk responds . He dishes out a full-length dive and is safe. Dunk is in by the time the keeper collects the throw and swipes the bails off;
6.2;1;Gunaratne to Dunk, 1 run full on the stumps, which is slapped away through the covers;
6.1;1;Gunaratne to Klinger, 1 run back of a length and angled in on off, clipped to deep square leg;
5.6;6;Munaweera to Dunk, SIX runs half-tracker on leg or outside leg, Dunk ventures deep in the crease and swats a pull over midwicket for his third six in four balls. 22 off the last over of the Powerplay. And just like that Australia have scooted to 60;
5.5;?;Munaweera to Dunk, no run 99.5ks, skids on middle, gets forward and pushes to cover;
5.4;6;Munaweera to Dunk, SIX runs Dunk goes downtown now. Tossed up and outside off, Dunk moves away outside leg again. He smashes it disdainfully over the long-off fence. This Munaweera experiment has backfired for SL;
5.3;6;Munaweera to Dunk, SIX runs Dunk makes room outside leg, opens up the off side. Takes this length ball from outside off and launches it over cover for a six;
5.2;?;Munaweera to Dunk, no run straight ball, which is drilled to mid-off;
5.1;4;Munaweera to Dunk, FOUR runs short dart outside off, nearly 100ks, not much turn. Dunk hangs back and slashes it over the top of point. Evades the outstretched arm;
4.6;2;Sanjaya to Klinger, 2 runs picked off the pads through backward square leg. Good Powerplay for Sri Lanka so far;
4.5;1;Sanjaya to Dunk, 1 run back of a length and skids onto rap the thigh as Dunk does not connect with a pull. The ball rolls square on the off side;
4.4;4;Sanjaya to Dunk, FOUR runs Duck backs away outside off, full and wide outside off, scythed away over cover. Klinger pats Dunk on the back;
4.3;1;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 run length ball, angled in, dropped to point and Klinger rushes off to the other end. Puts pressure on the fielder. Kapu, I think, runs in and fumbles;
4.2;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run Klinger uses his feet and aims to scythe it through the off side. This one seams away and whistles past the outside edge;
4.1;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run full and outside off, Klinger drives crisply but can't beat Mendis at extra-cover. The off-side ring is well populated;
3.6;?;Kulasekara to Dunk, no run back of a length, starts on off and skirts away past the outside edge. Bad start, but good finish to the over from Kulasekara;
3.5;4;Kulasekara to Dunk, FOUR runs Dunk runs down the track, Kulasekara pulls his length back. Dunk says no problem and shovels it away with the bottom hand in the gap at midwicket. Skips away to the boundary;
3.4;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run full and outside off, opens the bat-face and dinks it to point;
3.3;4;Kulasekara to Klinger, FOUR runs short and outside off, the shot was on. Width on offer, he cracks a cut between backward point and cover;
3.2;?;Kulasekara to Klinger, no run shortish and outside off, chopped to point again;
3.1;2;Kulasekara to Klinger, 2 runs Klinger hares down the track, Kulasekara drags his length back outside off. Klinger does not have enough room for the cut. Drags an inside edge past the leg stump;
3.1;1w;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 wide full and drifting down leg for another leg-side wide;
2.6;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run wicket-to-wicket line, Dunk presses forward and pats it to mid-off. Impressive over first-up from Sanjaya;
2.5;?;Sanjaya to Dunk, no run short of a length on middle, played back to the bowler;
2.4;W;Sanjaya to Finch, OUT No fireworks from Finch in front of his home fans. Sanjaya has his man. Good length ball, angled in and kicks up at the batsman again. Finch is early into the shot, looking to work to leg. He jumps off the ground, and ends up lobbing a return catch. This surface has something in it for the seamers;Aaron Finch c & b Sanjaya 12 (14m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 120;
2.3;?;Sanjaya to Finch, no run Finch has a wry smile. Length and outside off, it jumps from there, thuds into the splice of the bat. Hangs in the air before dropping in front of Mendis at cover;
2.2;1;Sanjaya to Klinger, 1 run full, angled into the right-hander, and then shapes away, opening 'em up. Swing for Sanjaya. Wafted towards point;
2.1;?;Sanjaya to Klinger, no run back of a length and outside off, chopped to extra-cover;
1.6;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run shorter and ducks back in from outside off, some extra bounce too for Kulasekara. Finch jumps off the ground and punchily plays to the covers;
1.5;?;Kulasekara to Finch, no run slightly back of a length and outside off, Finch chops to point;
1.4;4;Kulasekara to Finch, FOUR runs length ball, angled in, too straight, Finch gets inside the line and twirls his wrists, sending the ball away to the right of deep square leg;
1.3;2;Kulasekara to Finch, 2 runs back of a length and outside off, carved away in the air to the left of point and to the right of third man;
1.2;2;Kulasekara to Finch, 2 runs uppish and this slashed away to the left of backward point. Back of a length and outside off, cut away;
1.1;1;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 run good length ball on off, tip-and-run single in front of cover;
1.1;1w;Kulasekara to Klinger, 1 wide wayward start from Kulasekara. Full and angling down leg, wide;
0.6;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run 117.6ks, slower dipping yorker, on off stump, that's a Malinga special. Klinger squirts it back down the pitch;
0.5;1lb;Malinga to Finch, 1 leg bye veering onto the pads, 133ks, Finch misses the flick, the ball rolls away to short fine leg;
0.4;4;Malinga to Finch, FOUR runs uppish but through the gap at the covers. Just short of a good length and swings away outside off, Finch is up on his tippy toes as he punches it away;
0.3;?;Malinga to Finch, no run short of a length and outside off, 132ks, Finch gently defends back to the bowler;
0.2;1;Malinga to Klinger, 1 run short of a length on middle and leg, glanced away to long leg;
0.1;?;Malinga to Klinger, no run back of a length and outside off, 129.7ks, leans back and chops the ball straight to point;

7.20pm Finch and Klinger make their way out to the middle. Injury robbed Lasith Malinga of the chance to contribute to Sri Lanka's World Twenty20 last year. He is now charting his path to the Champions Trophy. He had a good workout on return, claiming two wickets and two catches at the MCG.
Malinga runs in from over the stumps with a slip in position. Klinger to face the first ball
DanielAlexander: "Sri Lanka's T20I record Last 3 T20Is - WWW Last 4 T20Is in Australia - WWWW Last 2 T20I series in Australia - WW"
6.55pm Sri Lanka captain Upul Tharanga wins the toss and chooses to bowl again.
Australia XI: Finch (c), Klinger, Dunk, Head, Henriques, Turner, Paine (wk), Faulkner, Cummins, Tye, Richardson
So, Stanlake, who took a pasting in the first T20I, has been left out. Zampa too misses out. Now, that's a surprise (at least to me). Spin was effective on the same pitch in the Women's T20I between Australia and New Zealand earlier this afternoon. Offspinner Anna Peterson claimed a hat-trick in the last over to help NZ defend a D-L target of 70. Dunk gets a look-in.
Sri Lanka XI: Dickwella, Tharanga, Munaweera, Gunaratne, Siriwardana, Kapugedara, Prasanna, Malinga, Kulasekara, Kusal Mendis, Sanjaya
Kusal Mendis comes in for Lakshan Sandakan. Both teams boosting their batting at the expense of a bowler
Navoda : "I don't see any logic behind replacing Sandakan with Kusal Mendis. SL should have stuck on to the same XI which played the 1st T20"
Surath: "WHAT? No Zampa? I don't believe this! He was the only bowler who troubled the Sri Lankans in the last game. Aussies had no issues in the batting dept. last game but their bowling was the concern as they could not restrict Sri Lankans. And they drop their best bowler in a must-win game."
Surath: "Richardson will be handy today and he should replace Stanlake. Pace on the ball, though, could help Sri Lanka."
6.45pm Australia hand an international debut to Perth Scorchers fast bowler Jhye Richardson. He is the fourth T20 debutant for Australia this series, after Klinger, Stanlake, and Turner.
6.40pm It was raining in Geelong earlier, but the covers are off now.
muneeb: "Is there any chance of rain?"
6.20pm Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It's time to roll out the red carpet for Kardinia Park's debut as an international venue in Geelong. Aaron Finch needs to rally the team in front of his home crowd if Australia are to force the series into a decider in Adelaide. For Sri Lanka this is a chance to secure their third successive T20 series win in Australia.
 Innings Start
11pm Phew, look the celebrations in the Sri Lanka camp. Asela sets off on a celebratory sprint. His team-mates finally track him down and mob him. SL slid to 40 for 5. They needed 79 off the last seven overs, and 48 off the last three. Asela said no problem and caught fire, lacing three successive sixes off Henriques and then muscling three boundaries in the last over off Tye to seal a stunning last-ball win for the visitors.
Asela Gunaratne, Man of the Match [he is really shy to talk]: It is a very happy moment.
Finch: When you got an in-batter in it is tough. That was one hell of an innings. I thought the way we bowled in the middle was outstanding. When you have a good player in good form, they hurt you. Sri Lanka played very well there. Take nothing away from them. We have been on the receiving end again. The series is gone, hopefully we can salvage something in Adelaide.
Tharanga: Asela's was an amazing innings. Even in South Africa he has done well. We lost too many wickets early but Asela finished the game for us. Winning in Australia is a huge achievement. This is Asela's first tour to Australia and we are happy.
Uwaisul Karnain: "Very well Played Asela, now sit back and watch the IPL Auction tomorrow!"
HSR: "Right before IPL auction, AG Presenting his strong case."
Karthik: "Two nail bitters in one day #NZvsSA #AUSvsSL. Can't take anymore. "
Must Hamid: "Highest Scorer with the Bat and Most Expensive with the Bowl for His Team... What a day it was for Henriques !!"
Silva: "one should not forget Kapu's contribution at a-run-a-ball which helped stabilise the innings!"
SamSL: "Asela's inning can be one of the best T20I innings from a Sri Lankan ever...."
That is all we have for you from this thriller. Hope you enjoyed this game as much as we did bringing it to you. Thanks for tuning in. Do comeback for the final T20 in Adelaide. Until next time, ciao.
19.6;4;Tye to Gunaratne, FOUR runs Asela Gunaratne wins it for Sri Lanka. He does it in style! For the second time in three days Sri Lanka secure a last-ball win. They secure their third successive T20 series win in Australia. Seam-up length ball outside off, Asela backs away outside leg and hammers it over cover to spark wild celebrations in the Sri Lankan camp;
19.5;1;Tye to Malinga, 1 run short of a length on middle, seam-up ball, Malinga hangs back and shovel-pulls over midwicket. There is protection in the deep. There was probably two on offer, SL settle with one. Over to Asela;
19.4;1;Tye to Gunaratne, 1 run very full and on off, whipped away to deep square leg. Sri Lanka settle with one;
19.3;6;Tye to Gunaratne, SIX runs Asela clears mid-off, again. Goes all the way. Good length and outside off, hoisted flat over the fielder. What a key strike;
19.2;4;Tye to Gunaratne, FOUR runs full-toss on off stump, Asela lifts it over mid-off who is inside the circle. Tye erred in length and was punished;
19.1;W;Tye to Kulasekara, OUT Kulasekara holes out. Has he crossed over to the other end? Knuckle ball, slow and outside off, Kula aims to go over cover. He only toe-ends it into the air. Klinger completes a fine overhead catch at extra-cover;Nuwan Kulasekara c Klinger b Tye 12 (19m 8b 2x4 0x6) SR: 150;
18.6;4;Henriques to Gunaratne, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, Asela makes sweet connection again. Lofts it flat over cover now. 22 runs off the over;
18.5;?;Henriques to Gunaratne, no run slower offcutter outside off, Asela swipes early and misses. Beaten by the change of pace;
18.4;6;Henriques to Gunaratne, SIX runs three sixes in a row for Asela. Length ball on off stump, Asela short-arm swats it over square leg now. The exploded from the middle of the bat. He is keeping SL alive in the chase;
18.3;6;Henriques to Gunaratne, SIX runs back of a length and outside off, wrong length again. Asela clears his front leg again, slamming it high over midwicket;
18.2;6;Henriques to Gunaratne, SIX runs pretty full and outside off, Asela lines this up, clears his front leg, and lofts it over cover for a six. Clean swing, back-to-back fifties for Asela;
18.1;?;Henriques to Gunaratne, no run very full on off, Asela wants to smite this over midwicket. He only manages an inside edge onto the pad. The shot was on, the execution was bad with Asela losing his shape;
17.6;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run slower ball outside leg following the batsman, gloved behind to the keeper;
17.5;1;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run dropped short and outside off, Kulasekara hammers it away to deep cover;
17.4;4;Faulkner to Kulasekara, FOUR runs Kulasekara backs away outside leg, Faulkner follows him with a fullish ball. Deflected fine on the leg side for four;
17.3;4;Faulkner to Kulasekara, FOUR runs Kulasekara sits back deep in the crease, this is really full on off. Kulasekara gets under it and lofts it over cover;
17.2;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run Asela ventures across off stump, takes a back of a length ball on the leg stump and swats it away to deep square leg;
17.1;1;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run slower yorker on the leg stump, back of the hand ball, the batsman backs away, and jams to cover;
16.6;1;Tye to Kulasekara, 1 run full-toss on off stump, Kulasekara aims a loft but toe-ends it in front of long-on;
16.5;?;Tye to Kulasekara, no run 110ks very slow and outside off, Kula is through with the big shot well before the ball arrived;
16.4;1;Tye to Gunaratne, 1 run fullish and on off, Asela eyes up the leg side with a big swipe, the ball takes the bottom edge and wanders away to fine leg;
16.3;2;Tye to Gunaratne, 2 runs full offcutter outside off or the knuckle ball, sliced it off the outside half over backward point;
16.2;?;Tye to Gunaratne, no run short and wide outside off past the tramline, not called a wide. Faulkner gets away. That was left alone by Asela;
16.1;?;Tye to Gunaratne, no run full, a yorker in fact on off, jammed onto the pitch;
15.6;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run Asela is floored. He backs away outside leg, Faulkner goes very full and wide outside off. The batsman reaches out, loses his balance, tumbles but gets it fine on the off side;
15.5;1;Faulkner to Kulasekara, 1 run slower full-toss on the leg stump, which is punched away to wide long-on;
15.4;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run Asela shows his ace early by stepping away outside leg. Faulkner chases him with a shortish ball, which is flapped away to midwicket;
15.3;?;Faulkner to Gunaratne, no run slower ball, 111.1ks, jumps over the stumps as Asela backs away and misses;
15.2;W;Faulkner to Prasanna, OUT Holes out to Head at long leg running in and sliding on his knees. Throat-high short ball, seam-up, cramps Prasanna for room. He attempts another hook and falls this time with Head gulping down the top edge;Seekkuge Prasanna c Head b Faulkner 7 (16m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 77.77;
15.1;4;Faulkner to Prasanna, FOUR runs short ball on the leg stump, probably the back of the hand slower one. Asela lines it up and pulls away fine of long leg. Fine start to the over for Sri Lanka;
14.6;1;Henriques to Prasanna, 1 run back of a length and angled in, knocked towards square leg;
14.6;1w;Henriques to Prasanna, 1 wide;
14.5;?;Henriques to Prasanna, no run back of a length and thuds into the splice of the bat before dropping on the pitch;
14.4;1;Henriques to Gunaratne, 1 run bail-high short ball on off, swiped away more or less straight to midwicket;
14.3;?;Henriques to Gunaratne, no run Asela dashes down the track. This is short and wide outside off. He is forced to reach out for the ball, but can't touch it;
14.3;2w;Henriques to Prasanna, 2 wide full cutter drifting down leg, off the thigh and rolls to the keeper. Given as a wide, though;
14.2;?;Henriques to Prasanna, no run short and outside off, rears off the deck, beats the ugly swish;
14.1;?;Henriques to Prasanna, no run full on off, played back to the bowler;
13.6;2;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, 2 runs short and outside off, guided down to third man for two;
13.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Prasanna, 1 run length and outside off, jabbed into the covers;
13.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, 1 run fullish and outside off, helped down to third man;
13.3;4;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, FOUR runs Asela beats Dunk again, this time to his left. Short and fast on middle, pulled away. Dunk can't even get his finger-tips to the ball;
13.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, SIX runs length and outside off, Asela shuffles across, gets inside the line and pulls over the short fine leg fence. The fielder was very square;
13.1;1lb;Jhye Richardson to Prasanna, 1 leg bye;
12.6;1;Cummins to Prasanna, 1 run dug short and outside off, slashed away to deep third man again;
12.6;1w;Cummins to Prasanna, 1 wide 136.8ks bouncer outside off, flies off the deck, beats the hook. Too high. Wide;
12.5;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run slower short ball outside off, shovel-pulled away to long leg;
12.4;?;Cummins to Gunaratne, no run back of a length and fizzes over the stumps, backs away, cuts and misses;
12.3;W;Cummins to Kapugedera, OUT Well-judged catch from Dunk running across to his right from mid-off and completing an overhead catch. Good length ball on middle and off, Kapu looks to loft it over the fielder. He does not time it well enough as the bat twists in his hands;Chamara Kapugedera c Dunk b Cummins 32 (35m 32b 4x4 0x6) SR: 100;
12.2;?;Cummins to Kapugedera, no run Cummins rolls his fingers across this slower short ball. Kapu slashes early and misses the front of the hand offcutter;
12.1;4;Cummins to Kapugedera, FOUR runs slower short ball outside off, slashes hard and sends a big top edge to the right of Paine;
11.6;2;Henriques to Gunaratne, 2 runs short and outside off, backs away outside leg and upper-cuts it to third man;
11.5;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run slightly back of a length and outside of, dabs a cut to third man;
11.4;?;Henriques to Kapugedera, no run shortish and outside off, chopped out to point;
11.3;?;Henriques to Kapugedera, no run short and kicks up outside off, beats the swish outside off. Bounces up and over the swinging bat;
11.2;1;Henriques to Gunaratne, 1 run seam-up length ball outside off, ventures across off, misses a shovel-pull and takes it on the thigh;
11.1;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run slower short ball on the off stump, nails a pull to deep midwicket;
10.6;2;Tye to Gunaratne, 2 runs legcutter short and wide outside off, slashed away to deep point for one;
10.5;4;Tye to Gunaratne, FOUR runs 106ks legcutter outside off, Asela swivels on the back foot, reads the slower one and pulls it in the air square of short fine leg;
10.4;1;Tye to Kapugedera, 1 run slower and short outside off, guided with soft hands to point;
10.3;?;Tye to Kapugedera, no run another offcutter, from the front of the hand, 109ks, dips late and beats the swish;
10.2;2;Tye to Kapugedera, 2 runs slower back of the hand slower ball, legcutter, Kapu swings early and skews it in the air to the right of long-on;
10.1;?;Tye to Kapugedera, no run very full on middle, moves in, stays back and whips straight to midwicket;
9.6;1;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 1 run dug short and outside off, pulled firmly to deep midwicket on the back foot;
9.5;?;Faulkner to Kapugedera, no run offcutter, pitched on leg stump and goes over the top of off. Beaten;
9.4;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run another short ball on off, which is pulled in the direction of deep square;
9.3;1;Faulkner to Kapugedera, 1 run length ball on off, dabbed with soft hands towards point;
9.2;4;Faulkner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs fractionally short on the off stump, Asela picks it up and flicks over midwicket. Turner expected the ball to move further to his right, it doesn't, and he is beaten to his left as the ball skips away to the boundary;
9.1;1;Faulkner to Gunaratne, 1 run hip-high short ball on the leg stump, Asela hangs back and shovels it away to deep square leg;
8.6;?;Cummins to Kapugedera, no run 116.7ks slower ball outside off, Kapu had no clue about this. Swinging early and missing;
8.5;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run pitched up on middle, Asela rolls his wrists and clips it away with the angle to deep square leg;
8.4;1;Cummins to Kapugedera, 1 run 118.2ks slower short ball outside off, cut away behind square on the off side;
8.3;1;Cummins to Gunaratne, 1 run very full on off, whipped away stylishly to deep square leg;
8.2;1;Cummins to Kapugedera, 1 run mighty full on off stump, shovelled away to wide long-on;
8.1;?;Cummins to Kapugedera, no run length and outside off, guides to point;
7.6;1;Turner to Kapugedera, 1 run length ball offbreak, punched down to long-on;
7.5;4;Turner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs looped up and outside off, gets forward and drills it straight over the bowler's head for another boundary;
7.4;?;Turner to Kapugedera, no run;
7.3;4;Turner to Kapugedera, FOUR runs slides on flatter and faster outside off, Kapu goes low and drags a hard sweep to the square leg boundary;
7.2;1lb;Turner to Gunaratne, 1 leg bye skids on outside off, no turn, Asela plays across the line and is hit on the pad outside off;
7.1;1;Turner to Kapugedera, 1 run dragged down outside off, pulled over midwicket, the protection is at the deep;
6.6;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run very full and slow outside off, firmly driven on the front foot to cover, where there is a fumble;
6.5;1;Henriques to Gunaratne, 1 run length ball just outside off, opens the face and eases a single down to third man;
6.4;1;Henriques to Kapugedera, 1 run off-stump yorker, angled down towards third man;
6.3;1;Henriques to Gunaratne, 1 run back of a length on off, stays back and clips towards midwicket;
6.2;2;Henriques to Gunaratne, 2 runs leg-stump ball, kisses the pad and rolls away fine past the keeper. Oh, he had managed an inside edge onto the pad;
6.1;?;Henriques to Gunaratne, no run 111ks offcutter on off, Asela gets a taste of his own medicine. Worked with soft hands to midwicket;
5.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kapugedera, no run back of a length and slower outside off, glided off the face to point;
5.5;1;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, 1 run slower full ball outside off, the batsman picks it, opens the face and runs it down to third man with soft hands;
5.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Kapugedera, 1 run 140.5ks, good length and angled in on middle, dabbed towards mid-on;
5.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, 1 run 139.6ks, back of a length and outside off, cushioned into the covers with soft hands;
5.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Kapugedera, 1 run just short of a good length and outside off, chopped away to deep point;
5.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kapugedera, no run back of a length and kicks up outside off, takes the edge near the top of the bat but does not carry to Finch at slip. This guy is hitting the deck hard. Kapu wrings his hands in pain;
4.6;?;Tye to Gunaratne, no run full and just a shade outside off, defended back to the bowler;
4.5;1;Tye to Kapugedera, 1 run full and angled in on off, worked away towards square leg. Kapu collides with Tye, the bowler isn't pleased;
4.4;?;Tye to Kapugedera, no run back of a length and outside off, Kapu lets it go;
4.3;W;Tye to Siriwardana, OUT Two wickets in two balls for Tye. Another batsman has been bounced out. Back of a length and jumps at Siriwardana, cramping him for room. He cuts tamely, and finds backward point;Milinda Siriwardana c Turner b Tye 0 (2m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
4.2;W;Tye to Munaweera, OUT length ball on off, bursts off the deck and leaves Munaweera in a tangle. Chest-high ball, Munaweera throws his gloves in front of his face. The ball takes the glove and Paine grabs another smart catch to his right. SL four down for 40;Dilshan Munaweera c ?Paine b Tye 10 (22m 4b 1x4 1x6) SR: 250;
4.2;1w;Tye to Munaweera, 1 wide;
4.1;6;Tye to Munaweera, SIX runs short ball on the leg stump, pulled flat and hard over short fine leg for six. These boundaries are pretty short;
3.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, FOUR runs back of a length and outside off, 142ks, Asela, having backed away outside leg, flat-bats it fiercely through cover;
3.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, 2 runs 139.8ks, hits the deck hard, takes the outside edge and rolls away towards point;
3.4;?;Jhye Richardson to Gunaratne, no run length ball on off, defended back to the bowler;
3.3;W;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, OUT Third-ball wicket for Richardson on debut. His team-mates mess his hair up. Back of a length and outside off, skids through in the corridor. Mendis swishes a long way away from hid body and nicks it behind. The outside edge flies to the right of Paine. He stretches across and completes a fine catch;Kusal Mendis c ?Paine b Richardson 5 (6m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 71.42;
3.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, no run back of a length on off, that one hurried onto Mendis, who aimed to open the bat-face and punch to cover. The ball squirts away;
3.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Mendis, no run back of a length and angled in, 140.8ks, played back to the bowler;
2.6;1;Faulkner to Mendis, 1 run;
2.5;2;Faulkner to Mendis, 2 runs dug in short and outside off, pulled away to deep square leg. Tye hunts the ball down, slides on his stomach and makes a smart save. Just two runs;
2.4;2;Faulkner to Mendis, 2 runs dragged short and wide outside off, scythed away to deep point;
2.3;?;Faulkner to Mendis, no run shortish on middle and leg, Mendis is tucked up for room. Played back to the bowler;
2.2;W;Faulkner to Dickwella, OUT Dickwella attempts the scoop and the ball balloons into the gloves of the keeper. It bounces more than Dickwella expected. He pre-meditates, going low, and attempting to dink it over his shoulder. The ball misses the bat, misses the glove, grazes the shoulder on its way to Paine;Niroshan Dickwella c ?Paine b Faulkner 14 (13m 8b 3x4 0x6) SR: 175;
2.1;?;Faulkner to Dickwella, no run Dickwells steps away outside leg again, short and outside off. He nearly dragged it back onto the stumps, attempting a cut;
1.6;4;Cummins to Munaweera, FOUR runs back of a length on middle, backs away outside leg and smears it over cover-point;
1.5;1;Cummins to Dickwella, 1 run 121ks short slower ball on middle, backs away and glides it to point. A direct hit at the striker's end could have had Dickwella. He plonked his bat onto the turf and it got jarred. Dickwella escapes;
1.4;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs shortish and zings onto the batsman, 143ks, Dickwella is beaten for pace. He hooks and sends a top-edge flying over the keeper now;
1.3;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs Dickwella moves away outside leg, dug short and cramps Dickwella. He manages to upper-cut it wide of backward point;
1.2;?;Cummins to Dickwella, no run length ball on leg stump, steps away outside leg and plays a jabbing punch to cover;
1.1;4;Cummins to Dickwella, FOUR runs back of a length and angling away outside off, 139ks. Bounces at Dickwella. He jumps outside leg and slashes it over the top of slip. The outside edge flies away;
0.6;?;Turner to Munaweera, no run pushed through outside off, another arm ball, Munaweera wafts and misses searching for the turn;
0.5;W;Turner to Upul Tharanga, OUT Turner strikes in his first over. Arm ball on middle, no turn. Tharanga slogs it in the air and offers catching practice to debutant Richardson at deep midwicket. Just two fielders outside the ring and Tharanga picked out Richardson to perfection;Upul Tharanga c Richardson b Turner 4 (4m 4b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
0.4;?;Turner to Upul Tharanga, no run Tharanga steps away outside leg, the bowler follows him and cramps him. Chopped to cover;
0.3;4;Turner to Upul Tharanga, FOUR runs floaty full ball outside off, Tharanga steps out and lifts it nice and clean over mid-off;
0.2;?;Turner to Upul Tharanga, no run tossed up and angled in on middle, played back to the bowler;
0.1;1;Turner to Dickwella, 1 run Dickwella uses his feet, does not meet this full-toss coming from around the wicket, hits the front pad, heading down leg;

9.15pm Welcome back. Tharanga and Dickwella are Sri Lanka's openers. Turner with the new ball for Australia.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
2nd T20I (N), Geelong, Feb 19 2017, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
173
176/8
Player of the match is Asela Gunaratne, SL
Sri Lanka won by 2 wickets
