Data
4.30pm Joe Burns on strike. Vishwa Fernando with the new ball. We're ready to go again
For all the talk of the surface taking turn, it's the pace of Starc that's done the trick for Australia, Sri Lanka had their moments, especially in the hour after lunch when Mendis and Mathews took the attack to the visitors. But Mendis' dismissal for 86 somewhat turned the tide as Australia kept chipping away. Make no mistake, this is still a fighting score and Sri Lanka's spinners will definitely have a major say as the game progresses. Australia will have to bat out 14 overs. Light shouldn't be an issue, so we should get all the overs in.
73.1;W;Starc to Herath, OUT ripper of a delivery to finish off! These are the best bowling figures by a visiting pacer at Galle! The ball tails back in from off stump, just about enough deviation to beat Herath's feeble forward push as the ball crashes into the stumps. Starc leads his team off the park;Rangana Herath b Starc 14 (26m 19b 2x4 0x6) SR: 73.68;
72.6;?;Marsh to Vishwa Fernando, no run he slipped and was on his way to the floor, almost as if he'd fall flat on his chest, while trying to keep that yorker away;
72.5;?;Marsh to Vishwa Fernando, no run full, incoming delivery on middle, Vishwa is behind the line as he blocks;
72.4;1;Marsh to Herath, 1 run opens the face of the bat late to run it down to third man;
72.3;2;Marsh to Herath, 2 runs he's clobbered that, the ball plonks near deep midwicket, they're back for the second. Length ball on middle, he swung across the line and was so pumped that he hit it right out of the screws that he didn't actually run initially;
72.2;4;Marsh to Herath, FOUR runs gets an underedge that flies low to Nevill who grasses that. The ball bursts from beneath the gloves and into the boundary;
72.1;?;Marsh to Herath, no run defends a full ball that tails away from middle;
71.6;?;Starc to Vishwa Fernando, no run he's caught hopping across the crease to avoid the line of the ball, this one came back in with the angle to slide down;
71.5;?;Starc to Vishwa Fernando, no run this one comes back into middle at a furious pace, the debutant was backing away but somehow manages to keep it out;
71.4;W;Starc to Sandakan, OUT just a matter of time, really. Sandakan throws his bat at the delivery that comes back in at length, swings through the line but is beaten by pace as the ball cannons into the stumps;Lakshan Sandakan b Starc 1 (12m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 14.28;
71.3;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run not sure how that missed the base of middle, Sandakan, by hook or crook, manages to somehow keep that away as the ball rolls off the edge to the off side;
71.2;?;Starc to Sandakan, no run chases a full delivery outside off, minimal feet movement as he looks to squeeze it behind point, beaten;
71.1;1lb;Starc to Herath, 1 leg bye tails back in a long way to hit the inside of the pad and deflect to fine leg;
70.6;1;Holland to Herath, 1 run gloves the sweep, Khawaja gives it chase to cut it off at short fine leg;
70.5;1;Holland to Sandakan, 1 run drifting into the pads, worked to the left of midwicket to get off the mark;
70.4;?;Holland to Sandakan, no run too full, Sandakan gets underneath the line and blocks;
70.3;1;Holland to Herath, 1 run swept with the spin to deep backward square leg, good work by Lyon moving to his left;
70.2;?;Holland to Herath, no run stretches forward and blocks;
70.1;?;Holland to Herath, no run shapes to pull, cramped for room and ends up getting a thick inside edge onto the boot;
69.6;?;Lyon to Sandakan, no run stretches forward and smothers the spin;
69.5;?;Lyon to Sandakan, no run gets forward and blocks the indrifter on middle and off;
69.4;1;Lyon to Herath, 1 run swept with the angle to deep square;
69.3;4;Lyon to Herath, FOUR runs another reverse-sweep, this time he's beaten the diving short third man fielder. Useful runs for Sri Lanka, at this stage they'll take it however the runs come;
69.2;?;Lyon to Herath, no run did it take the edge? On the bounce to first slip. There was a thin one as he pushed forward;
69.1;?;Lyon to Herath, no run reverse-sweep this time, hit straight to short third man;
68.6;W;Holland to Dhananjaya, OUT first Test wicket for Holland and there's no review. This one's angled in from around the stumps, it was a high full toss, which he looked to paddle and missed completely. Not the best delivery he'll bowl, but it's a wicket nonetheless. Lazy effort from the batsman to play a shot he should have gone at with more conviction, but he simply missed the line of the ball in the end.;Dhananjaya de Silva lbw b Holland 37 (81m 63b 6x4 0x6) SR: 58.73;
68.5;?;Holland to Dhananjaya, no run gets forward and taps it to short cover;
68.4;?;Holland to Dhananjaya, no run in-drifter that skids on from middle, defended with soft hands;
68.3;2;Holland to Dhananjaya, 2 runs rocks back, rides the bounce and steers it down towards third man where Mitch Marsh cuts it off;
68.2;?;Holland to Dhananjaya, no run backs away to see a full ball fired into middle and leg, squeezed back to the bowler;
68.1;4;Holland to Dhananjaya, FOUR runs change of ends for Holland, but no change of luck yet as Dhananjaya steps out and whips him over the infield into the midwicket boundary;
47.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run firm push down the ground, sliding stop by Voges at mid-off;
47.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run excellent leave that, sound judgment to the length ball that shaped away after pitching on off stump this time;
47.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run banged in short outside off, Chandimal ducks under it. Again some words for the batsman, but Chandimal is least bothered;
47.3;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run high waist-high full toss on middle from wide of the crease, Chandimal is stung as he plays it down the pitch. The back hand comes off the handle when the ball makes contact. Few choice words from Starc;
47.2;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run gets on top of the bounce to keep that incoming length delivery out;
47.1;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run reverses one back in from wide of the crease, Chandimal is overbalanced again as he defends;
46.6;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run some late swing back in to middle, defended with soft hands;
46.5;3;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 3 runs short, wide and he opens the bat face late to steer it between gully and point, tag team effort between Voges and Marsh keeps it down to three. Voges flicked the ball back in at a comfortable height for Marsh to hurl the ball back in;
46.4;2;Hazlewood to Chandimal, 2 runs not there for the drive, but Chamdimal simply plays an extension of the forward defense to ease it into the gap between cover and mid-off , excellent running;
46.3;?;Hazlewood to Chandimal, no run bat face turns in his hand as he gets across the defend, rolls off the inside edge to short midwicket;
46.2;1;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, 1 run rolls his wrists over the ball to work it to deep square leg. Dill well to keep it all along the ground. Brave shot considering there are two short midwicket fielders lurking around the corner;
46.1;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run gets half-forward and wrists the incoming delivery on middle to the leg side;
45.6;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run straightens to hit Chandimal on the pad as he looks to work it to the leg side, but the angle was way too much for it to hit the stumps even after pitching;
45.5;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run defended carefully to the off side, once again the angle is causing all sorts of trouble for the batsmen;
45.4;?;Starc to Chandimal, no run how has he missed the edge this time? Chadimal is sucked into the drive as the ball comes back in full to pitch and then move away, edge missed by a whisker;
45.3;W;Starc to Mendis, OUT 100th Test wicket for Starc and it's a beauty to get Mendis. Once again, the ball deviates away after pitching just short of length on middle, Mendis is committed into a defensive stroke, except he can't account for the movement and is squared up completely as the ball takes the edge through to Nevill. He spontaneously looked back as well, and that was a dead giveaway for the umpire too. A threatening stand has been broken, and the decision to persist with Starc has paid off.;Kusal Mendis c ?Nevill b Starc 86 (177m 137b 10x4 2x6) SR: 62.77;
45.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run invites the batsman to drive by floating it full and across him, left alone;
45.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run gets half-forward and defends to the off side;
44.6;?;Hazlewood to Angelo Mathews, no run on another day, Hazlewood may have had three wickets or more. Once again close to the outside edge, this one holds its line to beat Mathews' forward push;
44.5;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run induces the edge as he's drawn forward, squeezed between gully and second slip. Mendis wanted the second, Mathews wasn't so sure and refused straightaway;
44.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run bouncer on middle but well over the batsman's head as he ducks under it;
44.3;4;Hazlewood to Mendis, FOUR runs as good as a shot as you will see all day! Too full on middle, moves back in late but Mendis trusts his instincts and rolls his wrists over that one to bisect midwicket and mid-on. It was not more than a couple of yards away from the mid-on fielder, but he had no chance. The ball beat him even before he got down;
44.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run rip roaring bouncer, but no damage done. Mendis looks to fend as the lifter raps him on the glove and rolls back down the pitch. He also took the bottom hand off the grip;
44.1;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run drawn forward by a full-length delivery on off stump, he looks to play through cover, gets it onto the inner half of the bat instead as the ball comes back in a long way;
43.6;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and blocks the incoming delivery;
43.5;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run angles it full from around the stumps, Mathews is well forward as he blocks that;
43.4;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run driven towards deep point as they amble across for an easy single;
43.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run beaten by a beauty that misses the edge by not much. Not for the first time today, Mendis is squared up because of the late deviation from length on middle;
43.2;2;Starc to Mendis, 2 runs this one tails away from middle, Mendis drives between cover and point, aggressive running;
43.1;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run slants a full delivery into middle from wide of the crease, squeezed into the leg side for a quick single;
42.6;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run well forward as he defends the incoming delivery to come;
42.5;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run shapes back in from outside off, this time Mendis plays with a straight bat to keep that out;
42.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run the decision has been overturned as hawkeye suggests the ball was missing leg. The angle was a bit too much, really. Mathews spontaneously told his colleague to review that. Right decision has been made in the end;
42.3;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run ooohs and aaaahs, this one nips back in sharply to bounce an inch away from off stump, excellent leave;
42.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run floats it full outside off, the ball moves back in, left alone;
42.1;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run shapes back in from length outside off, defended to the off side;
41.6;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run in the air, but just short of mid-on. Got a leading edge as he looked to flick, loaded with risk but safe this time;
41.5;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs in the slot, and smashed! Just a touch too full and Mendis crashes the drive into the gap. Waited for it, and gave it a thwack;
41.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run angles a length ball on off stump, dabbed with an opened bat face towards gully;
41.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run induces the edge, but it rolls along the ground to gully;
41.2;2;Starc to Mendis, 2 runs drifting into middle and leg, whipped off his hip towards fine leg, Holland was too deep and had to run in a fair bit;
41.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run floats one full on leg stump, Mendis opens up his shoulders as he keeps that out, not the best of techniques but safe on that occasion;
40.6;1;Holland to Mendis, 1 run too short, Mendis cuts again but straight to the man at the edge of the ring at cover;
40.5;?;Holland to Mendis, no run makes room and cuts it straight to cover point this time;
40.4;1;Holland to Angelo Mathews, 1 run sharp turn outside off, punched wide of cover to bring up the 50 partnership;
40.3;6;Holland to Angelo Mathews, SIX runs steps out and thumps him over long-off. Gave himself a bit of room to hit it inside-out and made good connection. Had to reach for it, and ensured he went through with the stroke;
40.2;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run gets forward and smothers the in-drifter quite comfortably;
40.1;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run flicks, but straight to midwicket. Gets away with the waist-high full toss this time;
39.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run hostile stuff this, banged into middle stump from wide of the crease, Mendis just about manages to avoid that as he ducks;
39.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run beauty! Hides the shine with his left hand as he runs in and angles one full on off, the ball tails away to beat the edge;
39.4;4lb;Starc to Mendis, 4 leg byes even the keeper can't stop that. All it needed was a minor deflection off the pad as it veered in from wide of the crease. Kept going away from the keeper. Hard one for Nevill;
39.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run low full toss angling in, Mendis is down on one knee to ease that past cover, but misses. Hits the turf hard in frustration, scoring opportunity missed;
39.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run floats it full on off stump from wide of the crease, defended towards cover;
39.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run goes through! Phew, very very close to the pad and off stump. Mendis jams his bat down to keep that out but was playing inside the line. The sound as the ball passed bat was that of the willow hitting the turf.;
38.6;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run defends, but the ball doesn't turn much this time, rolls off a thick inside edge to the leg side;
38.5;1;Holland to Mendis, 1 run eased with the spin to mid-off for a quick single;
38.4;?;Holland to Mendis, no run gets a good stride in and blocks;
38.3;?;Holland to Mendis, no run prods forward and defends, opened the bat face a touch as the ball rolled to short third man;
38.2;?;Holland to Mendis, no run nicely tossed up on off stump, the ball takes off after landing on the foot marks, keeper rides the bounce to collect as Mendis doesn't play at it;
38.1;2;Holland to Mendis, 2 runs up and over cover. It was too full, and he threw his bat at that to hit it over the infield, the ball stopped after pitching so two it will be;
37.6;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run gets forward and across to dab that to the off side;
37.5;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run squeezed back to the bowler, it was too full this time, Lyon swiftly moves to his right to stop that;
37.4;2;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs pushed between cover and point, Starc was strolling casually behind that and Mathews saw that as an opportunity to steal a second;
37.3;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run swept with the spin again, this was in the air for a bit, but the fielder was at the ropes at deep square leg;
37.2;4;Lyon to Mendis, FOUR runs powerful sweep all along the ground into the deep backward square leg boundary. Once again, he gets outside the line of the stumps to eliminate the lbw, and then plays the stroke. Tremendous confidence;
37.1;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run lunges forward and blocks;
36.6;6;Holland to Angelo Mathews, SIX runs steps out and hoicks him with the win over wide long-on. Was loaded with risk, but it comes off. Didn't get to the pitch of the ball, but Mathews ensured he went through with the stroke. Dragged it a bit, but got enough wood on it;
36.5;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run drifts back in from wide of the crease, defended gently to the leg side;
36.4;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run eased back to the bowler with the spin, good flight from Holland again;
36.3;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run drift and turn from Holland, Mathews plays forward and blocks;
36.2;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run drifting into middle, Mathews walks across a touch and dabs;
36.1;?;Holland to Angelo Mathews, no run driven with the spin to cover;
35.6;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run deceived in flight, gets an inside-edge to the drive, rolls back down the pitch;
35.5;3;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, 3 runs this is starting to border on the rash. No control whatsoever on that reverse sweep as the ball spins back in sharply, it was in the air for a while but just eluded Mitch Marsh at point, he runs back to slide the ball back in and was touching the boundary triangle just as he released the ball. Three it will be;
35.4;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run is drawn out of his crease, but Mathews ends up stretching fully forward to keep that out;
35.3;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run pushed through quicker on middle and leg, tucked to short fine, Mathews is loud and clear that he doesn't want the run;
35.2;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run forward and across as he smothers the spin;
35.1;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run flatter delivery on middle and leg, nurdled behind square leg;
34.6;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run angles one back into off stump from wide of the crease, squirted to gully;
34.5;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run wayward delivery down leg side, Nevill dives full-length to his left to stop that;
34.4;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run pokes at an away-swinger, and is quite lucky not to nick that. Starc glares. It was almost an after-thought from Mathews to have a swish at that;
34.3;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run full ball on middle, Mathews shuffles to off as he defends that;
34.2;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run pushes away from the body to one that slants across him, squeezed to gully;
34.1;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run gets on top of the bounce and wrists the back of length delivery on middle to the leg side;
33.6;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run makes room and cuts a flat ball on the stumps to Starc at point;
33.5;1;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pushed to mid-off for a quick single;
33.4;4;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs shouts of catch, but he smashed that behind point off the reverse sweep. Believe me, it was far from the fielder there. This was bowled flat on middle and off, Mathews changed the grip and drilled it powerfully. He wasn't afraid to play it on the up.;
33.3;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run drills the slog sweep to Mitch Marsh at deep midwicket, fetched the flat hit with the spin from outside off;
33.2;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run short and spinning back into middle and leg, fair bit of bounce as well, Mendis allows the bat to hit the top of his thigh pad;
33.1;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run stabs forward, the thick inside edge rolls past short leg;
32.6;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run easy sighter that, too short and down leg side, Mathews turns his head away as he ducks under that one;
32.5;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run gets back and across to defend that back down the pitch;
32.4;?;Starc to Angelo Mathews, no run banged in short on middle and leg, not much bounce though, Mathews gets out of the way;
32.3;4;Starc to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs edged and into the third man boundary. Third slip moved into a leg-gully, and this one goes where that fielder would have been. Full and tailing away, Mathews pushed at it, the bat face slightly opened as he made contact and the ball raced away between second slip and gully;
32.2;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run yorker-length on off stump, squeezed behind point;
32.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run too good for Mendis! This length ball pitches on middle and jags away, the batsman is completely opened up as the ball shapes past the edge;
31.6;?;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, no run gets forward and plays it with the spin gently;
31.5;6;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, SIX runs intent straightaway, ho-ho-ho, where did that come from? Steps out, gets underneath the flight and thumps him over long-on. No half-measures on that occasion. This should be fun;
31.4;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run struck well, struck firmly, but straight to Mitch Marsh at deep midwicket;
31.3;1;Lyon to Angelo Mathews, 1 run underway immediately as he fetches the sweep from outside off, gets it down to fine leg;
31.2;W;Lyon to Perera, OUT he was reprieved two balls later as replays suggested Australia may have had the wicket had they reviewed, but it doesn't matter now. Beautifully looped in by Lyon, there's square turn after pitching as Perera hangs his bat out half-heartedly, the healthy edge flies low to slip where Smith, who stays low, gets his hands beneath the ball to complete a regulation catch. Timely wicket for Australia, will this allow them an opportunity to wrest control?;Kusal Perera c Smith b Lyon 49 (130m 82b 5x4 0x6) SR: 59.75;
31.1;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run shapes to ease it behind but but the ball cuts back in to cramp him for room, dabbed to cover gently for a run;
30.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run appeal for lbw as this one tails back in to hit the pad. Was there an inside-edge? Steven Smith is checking with the bowler if the point of impact was outside off. Starc nods, so they won't go upstairs. Big shout, it was.;
30.5;1;Starc to Mendis, 1 run yorker-length delivery on the pads, worked wide of midwicket;
30.4;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs uppish and not far from Mitch Marsh at gully. Gets onto his toes and looks to ride the bounce, just manages to get it towards the right of gully;
30.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run banged in short but well over Mendis' head, avoided without any hassle even though it was slanted across him;
30.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full, starts off on middle, and the ball tails away a touch, Mendis gets forward and defends;
30.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run starts off with a full delivery on leg stump, defended to midwicket. Mendis was slightly overbalanced as he negotiated that one;
29.6;?;Lyon to Perera, no run in-drifter on middle and leg, played back to the bowler;
29.5;2;Lyon to Perera, 2 runs drifting down leg, and he's swept that fine towards Starc who slides around the ropes at fine leg to keep that to two runs;
29.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run loop and turn, driven with the spin to cover;
29.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run can't pierce the off side ring. It was a long hop. Enough width outside off to cut, Perera finds the man at the edge of the ring at cover;
29.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run short on off stump, punched to cover;
29.1;?;Lyon to Perera, no run flatter one on middle, he gets back and defends;
28.6;?;Holland to Mendis, no run once again gets to the pitch of the ball and blocks;
28.5;?;Holland to Mendis, no run gets right underneath the ball and blocks;
28.4;?;Holland to Mendis, no run flatter one on middle, gets some purchase along with the drift, Mendis is back into the crease as he plays it with soft hands;
28.3;?;Holland to Mendis, no run gets a good stride forward and blocks;
28.2;1;Holland to Perera, 1 run steps out, takes it on the full and bunts it down to long-on, 100-stand up between these two. Dressing room applauds;
28.1;4;Holland to Perera, FOUR runs frustration for Australia. Perera steps out to flick, but the ball takes the inside-edge and beats the leg slip fielder.;
27.6;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run whips the flatter one to the leg side;
27.5;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run steps out but is deceived in flight, checks his drive, but it's too late, fortunately for Kusal, there's no one catching at short cover;
27.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run cuts and misses. Not much room to work with, extra bouncer again. A touch too full as well;
27.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run quicker one on middle, flatter and fuller, defended back down the pitch;
27.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run gets forward and across to the flighted delivery and defends;
27.1;?;Lyon to Perera, no run Just falls short of Mitch Marsh at point. Kusal shaped to cut but that bounced a touch more than he expected, he went through with the stroke in the end and is lucky to survive;
26.6;?;Holland to Mendis, no run drifting into middle and leg from wide of the crease, Mendis smothers the spin;
26.5;?;Holland to Mendis, no run stretches forward and dead bats it;
26.4;?;Holland to Mendis, no run eased back to the bowler with a straight bat. Holland hasn't been afraid to toss it up despite the batsmen trying to go after him;
26.3;2;Holland to Mendis, 2 runs punched into the gap at midwicket. Rocks back, gets on top of the bounce, rolls his wrists over to fetch it from middle and off.;
26.2;2;Holland to Mendis, 2 runs touch short, he rocks back and plays it late to beat backward point, Marsh gives it chase and pulls it back in. Second Test fifty for Mendis;
26.1;?;Holland to Mendis, no run tossed up on middle and off, defended to the off side;
25.6;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run full-length delivery outside off, left alone this time;
25.5;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run pulled, but not entirely off the middle, spongy bounce on that occasion, rolls behind square leg for a run. Cross-seam delivery;
25.4;4;Hazlewood to Mendis, FOUR runs beats the packed off side field, that is a scorching cover drive. Just a touch too full, but Mendis' class came to the fore as he leant into that one. High elbow as ball met bat, and the ball sped away between cover and point;
25.3;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run firm drive, but straight to extra cover;
25.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run angles a full delivery into middle from wide of the crease, defended to the leg side;
25.1;1;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 run short, wide and hammered to Lyon at deep point;
24.6;1;Holland to Perera, 1 run steps out, takes it on the full and punches that one to wide long-on;
24.5;2;Holland to Perera, 2 runs this time it's the fine sweep even though he intended to go a lot square. To the left of leg gully as they come back for the second;
24.4;?;Holland to Perera, no run played with the turn, but leg gully dives to his right to effect a one-handed stop;
24.3;1;Holland to Mendis, 1 run quick single to mid-off, quick eye-contact with his partner and they were off the the run to catch the fielder napping;
24.2;?;Holland to Mendis, no run gets half-forward and stabs one to the off side;
24.1;?;Holland to Mendis, no run superb flight, once again Mendis looks to sweep across the line. He was too early into the stroke just as the ball dips back in, didn't miss the stumps by much;
23.6;1;Hazlewood to Mendis, 1 run pushes outside the line of the delivery, the ball angles back in to roll off the inside edge to square leg;
23.5;1;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 run length ball on off stump, punched to deep point;
23.4;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run nips away a touch after pitching at length on middle, defended to the off side;
23.3;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs flicked, but wide of mid-on. Four written all over it. This wasn't a half-volley by any means but he was intent on playing that flick over the infield. Some late swing only further aided his intent. Hazlewood has a bemused look on his face;
23.2;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run length ball on middle, moving away from wide of the crease, defended back down the pitch;
23.1;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run stays inside the crease and chops the away-going length ball;
22.6;?;Holland to Mendis, no run loops one on off stump, the ball dips on Mendis who squeezes it to the off side;
22.5;?;Holland to Mendis, no run drift and turn, but this was a touch too full, defended off the front foot;
22.4;1;Holland to Perera, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and eases it with the spin to long-on;
22.3;?;Holland to Perera, no run ball lobs off the flap of the pad to short leg. There was clearly some daylight between bat and pad. Sharp turn back in, though;
22.2;?;Holland to Perera, no run flatter one on middle, gets forward and blocks;
22.1;2;Holland to Perera, 2 runs T20 style fielding in Tests, outstanding from Nathan Lyon! Athleticism to the fore. Kusal swung this with the spin towards deep midwicket where Lyon was airborne when he stuck his hand out. Completely aware of the ropes lurking behind him, he quickly has the presence of mind to push it back into the field of play as he goes over. Saved a few runs too, but a top, top effort;
21.6;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run solid in defense as he presses forward to a full delivery on off stump;
21.5;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run floats it full on middle from wide of the crease, Mendis makes the late adjustment by accounting for the late swing and defends;
21.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run short of length ball that deviates back in a wee bit from outside off, Mendis lets that go;
21.3;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run this one nips away after pitching in the driving zone outside off, Mendis lets that go;
21.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run firm drive but straight to mid-off. Hint of reverse already? The ball veered back in quite sharply;
21.1;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run shapes back into the right-hander from outside off, left alone;
20.6;1;Holland to Mendis, 1 run gets outside the line of the stumps and sweeps it to square leg to keep strike;
20.5;?;Holland to Mendis, no run appeal for lbw, but he was struck outside off. Once again Mendis looks to sweep but was too early into the stroke, hit on the shoulder as a result;
20.4;4;Holland to Mendis, FOUR runs fierce sweep! This time it's a touch flat but it doesn't matter. It was sliding in, and Mendis picked the bones out of that one to beat Hazlewood running around to his left from fine leg;
20.3;?;Holland to Mendis, no run angles one back in from wide of the crease, once again the ball drifts in, Mendis dabs it with soft hands;
20.2;?;Holland to Mendis, no run in-drifter from around the stumps, Mendis gets forward to smother the spin;
20.1;1;Holland to Perera, 1 run loopy delivery on middle and leg, worked with the spin to deep square, hint of inside edge on that;
19.6;3;Lyon to Perera, 3 runs unafraid to flick across the line, but did well to get to the pitch of the ball and play the stroke. Managed to hit it into the gap between mid-on and midwicket;
19.5;?;Lyon to Perera, no run beaten in flight, Kusal is drawn forward as he looks to drive, in the end has to settle for a block;
19.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run rocks back and cuts, but hits it straight to cover point. Scoring opportunity missed;
19.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run nice flight, there's a bit of dip on that but Kusal is half-forward as he blocks;
19.2;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run fetches the sweep from outside off, gets it down to fine leg;
19.1;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run steps out and drives with the spin to long-off;
18.6;1;Holland to Perera, 1 run worked with the spin to long-on;
18.5;4b;Holland to Perera, 4 byes flatter one, but the wicketkeeper was blinded by the batsman. It was off line as well as the ball hit the rough patch and spun back in sharply to beat Nevill. Would have been a cracking delivery to a right-hander;
18.4;1;Holland to Mendis, 1 run too full, driven with the spin to wide long-off;
18.3;?;Holland to Mendis, no run gets to the pitch of the ball and eases it gently to cover;
18.2;?;Holland to Mendis, no run looks to take him on and play a slog sweep across the line, but misses. The ball deflected off the rough patches to Smith at slip;
18.1;?;Holland to Mendis, no run lovely flight and loop first up on middle, Mendis gets forward and smothers the spin;
17.6;?;Lyon to Perera, no run stretches forward to defend that flat delivery on off stump;
17.5;?;Lyon to Perera, no run gets forward and plays it with an opened bat-face to short third man;
17.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run once again it's a touch short, punched to point;
17.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run flatter one on off stump, defended to the off side;
17.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run ho, ho, ho. Drift, turn and bounce. This one takes off from one particular spot on off stump, Kusal jabs at that but the ball spins past the edge, Nevill rides with the bounce and collects it at shoulder height;
17.1;2;Lyon to Perera, 2 runs short on off stump, he rocks back and plays it late to hit it behind the diving backward point fielder;
16.6;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run straightens after pitching on off stump, Mendis shuffles across and defends;
16.5;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run leans forward and drives it to the cover fielder;
16.4;4;Marsh to Mendis, FOUR runs flick of the wrists, and the ball sails over the infield, one bounce over midwicket. Not a bad delivery by any means, at length on middle and off, but Mendis brings his solid wrists into play by moving across just a touch and loft it over the infield.;
16.3;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run length ball that nips away a hint from off stump, Mendis is firmly behind the line of the ball as he blocks;
16.2;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run too full, there for the drive but Mendis finds cover;
16.1;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run back of length delivery outside off, bunted to point;
15.6;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run gets down on one knee and plays a half-pull towards deep square leg;
15.5;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run gets on top of the bounce and wrists it to the leg side;
15.4;6;Lyon to Mendis, SIX runs shouts of catch, but he's hit that off the middle. Certainly didn't look that way. Mendis was looking to hit over long-on but ended up going inside-out, and to his astonishment, even cleared the roped as the ball hit the sightscreen. Australia won't mind that though, he was completely beaten in flight on that occasion.;
15.3;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run some turn even though the trajectory was much flatter from Lyon, Mendis defends from the crease;
15.2;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run drops it with soft hands towards point and scampers through for a quick single;
15.1;3;Lyon to Mendis, 3 runs too short, and he's opened up the off side by moving towards the leg side and play it late to find the gap behind point, Starc gives it chase and then hurls it back in. Had to run at least 45 yards towards the ropes;
14.6;4;Marsh to Perera, FOUR runs in the slot, and he's given it a good thwack. It was past Warner at cover even before he could bend down. Bullet hit that. Not much of foot work, but gets the desired result;
14.5;1;Marsh to Mendis, 1 run stabs forward, the ball veers back in to take the inside edge and toll towards square leg;
14.4;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run short, wide, almost begging to be hit, but this time Mendis, it seems, had decided even before the ball was delivered that he'll let that go;
14.3;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run beaten by a delivery that holds its line, Mendis played inside the line of that delivery that angled in;
14.2;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run shapes to cut but is cramped for room, squeezes it to the cover region;
14.1;1;Marsh to Perera, 1 run width on offer, crunched off the back foot to sweeper cover;
13.6;6;Lyon to Mendis, SIX runs in the slot, not even the prospect of having a deep midwicket fielder stopped him from going for it, and boy, he's picked the bones out of that one. Saw that tossed up over his eyeline, got down on one knee and then brought out the slog sweep.;
13.5;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run driven inside-out with the spin to long-off;
13.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run touch short, but there's some fizz on it, Perera gets back into the crease and defends;
13.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run steps out but not to the pitch, blocks that one firmly;
13.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run stretches forward and defends;
13.1;?;Lyon to Perera, no run played against the turn to mid-on, was too full and so he wasn't in any trouble;
12.6;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run delightful off-drive, but Marsh puts his left hand out to stop that on his follow-through;
12.5;4;Marsh to Mendis, FOUR runs in the hitting zone and he's creamed that into the midwicket boundary. Too straight, too full and Mendis is in perfect sync with his footwork and hand-eye coordination as he flicks it imperiously;
12.4;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run presses forward and defends that full-length delivery to cover;
12.3;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run beauty, nice and full outside off, almost as if Mitch Marsh hoped Mendis was look to drive, left alone this time;
12.2;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run cuts and misses. There was enough width, but the ball just zipped off the deck to beat the swing. Mendis was clearly a millisecond late;
12.1;?;Marsh to Mendis, no run starts off with a beauty that hits the seam and nips away. Mendis is drawn forward but can only be relieved that it missed the outside edge;
11.6;2;Lyon to Perera, 2 runs short, he rocks back and plays it late to steer it between cover and backward point;
11.5;?;Lyon to Perera, no run flatter one on middle and leg, this time he's half-forward as he defends;
11.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run sliding into leg stump, straightens a bit, Kusal defends to the leg side, ball nearly popped up towards short leg;
11.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run prods forward to dead bat that, there's a lot of drift for Lyon;
11.2;1;Lyon to Mendis, 1 run what was he trying, I don't know. Steps out and plays an ugly hoick, but doesn't get underneath it, gets a thick inside edge towards square leg;
11.1;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run drifting into middle from around the stumps, driven with the spin to mid-off for a quick single;
10.6;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs that is a shot right out of the top drawer. Starc searches for some inswing but there is none, it was simply too full as Mendis leaned forward to essay a classic cover drive. Ah, so elegant!;
10.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run short ball on middle, Mendis picks the length early and ducks under that one;
10.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run another one that slants across Mendis, who plays inside the line to let that go;
10.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full toss, throws his bat at that but can only get a thick edge into the ground, excellent stop by Smith at second slip. It flew off the thick edge, and the Australian captain did well to stop it on the bounce;
10.2;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run half-stop by Warner at extra cover keeps it down to a single. Was a touch ahead of length and Kusal crunched that to cover, the ball flew off the middle.;
10.1;?;Starc to Perera, no run slants one back into middle from wide of the crease, defended back down the pitch;
9.6;?;Lyon to Mendis, no run gets forward and defends one with the spin to the leg side;
9.5;1;Lyon to Perera, 1 run driven with the spin wide of mid-off for an easy single;
9.4;?;Lyon to Perera, no run deceived in flight as he steps out, squeezed to cover. Hint of confusion as Kusal set off for a single, sent back at the right time;
9.3;?;Lyon to Perera, no run spins away to take the outer half of the bat as he prods forward, rolls to point;
9.2;?;Lyon to Perera, no run drifting into middle, some turn as well but Kusal is well forward as he smothers the spin;
9.1;?;Lyon to Perera, no run tossed up on off stump, defended down the ground;
8.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run this time he lets the short of length delivery angling away, through to the keeper;
8.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run jaffa! Starc looks up to wonder what he didn't do right to get a wicket there. Truth be told, it was just too good for Mendis. Squared up completely as the ball hits the seam and nips away to miss the edge by a whisker;
8.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run neat little flick, but can't beat debutant Holland at mid-on;
8.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run back of length delivery angling away, left alone;
8.2;4;Starc to Mendis, FOUR runs off the glove, but he'll get four runs to his name. This reared up and angled into his rib-cage as Mendis looks to hops back to defend, just about gets enough glove on it to beat the keeper on the dive;
8.1;?;Starc to Mendis, no run this one nips back in a touch from length, defended carefully to the leg side;
7.6;4;Hazlewood to Perera, FOUR runs shot of the morning! Half-volley on the pads, and Kusal flicks it imperiously over the infield. Uppish, but he was aware of the gap between square leg and mid-on, so it didn't matter.;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run better length, this time it's a foot ahead of length on middle and off, nips away a touch, left alone;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run chases a wide delivery, full-blooded swing at that, beaten. Bat nowhere near the ball;
7.3;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run banged in short on middle, Kusal ducks under that one comfortably;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run gets half-forward and bunts it back to the bowler;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Perera, no run length ball on off, driven on the up to mid-off;
6.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run full and angling away from middle, left alone;
6.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run banged in short, but this one bounces well over Kusal's head, Nevill's feet off the ground as he collects it in front of his pace;
6.4;?;Starc to Mendis, no run confident drive, straight to cover;
6.3;?;Starc to Mendis, no run this time he's more watchful and lets an away-going delivery to the keeper;
6.2;?;Starc to Mendis, no run poor, poor shot. Almost similar to the dismissal off Starc's previous over, except this time there's no edge to that attempted drive. No real need to play at that;
6.1;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run how did that miss the base of off stump, I don't know. Slants it full and in at a lively pace, there's a bit of swing too as Kusal stabs his bat down to get an inside edge to the leg side;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run in that dangerous channel outside off which causes all sorts of confusions to a top order batsman, sound judgment this time by Mendis to watch it through to the keeper;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run solid defense again, committed to the front foot on that occasion to a full delivery on off stump;
5.4;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run bowls one that veers back in from wide of the crease, Mendis offers the full face of the bat as he defends;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run shapes to drive but doesn't get to the pitch of the ball, the thick inside-edge rolls to midwicket;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Mendis, no run straightens off the good length area on middle, Mendis is half-forward as he defends, was once again squared up just a little;
5.1;1lb;Hazlewood to Perera, 1 leg bye on the pads, Kusal misses a flick, but the ball deflects off the pad to square leg. Stifled appeal from Hazlewood, but it died down as quickly as he went up. Pitched outside leg;
4.6;?;Starc to Mendis, no run length ball slanting away, left alone;
4.5;?;Starc to Mendis, no run straightens off length, Mendis is squared up but is behind the line of the ball as he defends;
4.4;W;Starc to Silva, OUT the short ball is followed by a full delivery angling away, Kaushal chases that one, but the feet is nowhere to the pitch of the ball. He can only get a thin edge that is gleefully accepted by Nevill. Bonus wicket for Australia, the second for Starc. Kaushal will be livid at himself when he sits down and watches the replay.;Kaushal Silva c ?Nevill b Starc 5 (22m 16b 1x4 0x6) SR: 31.25;
4.3;4;Starc to Silva, FOUR runs top shot! Slightly off balance, but he meant business alright. Picked the length early, swiveled, rolled his wrists over that to help it along into the fine leg boundary.;
4.2;?;Starc to Silva, no run slight inward movement from length on middle, Kaushal is behind the line as he defends solidly to the off side;
4.1;?;Starc to Silva, no run way too full from Starc, Kusal hangs back expecting the short one and in the end bunts it to cover;

"How can Nevill "Fling himself to the right" to stop a ball down the leg side?" You're clearly a right-hander, Parvesh
 Innings Start
Alex: "Huge innings coming up for Karunaratne, anything short of a vintage performance might be curtains for his place in the next Test." Mathews, in his defense, said in Pallekele that it was a case of not tampering with a winning combination. That said, it will be hard to justify his inclusion if he fails here.
11.15am This is Australia's lowest total in Sri Lanka, then. Spinners ran riot with Rangana Herath becoming the second Sri Lankan after Nuwan Zoysa to take a Test hat-trick. Improved performance from Dilruwan Perera too. A lead of 175 is monumental you'd think. Join us in 10 minutes to find out how this game will twist heading into the lunch break.
To sum up Australia's trouble, it's the deliveries that have skidded through that have caused more trouble than ones that have turned.
33.2;W;Sandakan to Marsh, OUT swung across the line but got it off the toe end of the bat, Karunaratne at a straight'ish long-off moved back and then dived low to his right to take a well-judged catch. Ensured that the ball didn't bobble out even as he hit the turf. Afridi-esque celebration from Sandakan.;Mitchell Marsh c Karunaratne b Sandakan 27 (65m 42b 0x4 3x6) SR: 64.28;
33.1;?;Sandakan to Marsh, no run flatter one on off stump, Marsh can't get underneath the flight, defended;
32.6;?;Herath to Holland, no run slower through the air as the ball spins away from middle, Holland blocks;
32.5;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run fires it short and into middle and leg, punched to deep midwicket;
32.4;6;Herath to Marsh, SIX runs Goes again, the execution this time is even better as it sails over the stand this time. Too full from Herath again, Mitch Marsh teed off like a golfer, generated enough power on the swing to hit it right off the middle;
32.3;6;Herath to Marsh, SIX runs he's clobbered that into the stands at long-on. Got to the pitch and gave it an almighty thwack. Few more of these will help;
32.2;4b;Herath to Marsh, 4 byes through the gate, but the ball bounces over the stumps. Keeper misses too and these are handy runs. It came in with the arm to beat Mitch Marsh on the drive.;
32.1;?;Herath to Marsh, no run steps out to carve him over cover, but Herath throws it full and wide, squeezed back to the bowler in the end;
31.6;?;Perera to Holland, no run pushed through quicker on middle, defended carefully;
31.5;?;Perera to Holland, no run swept fine, but the leg gully fielder is alert;
31.4;?;Perera to Holland, no run leans forward and defends the incoming delivery;
31.3;?;Perera to Holland, no run confident push off the front foot to mid-off;
31.2;W;Perera to Hazlewood, OUT as easy as they come, very similar to Warner's dismissal. This time he gets some purchase off the deck as he bowled it slower through the air, there's drift, turn and bounce as Hazlewood pokes at that one, gets it off the glove as Mathews completes a good low catch at first slip. He was off balance but held on to it.;Josh Hazlewood c Mathews b Perera 3 (13m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 18.75;
31.1;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run too full, easily defends the incoming delivery with a half-dab;
30.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run plays with the bat well in front of the pad, blocked in the end;
30.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run beaten, he held this back a touch, the ball dips on him as Marsh looks to force that off the back foot with an opened bat face;
30.4;?;Herath to Marsh, no run;
30.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run steps out but can't get to the pitch of the ball, offers his pad to it;
30.2;?;Herath to Marsh, no run pushes outside the line but is saved by a thin inside edge onto the pad.;
30.1;?;Herath to Marsh, no run breaks away sharply, but the length was a touch short, Marsh gets back and blocks;
29.6;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run quicker delivery on off, Hazlewood stays inside the crease and blocks;
29.5;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run stabs forward, lobs in the air but just wide of silly point;
29.4;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run comes back into middle and leg, rolls off the inside edge to short leg;
29.3;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run slower through the air, lands it on middle and off, Hazlewood gets forward and defends;
29.2;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run allows the ball to slide back in to block;
29.1;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run quicker one on off stump, too full, easy pat with gentle hands;
28.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run closer to the stumps, much fuller, Marsh smothers the spin easily;
28.5;1;Herath to Hazlewood, 1 run too full this time, worked to mid-on for a quick single;
28.4;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run gets half-forward and dabs to the off side;
28.3;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run uppish but short of the midwicket fielder. Once again played down the wrong line and got an inside edge;
28.2;?;Herath to Hazlewood, no run slower through the air, lands it on off stump, carefully defended by Hazlewood;
28.1;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run flatter one, a touch short as well on off stump, whipped wide of midwicket;
27.6;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run quicker one outside off, left alone;
27.5;2;Perera to Hazlewood, 2 runs flicked with the angle towards wide mid-on, some work for debutant Vishwa Fernando;
27.4;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run induces the edge, but lands short of second slip;
27.3;?;Perera to Hazlewood, no run quicker one that comes back in from around the stumps, defended back to the bowler;
27.2;W;Perera to Lyon, OUT outstanding catch at short leg. Kusal Mendis stays low and moves to his left as the ball lobs off the inside edge. There wasn't much turn and Lyon prodded outside the line. Absolute carnage this! Mathews was critical of Dilruwan's efforts in Pallekele, there isn't much to complain about here in Galle.;Nathan Lyon c Mendis b Perera 4 (8m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 40;
27.1;?;Perera to Lyon, no run the breeze allows the ball to drift back into middle, there's a hint of turn as it beats Lyon's forward defense to hit thigh pad;
26.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run driven but straight to extra cover;
26.5;1;Herath to Lyon, 1 run sliced to point off the outside edge, Lyon was scamper down the bowler's end as the throw came in wide. Was extremely slow to turn;
26.4;2;Herath to Lyon, 2 runs gets enough bat on the attempted paddle to beat Kaushal Silva at short fine leg;
26.3;?;Herath to Lyon, no run slower through the air as he lands it outside off, Lyon gets a good stride in again to defend;
26.2;?;Herath to Lyon, no run gets half-forward to cover the line and defend;
26.1;?;Herath to Lyon, no run quicker one on middle from around the stumps, Lyon confidently prods forward and blocks;
25.6;1;Perera to Lyon, 1 run fetches the sweep from outside off, gets it down to deep backward square leg. Australia have avoided the follow-on;
25.5;?;Perera to Lyon, no run swept with the spin, but straight to square leg;
25.4;?;Perera to Lyon, no run flatter one that spins back in to hit Lyon's front pad as he goes back. Spinning too much and would have missed leg;
25.3;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run firmly drive to extra cover as he gets across for a single;
25.2;?;Perera to Marsh, no run played with the spin to the on side;
25.1;?;Perera to Marsh, no run spins back in to hit the pad;
24.6;W;Herath to Starc, OUT Starc pushes forward but is outside the line as the ball spins back in to hit him on the front pad. There was no inside edge, so height was the only thing that could have saved him. Point of impact is in line, and so Herath has a hat-trick. Hawkeye shows the ball hitting top of middle. He's the second Sri Lankan after Nuwan Zoysa to take a Test hat-trick. What drama in Galle. They took a long time to go upstairs, but Herath has been proved right.;Mitchell Starc lbw b Herath 0 (3m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
24.5;W;Herath to Nevill, OUT that's as plumb as it can get! Another delivery that slides back in to beat his forward prod. Nevill consulted Marsh before deciding there was nothing there to save him. This is the arm ball which comes back in to hit him in front of middle and off.;Peter Nevill lbw b Herath 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
24.4;W;Herath to Voges, OUT outstanding catch at extra cover by Karunaratne. Voges is beaten in flight as he drives, goes through with the stroke nonetheless, didn't get it off the middle. It was flying low to the left of the fielder who dived to complete the low catch. There was a hint of dip on that, which meant he was always going to be in trouble if he hit it in the air. Voges walks back shaking his head. Sri Lanka's dream morning continues. Classical left-arm spinner's dismissal this.;Adam Voges c Karunaratne b Herath 8 (28m 28b 1x4 0x6) SR: 28.57;
24.3;?;Herath to Voges, no run rolls off the outer half of the bat to silly point, he played inside the line this time;
24.2;?;Herath to Voges, no run carbon copy of the previous delivery, bat in front of the pad as he blocks;
24.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run slows it down nicely but this one's sliding into middle and leg, Voges is well forward as he smothers the spin;
23.6;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run steps out and drills it down to long-on for an easy single;
23.5;?;Perera to Voges, no run on the shorter side, enough time to punch it back to the bowler;
23.4;?;Perera to Voges, no run slides past the outside edge, this one was played inside the line;
23.3;?;Perera to Voges, no run quicker one on middle, he gets forward and blocks;
23.2;?;Perera to Voges, no run steps out to flick, hits it straight to short midwicket;
23.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run quicker one on middle and leg, defended to short leg;
22.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run eases forward and blocks to cover;
22.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run stretches forward and blocks the round-arm delivery bowled with a lower trajectory;
22.4;?;Herath to Marsh, no run stretches forward and blocks an in-drifter on middle;
22.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run gets a thick edge that rolls wide of slip;
22.2;6;Herath to Marsh, SIX runs steps out and flicks him across the line with the wind, the ball sails over the deep midwicket fence. Lovely wrist work, touch of Dhoni's Helicopter shot n that. It was risky all right, but there were no half-measures there;
22.1;?;Herath to Marsh, no run plays with the bat in front of the pad, pushed to cover;
21.6;?;Perera to Voges, no run hit on the pad as he prods outside the line, once again big turn from the rough;
21.5;?;Perera to Voges, no run beaten by one that skids on, Voges played for the turn as he stretched forward;
21.4;4;Perera to Voges, FOUR runs intent and execution near perfect this time. Not afraid to step out and hit over the top. There was no long-on, and so he was able to get to the pitch and loft him down the ground;
21.3;?;Perera to Voges, no run solid defense to another sharp turner into middle;
21.2;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run flatter one on middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket;
21.1;?;Perera to Marsh, no run steps out and blocks the incoming delivery;
20.6;?;Herath to Voges, no run arm ball that skids on from outside off, Voges lets it go in the end after a brief flirtation with that one;
20.5;?;Herath to Voges, no run shapes for a crunch through cover, finds the fielder this time;
20.4;?;Herath to Voges, no run delivers this from wide of the crease, slower through the air, there's dip and turn as it spins past Voges' outside edge;
20.3;?;Herath to Voges, no run gets a good stride in to smother the spin;
20.2;1;Herath to Marsh, 1 run top quality stroke, driven inside-out to deep cover;
20.1;?;Herath to Marsh, no run straightens after pitching on off stump, bunted to cover;
19.6;?;Perera to Voges, no run jumps outside the crease even before the bowler releases, Dilruwan fires it on middle and leg as the ball lobs off his thigh pad;
19.5;?;Perera to Voges, no run gets a good stride in, but prods outside the line to defend that one that spins back in sharply, would have missed leg;
19.4;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run steps out, takes it on the full and works it wide of mid-on;
19.3;?;Perera to Marsh, no run keeps low this time, but it was outside off, no damage done as Marsh goes back to block;
19.2;?;Perera to Marsh, no run Sri Lanka have lost a review. Hawyeke suggests the ball would have missed leg stump. Just looked not out immediately. Marsh was clearly beaten but this one spun back in a long way from the rough;
19.1;1b;Perera to Voges, 1 bye Chandimal can't collect cleanly down leg and they steal a bye. Lot of spin back in for Dilruwan;
18.6;?;Herath to Marsh, no run arm-ball that slides back into the stumps, Marsh gets a good stride in to defend;
18.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run goes back into the crease to punch that one back to the bowler;
18.4;?;Herath to Marsh, no run bites away from off stump, Marsh pushes forward, slices it towards point off the outer half of the bat;
18.3;1;Herath to Voges, 1 run gets a thick inside edge that rolls past short leg as they steal a quick single;
18.2;?;Herath to Voges, no run plays with the bat in front of the pad, but stabs inside the line, is hit on the back pad. Going over, clearly;
18.1;?;Herath to Voges, no run beats the edge by a whisker. This one's pushed through flatter, spins away a touch to beat his forward defense;
17.6;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run this one drifts away from the batsman, Voges leans into the drive and eases it wide of mid-off;
17.5;1;Perera to Marsh, 1 run wrists it past midwicket, walks through for the run;
17.4;?;Perera to Marsh, no run pushed through quicker on off stump, Marsh is solid in his forward defense;
17.3;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run worked with the spin to mid-on for a quick single, Marsh was late to respond to the call but gets across in time, Voges off the mark;
17.2;?;Perera to Voges, no run gets to the pitch of the ball and offers a dead bat to it;
17.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run steps out to smother the spin but can't get to the pitch, is hit on the pad as he looks to turn it to midwicket;
16.6;2;Herath to Marsh, 2 runs slider that takes the inside edge and rolls behind square leg, off the mark with a streaky single. Eventful over;
16.5;?;Herath to Marsh, no run shapes to drive, plays outside the line to get an inside edge that rolls off the pad to the off side;
16.4;?;Herath to Marsh, no run drifts in to middle, played back to the bowler;
16.3;?;Herath to Marsh, no run gets a good stride in and smothers the spin;
16.2;?;Herath to Marsh, no run excitement, but that was sliding down leg side. Marsh is struck on the front pad but it would have missed leg stump;
16.1;W;Herath to Smith, OUT carnage, absolute carnage. 'If you can't help me effect a stumping, I'll get him myself,' Rangana's body language suggests. This one is a slider from wide of the crease from around the stumps, Smith plays back to cut but is cramped for room, the ball gathers some venom as it slides in faster to beat Smith's shot as the stumps are rattled. Relief for Chandimal. Australia in real trouble;Steven Smith b Herath 5 (9m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 50;
15.6;W;Perera to Khawaja, OUT got him! Khawaja is late on the shot as this one comes back in with the arm and misses his feeble defense to hit off stump. He played back, but it was a touch fuller than he would have liked, once he missed, he was a dead duck. Intelligent from Dilruwan, kept spinning the ball away, and then got one to slide back in;Usman Khawaja b Perera 11 (54m 44b 0x4 0x6) SR: 25;
15.5;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run sharp turn from outside off, this was pushed through quicker, left alone;
15.4;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run played with the angle to the leg side;
15.3;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run gets forward to bunt that to silly mid-off;
15.2;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run slides back into middle and leg, defended to short leg;
15.1;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run driven with the spin to cover;
14.6;?;Herath to Smith, no run Chandimal has fluffed a stumping chance! How costly will it prove to be? Smith is drawn forward by the drift and dip, but the ball breaks away sharply. In his quest to block, he drags his back foot outside the crease as Chandimal looks to grab at the ball, only to see it bobble out. Big, big miss that.;
14.5;4;Herath to Smith, FOUR runs beautiful drive! Steps out to get to the pitch of the ball and strokes it inside-out past extra cover. Slightly overpitched and he placed it superbly;
14.4;?;Herath to Smith, no run slides back into middle and leg, there's zip off the track, Smith is late on an attempted whip which hits him high on the pad;
14.3;?;Herath to Smith, no run drift and a hint of turn from middle, Smith is well forward as he blocks;
14.2;?;Herath to Smith, no run driven with the spin to mid-off, refuses the single straightaway;
14.1;?;Herath to Smith, no run;
13.6;1;Perera to Smith, 1 run steps out and works it with the spin to long-on and get off the mark;
13.5;?;Perera to Smith, no run appeal for catch at short leg, umpire says no. Sharp turn back into middle and leg, Smith pulls his gloves away and lets the ball thud into his thigh pad as it lobs to the fielder.;
13.4;?;Perera to Smith, no run tossed up on off stump, flicked with the spin to midwicket;
13.3;W;Perera to Warner, OUT credit to Dilruwan for persisting with the line of attack from around the stumps. He sowed the seeds of doubt in Warner's mind by drifting them in and then extracting turn. It wasn't too different this time as well. This ball was pushed through a wee bit quicker than the previous delivery, Warner fails to account for the late turn as he stabs forward, the edge flies low to Mathews who takes an excellent catch at first slip.;David Warner c Mathews b Perera 42 (49m 41b 7x4 0x6) SR: 102.43;
13.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run has Chandimal grassed that? Very, very close. Warner is lured into the drive, drags his back foot outside the crease as he looks to drive. Stumping chance missed;
13.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run trifle short outside off, Warner cuts, but finds Sandakan at point;
12.6;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run attempts a drive, gets a thick inside edge that rolls back to the bowler;
12.5;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run gets an inside edge that was in the air for a second or two, away from short leg though;
12.4;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run stays inside the crease and taps with soft hands;
12.3;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run this one comes back into middle and straightens, Khawaja is behind the line as he defends;
12.2;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run driven with the spin to cover, good stop by Karunaratne who dived to his left;
12.1;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run slider on middle, punched back to the bowler;
11.6;1lb;Perera to Khawaja, 1 leg bye tickled with the angle towards fine leg, umpire says it was off the pad;
11.5;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run plays with the bat well in front of the pad as he blocks the in-drifter on middle;
11.4;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run breaks away from off stump, Khawaja defends off the back foot;
11.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run driven with the spin to mid-off, which is a little too deep;
11.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run big appeal for lbw, but Warner went a long way across the stumps to sweep. Good decision from umpire Richard Kettleborough;
11.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run once again a touch full outside off, Warner punches from the crease, straight to cover;
10.6;?;Dhananjaya to Khawaja, no run pushes with the bat ahead of his pad, defended without much trouble;
10.5;3;Dhananjaya to Warner, 3 runs throws his bat at that, finds the gap behind point, Karunaratne gives it chase and slides across the turf to pull it back in;
10.4;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run stretches forward and blocks;
10.3;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run slideds back in to cramp him for room, pushed to cover;
10.2;?;Dhananjaya to Warner, no run inside edge, fortunate that it didn't roll back onto the stumps, this one hits his pad;
10.1;4;Dhananjaya to Warner, FOUR runs short, and he's hammered that into the midwicket boundary. Picked the length early and just went through with the stroke. A wallop!;
9.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run steps out and flicks it across the line to mid-on, he was on the move, so completes the single without any hassle;
9.5;?;Perera to Warner, no run bites one from the rough outside off, Warner chased that one, only to see the ball beat the edge by not much;
9.4;3;Perera to Khawaja, 3 runs too close to cut, he somehow makes room and gets enough bat on the punch to come back for three, beat cover and point;
9.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run too full, stays inside the crease and eases it towards cover for a quick single;
9.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run sharp turn from outside off, Warner looks to give it a thwack but then checks his shot at the last moment;
9.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run sliding down leg, Warner is struck on the left pad as he prods forward;
8.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run shoulders arms to one that nips back in from outside off;
8.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run stays inside the crease and bunts a length ball on of stump towards gully;
8.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run width on offer, crunched to deep point;
8.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run in the off stump channel from around the stumps, left alone;
8.2;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs crisp drive, didn't try to hit it too hard. Just a gentle push forward as he times it superbly between cover and mid-off. The trick was to let the ball slide onto the bat;
8.1;2;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 2 runs short, wide and a thwack. Herath has work to do at deep cover, runs around the ropes to cut that off;
7.6;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run eased with the spin to short cover, testing over this time;
7.5;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run leading edge, but rolls along the ground to the off side. Closed the bat face early, but was done in by the drift;
7.4;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run how did that miss the off stump, I don't know. Can't be the judgment. Khawaja is extremely lucky as this one, which he expected to turn, skids on and misses the stumps by a whisker;
7.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run steps out and works it across the line to midwicket for a quick single;
7.2;?;Perera to Warner, no run drifts into middle and leg, Warner lunges forward and blocks;
7.1;?;Perera to Warner, no run comes back in with the arm from around the stumps, Warner can't get any room to cut, bunts it to the off side, an awkward bunt at that, not far from the pad;
6.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run predictable stuff, a full delivery angling away, left alone again;
6.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run too full, enticing Khawaja to drive, left alone;
6.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run back of length delivery that nips away from off stump, Khawaja shoulders arms;
6.3;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run once again, floated just around the off stump, Khawaja doesn't want to be troubled by that away-going delivery;
6.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run not far away from the edge. Slants one across Khawaja who plays inside the line of that delivery;
6.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Khawaja, no run angles one across Khawaja, who watches it through to the keeper;
5.6;?;Perera to Warner, no run stretches forward and blocks;
5.5;4;Perera to Warner, FOUR runs swept across the line towards deep backward square leg, looks like Herath got a bad bounce, but he didn't look like stopping it at any stage. He also reacted a second or two late, the ball was spinning too, which he failed to account for. One thing's for sure, Warner has decided he wont' miss any opportunity to score runs here;
5.4;?;Perera to Warner, no run straightens after pitching outside off, Warner plays for turn, ends up chopping it to point;
5.3;?;Perera to Warner, no run sharp turn but it's the bounce that will cause all sorts of confusion in Warner's mind. This one takes off from outside off, Warner watches it whizz past him;
5.2;1;Perera to Khawaja, 1 run gets to the pitch of the ball and drives it between cover and point for an easy single;
5.1;2;Perera to Khawaja, 2 runs driven inside-out, it's a crisp drive too into the gap at extra cover. He opened the bat face late to find the gap, Nicely done;
4.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run nips away off the seam, looks to draw Warner forward and get him to drive, but he lets it go instead;
4.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run angles it full and across Warner, who watches it through to the keeper again;
4.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run floats a length ball across the left-hander, left alone;
4.3;2;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 2 runs leans forward and eases that on the up towards sweeper cover, Khawaja was extremely slow to turn for the second, a direct hit at the bowler's end would have made it interesting;
4.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run has it carried? bounced in front of first slip. The angle he created forced Warner to poke at that one, gets a genuine edge. Is the cordon a little too deep?;
4.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs short, wide and Warner gets an under-edge between gully and point as he looks to slap it in front of squre;
3.6;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run eased to the off side, hits the shin pads of the silly point fielder;
3.5;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run not much turn this time, Khawaja is well forward as he defends;
3.4;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run goes back deep into the crease to negotiate that in-drifter on the stumps;
3.3;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run leans forward and blocks the full ball on the stumps;
3.2;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run beaten by turn and bounce. This one was held back just a touch, Khawaja, nowhere near the pitch of the ball, threw his bat at that;
3.1;?;Perera to Khawaja, no run drifts into middle, driven with the spin to cover;
2.6;?;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, no run hit high on the thigh pad again as he looks to work it to the leg side;
2.5;?;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, no run this one nips back into middle and leg from wide of the crease, Warner plays outside the line and gets an inside edge onto his thigh pad;
2.4;4;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, FOUR runs was no more than a check drive, but he's timed that so beautifully on the up to beat the diving Angelo Mathews at cover.;
2.3;?;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, no run much better from Vishwa, who floats it full on off stump, the ball skids on after pitching, driven firmly to extra cover;
2.2;1;Vishwa Fernando to Khawaja, 1 run angling into the pads, worked towards deep square leg;
2.1;?;Vishwa Fernando to Khawaja, no run too full outside off, left alone;
1.6;2;Herath to Warner, 2 runs shapes to cut but is cramped for room as the ball spins back in sharply, goes through with the stroke and manages to pierce the gap at cover;
1.5;1;Herath to Khawaja, 1 run this time he delivers it from closer to the stumps, tickled with the spin towards fine leg;
1.4;?;Herath to Khawaja, no run angles it full with a low round-arm release from wide of the crease, blocked;
1.3;?;Herath to Khawaja, no run goes off the outer half of the bat towards point;
1.2;?;Herath to Khawaja, no run flatter one on middle, bites back in, defended off the back foot;
1.1;?;Herath to Khawaja, no run gets forward and turns the full ball to short midwicket;
0.6;4;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, FOUR runs thumped in front of square. Short, wide and he's pierced the off side ring, between cover and point;
0.5;?;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, no run shapes one full and away from Warner, who lets it go this time;
0.4;4;Vishwa Fernando to Warner, FOUR runs hops back into the crease and whips the short incoming delivery off his hip into the square leg boundary. Both feet were off the ground when he made contact. Superb timing;
0.3;3;Vishwa Fernando to Khawaja, 3 runs short ball on middle, Khawaja pulls it in front of square towards deep midwicket, he was on top of the bounce as he kept it all along the ground;
0.2;W;Vishwa Fernando to Burns, OUT wicket off the first ball in Sri Lanka's innings, now a wicket off the second ball in Australia's innings. It was short, Burns looks to thump this in front of square but gets it nowhere near the middle as it lobs to Kusal at midwicket. The debutant is delighted, and why not. A wicket is a wicket, and he's got one off his second ball in Test cricket;Joe Burns c Perera b Fernando 0 (1m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
0.1;?;Vishwa Fernando to Burns, no run starts off with a loose delivery, short and angling across, , one which Burns can't reach out;

Surprise? Not really. Rangana Herath to open the bowling from the other end. Slip, short leg and silly point in place
 Innings Start
Sri Lanka
Australia
2nd Test, Galle, Aug 4 - 6 2016, Australia tour of Sri Lanka
281 &
106 &
Player of the match is Dilruwan Perera, SL
Sri Lanka won by 229 runs
