Data
5.01pm Par scores for 20 overs - 41 if they haven't lost a wicket, 48 if they've lost one, 58 if they've lost three, 69 if they lose four. Miller is back for the chase.
Are you backing Australia to go all the way in this Champions Trophy? Make your predictions here. For those in India, you can play Fantasy cricket and win.
Jmani: "This is how Karma works. Rain helped Aus avoid defeat against NZ and the same rain can deny a win for them here. " harsh: "Varun, may be we are being too harsh on BD. May be the pitch is not conducive for big scores? May be there is still hope for BD?" --- I'm not one to destroy hope, so maybe. Richard: "The extra 20 minutes now gives Aus a real chance of squeezing in a match. Base the chase around the magic 20-over mark." Sam: "I disagree with the comments suggesting that overs should be reduced pre-match based on forecasts (simply because meteorology isn't accurate enough to do that), but I do think officials should be more flexible about breaks so that players don't end up sitting inside eating cucumber sandwiches when they could be making the most of good playing conditions." Andy: "Tamim scoring 52% of the BD innings. Could have been much better if had some support from other end."
Starc: Hopefully the skipper is happy with that or he might get a few short ones. It was quite windy and quite cold because of which there wasn't much swing. Josh got it moving a little bit off the wicket when the ball was hard. A lot more discipline from us today to keep Bangladesh down to 182. It has been three months since I got a wicket; nice to get a few and contribute.
4.43pm Through all the ranting about rain, we've successfully completed one innings in this match. Only 20 more, and we will have a result. Expect Australia to come really, really hard at this target. They've done really well to close this innings out, but Bangladesh barely did themselves any favours. Could be argued that they might have been too watchful at the start, but this tame end vindicates that plan. They were up against a superior bowling line-up, but the platform had been laid. Two lose shots against Zampa undid all of that. Tamim Iqbal got more than thrice the next best batsman, and more than half of all his team. When that happens, you tend to have paltry totals. And 182 is a paltry total.
44.3;W;Starc to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, OUT aaaaaaaand done. Starc has 4 off 9 balls. This is slightly short of being overpitched, but it tails away from Mehedi a touch. He wants to thump it on the up through the off side, but that's too quick;Mehidy Hasan Miraz b Starc 14 (36m 26b 1x4 0x6) SR: 53.84;
44.2;1;Starc to Mustafizur, 1 run loud cheers as he gets bat on this and squeezes it past point. Don't be fooled, he didn't know much about this either. Backed away, stretched out and threw his bat at out at this and backward point got a bad bounce;
44.1;?;Starc to Mustafizur, no run backs away, watches it swing in from outside off stump from a length, shows all the stumps and leaves the most brave leave ever left;
43.6;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run hostile. Short ball in the corridor, steep bounce and it beats his outside edge as he looks to dab this to take a single. Won't retain the strike;
43.5;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run bouncer at middle stump, flies past the attempted pull and forces Wade to leap to complete the take;
43.4;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run backs away again, this time he gets a yorker at middle stump. Toe-ends the drive to mid-off;
43.3;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run backs away, gets followed by a bouncer, and the result is an under-edge as he looks to pull;
43.2;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run good length, angled in at off stump, solidly behind it to defend;
43.1;?;Cummins to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot into the off side;
42.6;?;Starc to Mustafizur, no run this is deadly from Starc. Proper movement into the batsman to rap him on the front pad, he didn't know a lot about it;
42.5;?;Starc to Mustafizur, no run how on earth?! This yorker swings in viciously and has no answer from the batsman. Miraculously, it bisects the inside edge and the off stump and sneaks through to Wade;
42.4;W;Starc to Rubel, OUT thanks for coming. Rubel appears to be shuddering before Starc releases the ball. Exposes the stumps and is met, predictably, by a full straight ball. Ambitious opening of the face brings him no result;Rubel Hossain b Starc 0 (1m 1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
42.3;W;Starc to Mortaza, OUT ta-dah! Full, fast, straight, and it's that sweet sound of the stumps being disturbed that Mortaza has probably grown up loving. But he's the batsman today;Mashrafe Mortaza b Starc 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
42.2;?;Starc to Mortaza, no run there it is, the yorker. But slightly wide of off stump. It had gone past the outside edge of both bat and off stump before Mortaza knew what was happening;
42.1;W;Starc to Tamim, OUT oh no, that's an unfortunate end to a good innings. It's that trademark one-legged whip again, but this time he closes the face too early. Wasn't a particularly menacing ball from Starc, short and at leg stump. The top edge carried neatly to long leg;Tamim Iqbal c Hazlewood b Starc 95 (175m 114b 6x4 3x6) SR: 83.33;
41.6;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run goes for the sweep, this time it's too full outside off. Beats him;
41.5;2;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 2 runs goes low and stretches out to paddle this good length ball from well outside off, a jog to the right for long leg;
41.4;1;Zampa to Tamim, 1 run googly, slides through at ankle height from a good length, deflects it to short third;
41.3;1;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run length outside off stump, pushed out to sweeper cover;
41.2;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run back of a length at off stump, tries to run it fine of short third, can't get it past;
41.1;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run floated up at off stump, driven to extra cover;
40.6;1;Starc to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run low full toss, swerves away after angling in at off stump, thick outside edge down to third man;
40.5;1;Starc to Tamim, 1 run back of a length at the hips, glanced wide of long leg;
40.5;1w;Starc to Tamim, 1 wide full and fired well down the leg side, Wade leaps low to his right;
40.4;2;Starc to Tamim, 2 runs nice. Picks the slower ball, watches it rise off a length and opens the face at the last moment to run this past Wade;
40.3;?;Starc to Tamim, no run back of a length in the corridor, climbs sharply but so does Tamim. Gets behind it and opens the face, but backward point dives to his right to stop a single;
40.2;1;Starc to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run good length at off stump, gets behind the line and pushes it to point's right;
40.1;?;Starc to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run full and fired at off stump from around the wicket, no feet, reaches out and skews it to point on the up;
39.6;1;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run uses the angle, picks this off this hips, gets it to fine leg for a single;
39.5;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run short ball, leg stump, jumps inside the line and controls the hook shot, single to long leg;
39.4;1;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, slices it to third man with a flourish;
39.3;?;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run good length at off stump, plays this late, defends it under his eyes;
39.2;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run good length at middle stump, watches it onto the bat and uses his wrists to tap this to midwicket;
39.1;2;Hazlewood to Tamim, 2 runs back of a length at leg stump, gets that front leg barrier up again, then whips it wide of long leg;
38.6;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run quicker one, fired in at leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
38.5;4;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, FOUR runs good shot. This skids on from a good length, but he gets the bat down quickly after going back in the crease. Dragged nicely past fine leg with a pull;
38.4;1;Zampa to Tamim, 1 run good length at leg stump, leans in, drops it in front of short fine;
38.3;1;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run back of a length at middle stump, gets deep in the crease and whips this nicely to long-on;
38.2;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run good length, floated up at middle stump, flicked straight to midwicket;
38.1;?;Zampa to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run dropped short at off stump, chopped straight to backward point;
37.6;1;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run yikes, he had no clue there. This one climbed sharply from back of a length and was headed for his rib cage. He takes his eyes off the ball, one hand off the bat and fends at this to get it down to fine leg;
37.5;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run back of a length at middle stump, whipped off the back foot to deep midwicket;
37.4;2;Hazlewood to Tamim, 2 runs slower bouncer at the chest, gets his front leg up to maintain his balance as he pulls this nicely between deep square and deep midwicket;
37.3;1;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run nearly hits this bouncer down fine leg's throat. He's not a very tall man, so he got under this easily, but there was no control on that hook. Lands in front of the fielder;
37.2;?;Hazlewood to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run good length, speared in at off stump, but the teenager gets nicely behind this to defend off the front foot;
37.1;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run short and angled wide of off stump, dabs it to third man;
36.6;W;Zampa to Mahmudullah, OUT doesn't matter if that was out last ball, he's gifted him a wicket next ball. This is pushed through quick, back of a length and keeps a tad low. Mahmudullah makes room and looks to slap this through the off side, is only successful in chopping it onto the leg stump;Mahmudullah b Zampa 8 (10m 11b 0x4 1x6) SR: 72.72;
36.5;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run looks to sweep, misses and looks to be hit in front. Loud appeal is turned down. Pitching outside leg?;
36.4;1;Zampa to Tamim, 1 run good length at middle stump, goes on the back foot and tucks this into the open leg side;
36.3;?;Zampa to Tamim, no run full at middle stump, pushes it to midwicket after reaching the pitch;
36.2;1;Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run low full toss at leg stump, pushed through fast, tapped to long-off with an open face;
36.1;1;Zampa to Tamim, 1 run tossed up at leg stump, Tamim leans into it and clips to deep square;
35.6;?;Maxwell to Mahmudullah, no run good length at middle stump, backs away to make room, but bunts it straight to short third man;
35.5;?;Maxwell to Mahmudullah, no run this one slides through with the angle and beats his outside edge as he looks to defend off the front foot;
35.4;6;Maxwell to Mahmudullah, SIX runs flighted at leg stump on a good length, Mahmudullah meets it at the pitch after galloping down the track and hammers this flat over the long-on boundary;
35.3;1;Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run good length at off stump, driven on the up to long-off;
35.2;1;Maxwell to Mahmudullah, 1 run gets low and makes this a full toss, then ramps it to fine leg from an off stump line;
35.1;1;Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run good length, sharp drift into a good length outside off, takes the outside edge after turning as Tamim pokes at this. Single to short third's right;
34.6;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run good length, middle stump, forward block back to the bowler;
34.5;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run drift, good length, slight jump upwards as he turns this, outside half defence from the batsman;
34.4;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run googly, keeps low from a length, makes him hurry down the leg side to push this to extra cover;
34.3;?;Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run full and fast at the toes, feebly poked into the leg side;
34.2;W;Zampa to Sabbir, OUT he strikes! Generously tossed up, full and wide. Sabbir has gotten out to better spin bowling than this. Gets to the pitch and drills the cover drive straight to Smith at extra cover;Sabbir Rahman c Smith b Zampa 8 (23m 14b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
34.1;?;Zampa to Sabbir, no run drifted in full at leg stump, gives him the charge and yorks himself. Jams it back to the bowler;
33.6;1;Hazlewood to Sabbir, 1 run banged in short, pulled fine, but gets away with a rare poor ball as fine leg gathers;
33.5;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run full length, angled across the crease, and a quick single to the leg side;
33.4;1;Hazlewood to Sabbir, 1 run on the back foot, wafted down to third man;
33.3;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run a spliced pull, and he gets away with it! Plops in no-man's land at short midwicket, perfectly bissecting two fielders;
33.2;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run spanked down the track as Tamim advances and almost hauls himself off his feet with a round-house wallop. But mid-on slides to intercept;
33.1;1;Hazlewood to Sabbir, 1 run tight line, under the nose, worked to point off the back foot;
32.6;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run width, can't connect, maybe a touch lucky not to be called wide;
32.5;1;Cummins to Sabbir, 1 run good firm strike off the back foot, out through the covers;
32.4;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run slower ball, Tamim slides across his stumps to pilfer a single through third man;
32.3;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run more aggression from Tamim, advancing down the pitch, but no real contact;
32.2;4;Cummins to Tamim, FOUR runs that's tremendous, aggressive line into the ribs, but Tamim topples inside the line, takes the leg gully out of the equation with a sweetly struck pull over backward square;
32.1;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run round the wicket, squeezed down into the pitch;
31.6;1lb;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 leg bye back of a length, doesn't get up much as Tamim attempts a loose wafty leg-glance;
31.5;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run forward and blocked down the pitch;
31.4;1;Hazlewood to Sabbir, 1 run up on the toes, attacking the ribs. Good aggression, deflected to the leg side;
31.3;?;Hazlewood to Sabbir, no run down the track and punched to mid-off;
31.2;?;Hazlewood to Sabbir, no run tight line, zips through a loose waft;
31.1;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run Tamim on the stampede down the track, an under-edged swivel-pull, and Wade does well to get a palm on a stretching defence;
30.6;?;Cummins to Sabbir, no run short and quick, Sabbir rides the bounce and defends to gully;
30.5;?;Cummins to Sabbir, no run odd non-shot. Rather aborted his forward defence, and Smith is tempted to review as the ball raps the pads. Probably going over, on balance;
30.4;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run round the wicket, attacking the ribs. Tamim hops inside the line and settles for the single to square leg;
30.3;1;Cummins to Sabbir, 1 run tight line on off stump, squirted to backward point where Maxwell dives over the ball to gift a single;
30.2;?;Cummins to Sabbir, no run forward and defended;
30.1;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run outside off, angled bat through third man;
29.6;2;Head to Sabbir, 2 runs down on one knee, and flipped over the shoulder to get Sabbir up and running;
29.5;W;Head to Shakib, OUT Massive appeal, and up goes the finger! An instant review though from Shakib ... He was a long way forward, but it's given as umpire's call on impact, and the decision stays out!;Shakib Al Hasan lbw b Head 29 (49m 48b 2x4 0x6) SR: 60.41;
29.4;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run Head needs beheading, is Tamim's attitude, but his massive wipe over the covers doesn't connect this time, and falls just short of the sweeper;
29.3;?;Head to Tamim, no run dabbed to the off side;
29.2;6;Head to Tamim, SIX runs hello, massive! Tamim comes charging, he's got the measure of Head's length now, and this goes miles back into the stands at long off!;
29.1;6;Head to Tamim, SIX runs well now, that's dented his figures a touch! Or by 25% in fact, down the track, lambasted over the off side and plops over the rope!;
28.6;?;Cummins to Shakib, no run angled out to third man, but gathered at backward point;
28.5;?;Cummins to Shakib, no run caught on the crease a touch with a good hostile full length;
28.4;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run tucked into the leg-side, wears it on the gloves as he does so;
28.3;1;Cummins to Shakib, 1 run tapped to third man;
28.2;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run hangs back in the crease this time, and nudges to leg;
28.1;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run galloping down the track, and a very sharp bouncer sends Tamim into his shell. Good riposte to pre-meditated aggression;
27.6;?;Head to Shakib, no run hustled through, chopped to the off side;
27.5;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run another half-hearted charge, and a dab through third man;
27.4;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run flicked to leg, decent momentum building here;
27.3;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run advances down the track, and drilled into the off side. Looked more emphatic than it was, but another single all the same;
27.2;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run into the toes, a round-house waft into the leg side. That's the fifty stand;
27.1;?;Head to Shakib, no run back and across, attempted cut;
26.6;?;Starc to Tamim, no run banged in short, and Tamim hops into line well to defend;
26.5;1;Starc to Shakib, 1 run on the back foot, tapped to the off side, and excellent communication on the quick single;
26.4;?;Starc to Shakib, no run pushed into the off side;
26.3;2;Starc to Shakib, 2 runs short and cut again, to bring up the hundred as the point sweeper gathers;
26.2;?;Starc to Shakib, no run forward and pushed to the off side;
26.1;4;Starc to Shakib, FOUR runs a wide and low full-toss and put away smartly. Reaching out to steer a loose delivery through backward point;
25.6;?;Head to Tamim, no run worked off the toes, and has to scurry back into the crease as Wade makes good ground from behind the stumps to field;
25.5;?;Head to Tamim, no run a bit of width and Tamim climbs into a drive, but short cover is well placed;
25.4;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run another calm single into the covers;
25.3;?;Head to Shakib, no run up on the toes, poked out to point;
25.2;?;Head to Shakib, no run;
25.1;?;Head to Shakib, no run tapped into the off side;
24.6;1;Starc to Shakib, 1 run lifting delivery into the hip, pops up and lands safely;
24.5;1;Starc to Tamim, 1 run rolls the wrists on a handsome drive into the covers;
24.4;?;Starc to Tamim, no run tighter line;
24.3;1;Starc to Shakib, 1 run short and sharp, into the body. Tucked to short leg;
24.2;?;Starc to Shakib, no run defended to cover;
24.1;?;Starc to Shakib, no run punched into the off side;
23.6;?;Head to Tamim, no run gave himself room, and Head opted for tails, spearing the ball into his toes to complete a good, restrictive over;
23.5;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run pushed firmly to long-off;
23.4;?;Head to Shakib, no run tight line on off stump. Defended watchfully from a neutral stance;
23.3;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run looped up onto the toes, pushed firmly to long-on, and there is Tamim's fifty. What a player he is;
23.2;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run beats short cover with an open-faced steer;
23.1;?;Head to Shakib, no run big stride forward, pushed to cover;
22.6;4;Henriques to Tamim, FOUR runs on the hip, swivelled round the corner. Now that's an over that's brought the crowd to life! Sixteen from it ...;
22.5;1;Henriques to Shakib, 1 run wristy drive, into the covers.;
22.4;1;Henriques to Tamim, 1 run tucks the single to take the adrenalin out of the situation. Good batting;
22.3;4;Henriques to Tamim, FOUR runs more fierce intent, as Tamim advances again, reminiscent of his battering of India in Trinidad a decade ago, as he hauls a pull through mid-on!;
22.2;6;Henriques to Tamim, SIX runs that is vast! Three strides down the pitch, like a Happy Gilmore tee-shot, and met with a thrilling, open-faced, lofted flog over the covers!;
22.1;?;Henriques to Tamim, no run swing from leg to off, angled defence into the off side;
21.6;2;Starc to Shakib, 2 runs cut hard and dropped at backward point! Maxwell wrings his hands as the ball flies into no-man's land, and the batsmen have to hurry to rush back for two! All happening!;
21.5;?;Starc to Shakib, no run more ambition in the drive, but no width to work with;
21.4;1;Starc to Tamim, 1 run angled down to third man;
21.3;?;Starc to Tamim, no run battered into the covers, an emphatic stride on the front foot. But Smith at short cover has lightning hands;
21.2;?;Starc to Tamim, no run good length once again, Tamim throws the bat into a drive, but inside-edges into his pads;
21.1;?;Starc to Tamim, no run tidy line and length, a foot outside off, and tempting a flat-footed waft;
20.6;1;Henriques to Tamim, 1 run good connection once again, meeting the short ball with a roll of the wrists to deep square leg;
20.5;2;Henriques to Tamim, 2 runs short and straight, and Tamim hauls a pull in front of square, just out of reach of the close catcher and tidied up in the deep;
20.4;1;Henriques to Shakib, 1 run another drive into the off side, Australia doing well to limit the width on offer;
20.3;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run a cross-batted tap into the covers;
20.2;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run ambitious flog from a static position. No real contact;
20.1;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run a big stride down the wicket, and a punch through the line;
19.6;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run drilled into the covers, beats an enthusiastic dive. But this is a tidy, restrictive line from Head. No liberties being taken;
19.5;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run driven off the back foot, straight to short cover;
19.4;?;Head to Tamim, no run hopping back and across and defended back to the bowler;
19.3;?;Head to Tamim, no run a bit more venom behind that drive, but short cover is well placed;
19.2;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run full length, met right under the eyeline and punched into the covers;
19.1;?;Head to Shakib, no run squeezed out to point;
18.6;?;Henriques to Tamim, no run good finish to the over. Straight and straighter. Nowhere to go but straight back down the line;
18.5;1;Henriques to Shakib, 1 run up on the toes, cut down to third man;
18.4;2;Henriques to Shakib, 2 runs too much width this time and that is scorched through the covers with an emphatic swing of the bat and a glorious followthrough. A good sliding stop on the rope to limit the damage;
18.3;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run very full length, swinging across the left-hander's bows. Punched to mid-off;
18.2;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run leaning onto the front foot, attempted push into the covers;
18.1;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run a round-house pull, not connected;
17.6;?;Head to Tamim, no run this one grips, Tamim plays back and across to defend;
17.5;1;Head to Shakib, 1 run settles for the single with a push to long-off;
17.4;?;Head to Shakib, no run on the pads this time, but can't work it away;
17.3;?;Head to Shakib, no run tight angled line again, pushed into the off side;
17.2;?;Head to Shakib, no run sliding in towards the off stump from round the wicket. "Nice, Heady!" is the cry from behind the stumps. And it's true;
17.1;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run round the wicket, rising into a back-foot push into the covers;
16.6;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run tries to work one off the hip, but can't get it away;
16.5;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run tighter line, solid defence;
16.4;4;Henriques to Shakib, FOUR runs too short, too wide, and that is utterly flogged, through backward square. Emphatic;
16.3;?;Henriques to Shakib, no run tight line to the left-hander, defended back down the pitch;
16.2;W;Henriques to Mushfiqur, OUT similar delivery, better result for Australia! Angled in towards middle and off, a scrambled seam, skids into the pads and up goes the finger. That was very plumb indeed;Mushfiqur Rahim lbw b Henriques 9 (28m 20b 0x4 0x6) SR: 45;
16.1;?;Henriques to Mushfiqur, no run angling into the pads, a squeezed inside-edge down into the pitch;
15.6;1;Head to Mushfiqur, 1 run good length at off stump, goes deep in the crease, drops it into the off side with soft hands;
15.5;2;Head to Mushfiqur, 2 runs walks across the stumps to try and paddle this from outside leg. It doesn't look like he got bat on that, but Wade wasn't close. This runs fine and the fielder has to run a long way to his right to cut it off, with a slide;
15.4;?;Head to Mushfiqur, no run full at leg stump, clipped straight to short midwicket;
15.3;?;Head to Mushfiqur, no run stays deep in the crease, pulls this length ball from off stump, but can't beat Warner's dive at square leg;
15.2;?;Head to Mushfiqur, no run good length, middle stump, goes deep in the crease to defend it;
15.1;?;Head to Mushfiqur, no run good length, flat, leg stump, tickled off the pads to fine leg;
14.6;?;Henriques to Tamim, no run good length at middle stump, steps out and swipes across the line, toe-ends it to short midwicket;
14.5;1;Henriques to Mushfiqur, 1 run short and a touch wide outside off, sliced aerially to third man;
14.4;?;Henriques to Mushfiqur, no run rush of blood. Back of a length outside off stump, Rahim is down the track to try and smash this over midwicket with a flat bat. Gets an inside edge that misses leg stump;
14.3;?;Henriques to Mushfiqur, no run good length at off stump, defended off the back foot;
14.2;1;Henriques to Tamim, 1 run bouncer, too slow. Tamim is up quickly to get behind this and nails the pull shot, along the floor, straight to deep square leg;
14.1;1;Henriques to Mushfiqur, 1 run back of a length in the corridor, open face to run it to third man;
13.6;?;Head to Tamim, no run good length, fired flat at off stump. Tamim steps out and isn't to the pitch this time. Gets his body behind it quickly and pushes it back down the pitch. "I like him running," screams Wade;
13.5;?;Head to Tamim, no run nice juicy full toss, this becomes, after Tamim goes down the track. But he's got the timing woefully wrong. Bat turns, Smith doesn't have to move at short midwicket to field this;
13.4;?;Head to Tamim, no run good length, off stump, forward block;
13.3;?;Head to Tamim, no run good length, pitches outside off and turns away a touch, nothing too difficult for Tamim who pokes this to point;
13.2;1;Head to Mushfiqur, 1 run floated up at middle stump, flicked down to long-on;
13.1;1;Head to Tamim, 1 run full, drifted in at off stump, gets to the pitch and pushes this to long-on;
12.6;?;Cummins to Mushfiqur, no run full at middle stump, offers the full face as he drives this straight to mid-on;
12.5;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run throws his hands at another one outside off, and is beaten for pace once more. This time it's closer to him, he gets it off the toe to third man;
12.5;1w;Cummins to Tamim, 1 wide back of a length, well wide of the marker outside off;
12.4;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run beats the outside edge. Cummins throws this a tad fuller and outside off stump, Tamim wants to cream this through the covers but is beaten for pace;
12.3;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run good bouncer, nicely directed at an off stump line, but Tamim has been there long enough to get under this and let it go;
12.2;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run good length at middle stump, looks to poke this into the off side, but can't close the face quickly enough. Gets it straight to mid-on;
12.1;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run back of a length, slightly outside off stump, watchfully left alone;
11.6;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run full and angled across off stump, Tamim successfully predicts the line and is promptly across with a shuffle. Steals a single wide of mid-on;
11.5;1;Hazlewood to Mushfiqur, 1 run takes on the bouncer, too late on the hook. This was at his throat. Top edge lands well in front of fine leg;
11.4;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, arches back, opens the face and fends this on the bounce past a diving slip;
11.3;1;Hazlewood to Mushfiqur, 1 run back of a length, wide outside off stump. Looks to chop this behind square but gets it into the turf off the under edge;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Mushfiqur, no run good length, off stump, gets behind this for the front foot defence;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Mushfiqur, no run good length, angled in at off stump, defended back down the pitch;
10.6;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run good length, angled away from off stump, left alone;
10.5;?;Cummins to Tamim, no run good length at off stump, big stride in to defend this;
10.5;1w;Cummins to Tamim, 1 wide bouncer, too short, and down the leg side. Tamim ducks and accepts the extra;
10.4;1;Cummins to Mushfiqur, 1 run good length, corridor, thick outside edge down to third man as he plays slightly inside the line;
10.3;?;Cummins to Mushfiqur, no run gets it to climb from back of a length, just outside off stump, Rahim arches backwards to let it go;
10.2;W;Cummins to Imrul, OUT soft. But once again, it's the pace off the pitch that beats Kayes. This is back of a length and a but wide outside off stump, but too quick for him to get on the back foot. Looks to clobber it on the up, but offers a simple catch to cover point;Imrul Kayes c Finch b Cummins 6 (23m 16b 0x4 0x6) SR: 37.5;
10.1;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run back of a length, pitches outside leg, smashes into the thigh guard. Cummins is getting help off the pitch, but the proper line has been elusive;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run walks across his stumps to disturb the bowler's line, but he pushes it even further wide and gets this length ball to fizz past the outside edge;
9.5;1;Hazlewood to Imrul, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, thick outside edge on the dab, flies past the solitary slip, third man gets around;
9.4;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run back of a length at middle stump, short-arm jab, well controlled, a single through vacant square leg;
9.3;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run mistimes another pull and gets away once more. This one is back of a length and he gets under it. It takes a glove and lobs gently in front of and to the right of Wade, whose dive can't beat gravity;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run good length, middle stump, pushed on the up to short midwicket;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run back of a length at off stump, back foot defence onto his front boot;
8.6;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run mistimed drive on the up. This is angled away from off stump at a length, he closes the face on it and can't beat mid-on;
8.5;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run yum. Gets this bouncer to climb from a leg stump line and fly past the batsman's left shoulder. He's lucky that was too fast for him, the edge wasn't far away;
8.4;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run full at middle stump, puts in the stride, covers the angle, and uses his wrists to push this between square leg and mid-on;
8.3;1lb;Cummins to Imrul, 1 leg bye gets this to skid off a length, raps him on the thigh guard as he leaps to try and glance this, fine leg cleans up to his left;
8.2;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run bit short, bit steep, but comfortably defended off the back foot;
8.1;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run back of a length outside off stump, pushed into the off side with soft hands;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run good length, off stump, solid forward block;
7.5;1;Hazlewood to Imrul, 1 run back of a length, angled away from off stump, open face, down to third man;
7.4;?;Hazlewood to Imrul, no run good length, lulls him into poking at this outside off and beats his outside edge;
7.3;2;Hazlewood to Imrul, 2 runs good length, angled across off stump. Kayes goes hard at this. Swipes across the line, but the bat turns. Still gets two out of it as it beats square leg;
7.2;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run back of a length at the pads, tucked away to fine leg;
7.1;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run length ball angled across off stump, defended down the pitch;
6.6;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run back of a length, off stump, nicely defended off the back foot;
6.5;?;Cummins to Imrul, no run good length, off stump, defended with an open face to point;
6.4;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run good length, middle stump, puts in a nice stride and pushes this to mid-on;
6.3;1;Cummins to Imrul, 1 run line not found yet. Cummins bowls another full one on the pads, Kayes deflects it to long leg;
6.2;1;Cummins to Tamim, 1 run back of a length on the hips, glanced straight to long leg this time;
6.1;2;Cummins to Tamim, 2 runs good length, leg stump, flicked to long leg's right, back for the second;
5.6;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run mistimed pull lands safely. This one is a tad short and angling away from Tamim who takes it on and gets it high on the bat. It clears mid-on but keeps him just about interested to his left, only to disappoint him in the end;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run length at off stump, drops it into the offside off the back foot;
5.4;1;Hazlewood to Imrul, 1 run full outside off stump, decent stride in but the timing on this cover drive has let it down. Toe-ends it wide of mid-off;
5.3;?;Hazlewood to Imrul, no run back of a length, angled away from off stump, defended off the back foot;
5.2;W;Hazlewood to Soumya, OUT well, this was coming. Length ball, pushes across the batsman in the corridor. No feet from him again, a lazy feel for the ball and he gets a healthy edge through to Wade, who has to tumble to his left slightly;Soumya Sarkar c ?Wade b Hazlewood 3 (24m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
5.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run oh loud shout. Hazlewood strikes Sarkar plumb in front of middle stump on the back leg, but Nigel Llong says not out. Good call, that pitched outside. It was an aimless poke from Sarkar, across the line, he doesn't look comfortable;
4.6;4;Starc to Tamim, FOUR runs goes after the wide one this time. It's short and he is behind it quickly to cut this into the floor and over point;
4.5;?;Starc to Tamim, no run full, straight, middle stump. Tamim watches it closely and flicks nicely to find square leg;
4.4;?;Starc to Tamim, no run back of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot to point;
4.3;?;Starc to Tamim, no run short and wide from Starc, Tamim won't take the bait;
4.2;4;Starc to Tamim, FOUR runs full at middle stump, Tamim goes for the drive with hard hands. Skews it off the inside half, but gets it wide of Cummins at mid-on who gives chase, puts in a slide...and awkwardly stops short of the boundary. Dry outfield? For now.;
4.1;?;Starc to Tamim, no run 144kph, good length, tailing inwards, but Tamim defends comfortably on the back foot;
3.6;2;Hazlewood to Soumya, 2 runs back of a length and at the hips, Sarkar waits and whips this past square leg. Some momentum for the batting team at last;
3.5;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run full at off stump, forward defence with a slightly open face, straight to point;
3.4;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run back of a length at middle, gets behind it and drops it into the leg side;
3.3;4;Hazlewood to Tamim, FOUR runs enough, says Tamim. Down the track before Hazlewood lets this go, and sufficiently leg side of this length ball to hammer a flat-batted zinger on the up past his partner;
3.2;1;Hazlewood to Soumya, 1 run good length, angled away from Sarkar, who opens the face to stab this down to third man to get off the mark;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run back of a length in the corridor, nervous poke into the off side off the back foot;
2.6;?;Starc to Tamim, no run back of a length at off stump, solidly behind the line to defend this back down the pitch;
2.5;?;Starc to Tamim, no run a yorker, just outside off stump, slight movement in, Tamim is happy to let it go;
2.4;?;Starc to Tamim, no run a big stare from the big fast bowler. He's hit Tamim on the glove with a bouncer. The batsman is late on this, but he's got his bat up awkwardly even as he's trying to get inside the line. Thankfully for him, this doesn't lob up to the slips;
2.3;?;Starc to Tamim, no run back of a length at middle, gets on his toes and drops this into the leg side with a closed face;
2.2;?;Starc to Tamim, no run good length, in the channel. Tamim's most confident stride of the day comes out this time, but he can't time this drive well enough to beat mid-off;
2.1;?;Starc to Tamim, no run full, aimed for off stump. Tamim is late on this with a half-stride, digs it into the pitch as he looks to drive with a full face;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run good length, angled across off stump, goes back to this and leaves his off stump exposed as he defends away from the body;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run good length, off stump, soft-handed forward block into the off side;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Soumya, no run length, off stump, slight slant away from the left-hander who is behind this to defend off the back foot;
1.3;1;Hazlewood to Tamim, 1 run full and straightening at leg stump, beats him for pace on the flick, ball dribbles away behind square off the pad;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run nice. Back of a length, off stump, and cutting away sharply as Tamim looks to poke at this off the back foot. Well beaten;
1.1;?;Hazlewood to Tamim, no run a shout for lbw, turned down. Tamim prods at this length ball with half a stride, and he's struck on the flap outside off. Going over;
0.6;?;Starc to Soumya, no run beats him on the inside edge once more. This is a yorker, just outside off stump. Sarkar tries to jam this to third man, but there's no feet from him again;
0.5;?;Starc to Soumya, no run ooooh yes. Ambitious from Sarkar first up. Pushes away from the body and looks to drive this length ball on the up, but it nips back sharply from outside off and flies over his off stump via the big gap;
0.4;1;Starc to Tamim, 1 run full, a shade wide outside off, he puts in a nervous stride and gets this down to third man off the outside half of the bat;
0.3;4lb;Starc to Tamim, 4 leg byes first runs. They're off the pad. Starc goes fuller this time, probably looking to shape this away from a middle stump line, but that goes down leg with his angle and past Tamim's flick for a tickle off the pads;
0.2;?;Starc to Tamim, no run touch wider this time, back of a length, he watches it go by;
0.1;?;Starc to Tamim, no run nice line to launch the innings, fading into the left-hander and ghosting past the edge;

5.30pm The clock ticks round to the prescribed hour. Mustafizur has the ball in conditions that may suit him. One slip, let's play
5.28pm Right, shockingly, we seem to have players in the middle. Let's get ready for a run-chase!
5.23pm "You are correct Fazlin. And you are wrong, Miller. If this game is washed out, Australia qualify if they beat England." Well, blow me down, if it isn't that most persistent of trolls, Andrew Schulz! I know nothing pleases Schulz more than me being wrong, so I'll give him his moment of ecstasy. What a lot of titillation for a dank, rainy evening!
5.16pm A restart time of 5.30pm! Hurrah! "Covers taking off the square," says Alan Gardner. "Now the run-ups..." Phwooar! It's like listening to updates from a Victorian peep-show. "Cricket is on the horizon ... but so are the clouds!" Noo! You buzzkill ...
"Roping the outfield..." says Alan. This is positively obscene...
5.14pm Here's Alan Gardner with some pitch-side musings. "It's ... mizzly," he opines. "Thought they were about to take off a cover... but no..." Ho hum. At least the food is good at The Oval this week!
Fazlin: "Lets assume today's game is washed out.. Then Aus have to just win Eng to qualify right?" Err ... probably, yes. Unless England and Bangladesh both beat New Zealand, in which case it comes down to NRR...
5.03pm Ta muchly, Varun. Annoyingly the covers are currently over the wicket, but happily, the rain doesn't seem too heavy right now, and it's only the run-ups under tarpaulines, the rest of the square is clear ... sit tight...
Sam: "If I was BD, I will make sure that the first 20 overs are bowled by fast bowlers, and try to drag the match as much as possible. If you do this with some defensive fields, who knows what could happen? Maybe Aus will get frustrated and try to hit out." Valid. Another washout would keep Bangladesh's slim hopes alive, and leave a sizeable dent in Australia's
 Innings Start
9.18pm Match Abandoned Move along, nothing left to see here. Australia's valiant quest to score no runs in four overs has fallen heroically short. Cricket's cat's cradle of nonsensical regulations is the runaway winner of another farcical evening! What japes!
Thanks for all your comments, sorry not to use them all. Don't forget to click on every highlights link UK/Aus/Ire only before you go, and leave them running overnight to rack up the hits. We'll be back for more fun and games tomorrow when England take on New Zealand at Cardiff.
GhulamAli: "I wish I could post Karma meme here." I'll do it for you before you go, Ghulam
9.13pm Avinash Iyer: "If it is not raining at Lords, can the players be carted over to St John's Wood and the game be continued there? I am sure a few choppers can be arranged, and Lords is no stranger to chopper landings......" I don't know what you are referring to ...
9.05pm REAL UPDATE ALERT! "If anything, rain getting heavier..." says Alan. There you go. That was worth the wait, wasn't it?
Tom de Sailor: "Hey Andrew, on a cricket related note, Aus sort of escaped defeat against NZ because of the rain, and are being denied of a win because of the rain. So they still get 2 points on the board(assuming no more play happens). Justice served?" Indubitably. Though I doubt they'll get much satisfaction from that
To reiterate ... the final cut-off for a restart is 9.59pm, which realistically means we need to have clear weather for half an hour beforehand. So... I suspect we're nearer the end than the beginning now...
9.03pm Sami: "Can you please give us an update rather than typing useless stuff". No. I really, really, truly can't. Sorry!
9.01pm imran: "look I clicked on bangla (to support your wages) iron maiden link, can you explain why the lady has antlers?" That one doesn't support my wages, alas. But thanks for the sentiment! As for the antlers, I guess they just do metal differently in Dhaka...
8.57pm Go on then, Alan ... tear yourself away from the buffet, and paint us a picture of midsummer bliss... "Thoroughly grim," he declares. He's not even trying any more... "Wetter than the showers at the swimming pool in Atlantis' leisure centre." That's better.
8.51pm Tick ... tock ... tick ... tock ... it's not quite the gallows pole for Australia if they can't force a win ... but they'll doubtless have some empathy for the protagonist in this understated rock rampage of yesteryear ...
Oh, and while we're on the subject, Gallow's Pole is also the name of Bangladesh's leading Iron Maiden and Megadeth covers band. And I bet you didn't expect to learn that at the start of play!
8.47pm Benny: "That Underwood match has a case for the greatest cricket game of all time. The ebb and flow, the incredible finish, underwood majesty, sensational Dolly hundred and most importantly what the Dolly hundred represented for not just cricket history but global history!" Well quite... stick that to the system!
8.43pm Pushan: "woohoo! This is fun...if you define your idea of fun as irritating the out of everyone! Somewhere...in the background, one can hear a song playing far away - raindrops are falling on my head!"
Swaps: "What about the rest of us not in the UK, Ireland and Australia who do like you and don't want you to get sacked? May we have a gif?" You can have a nice archived article about the 1992 rain-rules farce. Sorry, life is unfair. Just ask the Aussies!
8.41pm Nauroze: "Hi Andrew, are you a click-baiter to earn a little extra from the side ? " Nope, I'm just a troll with a job. And a lot of time to kill this evening. Still, while I'm at it, if you're in the UK, Ireland and Australia, make sure you click on lots of lovely highlights. You'll be paying my wages. (Or don't if you don't like me and want me sacked. See if I care ...)
8.33pm The legend that is Robin Abrahams, whose take on these scenarios is the definitive final word, confirms that the DLS par score, after 16 overs and one wicket down, would be 39. Therefore Australia have technically already won ... they just need to block out four overs. But they might not get the chance, because, as Alan confirms: "The square is completely covered again now. It's weather for ducks."
Ian: "Sadly the inventor of the hokey cokey died last week. Took them 3 days to get him in the coffin."
8.24pm Sanjay has a terrible confession to make. "Sorry," he says. "The target is 166, not 172..." When my fossilised remains are discovered in the distant future, those words will be tattooed across my forehead.
reggie: "Why does your latest comment with the hyperlink "Covers are back on" take me to a youtube video called 'hokey cokey' ?? " Does it? What bounder did that?!
8.17pm Covers coming back on!
Jamil: "Considering situation, Australia should play next 4 overs maiden instead of chasing the target... real chase should begin after 20 overs just in case if they need to" It's very true. We are now in the ludicrous situation whereby Australia's best hope of victory is to do as little as possible and ensure the overs are bowled. And Bangladesh's is to concede a gallon of runs, preferably to irretrievable corners of a now-empty ground, and run down the clock to the final rain break! Cricket is ludicrous!
Kamran: "You still use gchat, Miller ?! Google must give you an award or something." That's nothing! I'd still use MSN Messenger if anyone ever noticed my mournfully flashing Cluedo piece in the corner of their screen.
Restart at 8.30pm, if there's no more rain! "The 43 overs target will be 172," adds my sidekick, Sanjay. Not sure they'll need all of those. Four will suffice, if the rain does return!
8.10pm "The umps are waiting 10 mins for the outfield to be cleared, then having another look," says Alan. So that will about now, then? Now then now then?
Balaji prasad: "Who is this Alan that the commentators keep talking to? Is he similar to the volleyball in the movie "Castaway"? Are the commentators talking to a bat or a flashing stump/bail?? Is the rain getting to me?" I dunno. He just keeps popping up on my gchat, saying things at me.
8.08pm Rhys: "Last year, at a game between Surrey and Somerset, there was a 4-hour rain delay - thunder, lightning (to the extent one of the scoreboards was damaged), and they cleared up and finished the game off. The groundstaff at The Oval are some of the best, let me tell you." Sounds a bit like Underwood's match in 1968 ... those were the days...
8.04pm Karth: "It is not necessary for both teams to bat 20 overs for a result if team batting second achieved the total in less than 20 overs." This is also true. I've given up trying to rationalise the irrational.
Irfan Mir: "I just checked out about Dubai Tennis Championship. Djokovic defeated Mikhail Youzhny in the 2010 finals but the match wasn't curtailed by rain and Djokovic won the first round 7-5." Aha, here it is. As you were.
8pm Right, it is, in theory, inspection (ship-shape-and-shine?) time. What can Alan see through the round window? "Can't see the umps," he says, somewhat unpromisingly. "But covers still being dragged off rather than on. Ooh, they're out there now..." Progress...
7.56pm WashOut: "Will these washed out games help in pay dispute negotiations? Just wondering..." Well, I guess the Aussies will be owed some overtime?
7.53pm Rahul R Jois : "2011 2011 Dubai Tennis Championship, Djokovic didn't even play against Youzhny. Stop publishing fake news"... boo, you're no fun. Everyone's at it these days!
7.43pm Right, here is the definitive tale of the tape. We will start losing overs (no, really) at 7.59pm, and thereafter one over will be reduced for every four minutes lost, leading to a final cut-off time at 9.59pm and final lights-out, dormitory-style, at 10.15pm!
Kunal: "From what I understand 20 overs is non-negotiable for a result. Both teams have to bat for 20 overs. Period" This man knows his onions.
Vikas Bansal: "I might be missing something. Can someone please remind me why in the world we are having Champions trophy in a country where its almost always rainy at this time of the year??" Because annoying people is even more fun than playing cricket!
7.41pm The covers are coming off. Repeat, the covers are coming off! An inspection at 8pm, so don't get too excited too quickly!
7.37pm Ilanin: "So let me get this straight: if the rain had come earlier, say after Australia's fifth over, and the match had then been reduced to 20 overs upon a resumption that allowed the next eleven overs to be bowled, the Australians would have won already, but with the situation as it is, we're probably getting a No Result?" Spot on! Isn't cricket great!
Sam: "Forget Perth, I was in Dubai during the Tennis Championship in 2011, where it poured like anything and Djokovic was crowned victor after losing the first set to Mikhail Youzhny based on his ranking after the match was called off. Crazy?!"
7.31pm "It's stopped raining (sort of)," says Alan. "Groundsmen tentatively beginning to mop up." Oh stop it, you tease. Haven't you got a cheese course to keep you busy?
Amjad: "Rain, Rain, don't go away. Bangla wants to make hay .... "
7.29pm A moderate reappraisal from Alan."They can extend the finish by 75 mins, according to the regs, which looks like 9.15pm. Just wake me up before you go-go.
Sunny: "How can the target be both 109 and 68 for same set of 20 overs. I am confused. Am I missing something?" You are missing the possibility of Bangladesh claiming nine quick wickets before the 20-over mark is reached. They are ahead of the rate at the moment, but DLS takes into account the possibility of a momentum swing. Clear as mud!
7.20pm For those of you still rocking, we salute you. And here is an intriguing precedent of our ongoing situation ... from the 2012 Big Bash.
And, may I also point out, that ludicrous finale took place in Perth! If it can rain there, it can rain anywhere? Right?
7.14pm "Optimism killed the cat," says a suitably shame-faced Alan Gardner. "Drowned it. This already looks like curtains. Although, since they only need to get four overs in, the cut-off might be as late as 10pm." Oh good grief. Kill me now Yay! There's still a chance for this tremendous contest to reach the only fitting conclusion! Hurrah for old-fashioned British justice!
7.05pm Ilanin: "Rhys's suggestion is actually "what happens if the interruption is long enough that the game is reduced to 20 overs upon resumption?" - since that would make Australia's target fewer runs than they already have..." Oh right, well, of course, that is completely different. If that does come to pass, according to my stats-literate colleague,
Sanjay Murali, the target will be 109. So, either way, we wait.
The full breakdown would be as follows, for those who care about such things: 25-over chase would be 127, 30 would be 142, 35 would be 155, 40 would be 166.
6.55pm Hello again. Well, that went well, didn't it? Cheers Alan. my dinner will be in the cat by the time I get home.
Rhys: "I have a DLS calculator in front of me. I don't understand - if it's reduced to 20 overs AUS would have a revised target of 68, so does that mean AUS would need to face 1 more ball?" I believe 20 overs is the non-negotiable here. After all, Bangladesh could (in theory...) rampage through Australia's batting in the next four overs, and the target would be readjusted.
Varun has helpfully hacked out the DLS par-scores at 20 overs. 41 for 0, 48 for 1, 58 for 2, 69 for 3, 84 for 4, 101 for 5, 121 for 6, 141 for 7, 159 for 8, 172 for 9. It ain't over til it's over! Isn't cricket great!
Zee: "So long as your cat is not in the dinner, Andrew!" I could cope with that. Foul-tempered hissing fleabag.
6.52pm Alan Gardner is a broken man. "You can tell them I'm not optimistic about getting back on any time soon (which hopefully means it'll blow right through)." I'll leave you folks with Miller now.
Jigar: "So even though aus would have reached the target if game is reduced to 20 overs they won't be declared winner because D/L rules says so?" --- Reached and probably doubled. Yes. Soma: "just like in Tests (not allowing fast bowlers when the light is not good), umpires should ask for spinners to bowl in these situations.." Wajid Jawaid : "Drinks!!! At this time. Administrators!" 6.43pm It's drinks break and someone in office has just yelled "Drinks?! Cricket is such a stupid game!". Update: They are going off. The players. The covers are coming back on.
15.6;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run full at off stump, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot;
15.5;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run good length at off stump, defends it to point who hangs on to it for a bit, then throws it to the keeper;
15.4;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run good length at off stump, defended back down the pitch. Expect this henceforth. It's the quickest way to get the ball back to the bowler;
15.3;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run good length at off stump, forward defence to extra cover...who shies at the non-strikers to take away a few more seconds;
15.2;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run good length, angled in at off stump, pushed to midwicket off the front foot;
15.1;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run offcutter, full outside off stump, looks to drive this through the covers, inside half of the bat, rolls down to long-on;
14.6;1;Rubel to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off, goes for the pull, is too late on it. Bunts it off the inside edge into the leg side. Rubel too quick for Warner at the moment;
14.5;?;Rubel to Warner, no run and another. Serious pace off the pitch. Cummins is the only other one who has done this today. Gets this to spit at Warner from back of a length, hits him high on the bat as he defends it;
14.4;?;Rubel to Warner, no run another one slides off rapidly, this is fuller, and strikes him on the pads as he looks to flick this;
14.3;?;Rubel to Warner, no run oooh close! Rubel's got some strength in that shoulder. Bangs this in back of a length outside off, gets it to skid rapidly in and go past Warner's edge;
14.2;1;Rubel to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, comes on nicely, punched to sweeper cover;
14.1;?;Rubel to Smith, no run good length, quick and swinging in at off stump, nicely timed back foot defence nearly beats point, but he dives to his left;
13.6;1;Mortaza to Smith, 1 run offcutter at a good length, he walks across - obviously - and turns this around to fine leg;
13.5;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run good length at middle stump, waits for it to arrive, then flicks his wrists on it to pinch a single through midwicket;
13.4;2;Mortaza to Warner, 2 runs back of a length on the pads, gets deep and tucks it behind square on the leg side to become the fastest Aussie to 4,000 ODI runs;
13.3;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run good length at off stump, forward defence into the covers;
13.2;1;Mortaza to Smith, 1 run good length, angled in at off stump, Smith gets behind it and pokes it past Warner with a full face. Calls nice and loud, steals a single;
13.1;?;Mortaza to Smith, no run offcutter, full at off stump, drags this drive to midwicket;
12.6;?;Rubel to Warner, no run back of a length in the corridor, Warner looks to swat this through midwicket, it comes on too quickly. A feeble trickle to mid-on;
12.5;1;Rubel to Smith, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, punched to sweeper cover;
12.4;2;Rubel to Smith, 2 runs bouncer at middle stump, Smith quickly behind to place this hook shot to deep square's right, forces him to dive and he does well;
12.3;1;Rubel to Warner, 1 run back of a length at leg stump, shovelled off his thigh to deep square;
12.2;2;Rubel to Warner, 2 runs good length, angling away outside off stump, Warner times his forward defence so well, it bounces over point and that's two more for him;
12.1;2;Rubel to Warner, 2 runs good length, leg stump, tickled off his pads to fine leg...and he runs, oh, so fast to come back for the second;
11.6;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run good length, off stump, happy to wait for this to come on and open the face, taking this easy;
11.5;1;Mortaza to Smith, 1 run back of a length at off stump, hops across to cover the line, tucks it to fine leg;
11.4;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run slower ball, back of a length outside off stump. Wants to cut, but he's made to wait too much. Drags it out to sweeper cover;
11.3;?;Mortaza to Warner, no run offcutter, good length, outside off stump. Makes Warner lean into this and beats the outside edge;
11.2;1;Mortaza to Smith, 1 run overpitched outside off stump, looks for the cover drive, bat turns and it dribbles past the non-strikers stumps;
11.1;2;Mortaza to Smith, 2 runs good length, in the corridor, climbs on Smith who fends at it and takes the inside edge...which rolls rather quickly to Mustafizur's right at fine leg. He gets there though;
10.6;?;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Warner, no run full and wide outside off stump, driven hard, straight to cover;
10.5;?;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Warner, no run nice. Good length, off stump, slight turn, the perfect offbreak. Met by the perfect forward defence;
10.4;1;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Smith, 1 run good length, leg stump, tucked to deep square leg;
10.3;1;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Warner, 1 run back of a length outside off stump, chopped to sweeper cover off the back foot;
10.2;1;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Smith, 1 run back of a length, slight turn into off stump, solidly behind this to punch it to long-on off the back foot;
10.1;1;Mehidy Hasan Miraz to Warner, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, leans into the drive, finds sweeper cover;
9.6;1;Rubel to Warner, 1 run good length at leg stump, watchfully pushes it wide of mid-on to take a single;
9.5;?;Rubel to Warner, no run good length, slanted across the left-hander, he slashes and misses;
9.4;?;Rubel to Warner, no run 140 kph, back of a length, skids through the corridor from under his attempted pull shot;
9.3;?;Rubel to Warner, no run back of a length at off stump, defended into the covers off the back foot;
9.2;1;Rubel to Smith, 1 run good length, tailing in at middle stump. A shuffle across to tap this to deep square leg;
9.1;1;Rubel to Warner, 1 run full outside off stump, leans in and almost starts running before he's connected this push to mid-off;
8.6;?;Mustafizur to Smith, no run back of a length at middle stump, defended into the off side off the back foot;
8.5;?;Mustafizur to Smith, no run back of a length at middle stump, pushed into the leg side off the back foot;
8.4;2;Mustafizur to Smith, 2 runs low full toss, wide outside off stump, looks at his preferred destination too early as he looks to slash it through the covers. It's an inside edge that runs past the non-striker and between mid-off and mid-on;
8.3;4;Mustafizur to Smith, FOUR runs this would've been straight to cover point...if there was a cover point there. But Mustafiz has catchers on the leg side. Smith doesn't even need to try to keep this cover drive down, although with that field, he shouldn't be bowling overpitched and wide;
8.2;?;Mustafizur to Smith, no run slower ball, full at middle stump, watchfully pushed to mid-off on the up;
8.1;?;Mustafizur to Smith, no run zing! A yorker first up to Smith, straight at his toes. Has him hopping to dig this out, but he does it;
7.6;3;Rubel to Smith, 3 runs full, angled into the pads and Smith's shuffle makes this an easy flick for him, square leg gives chase;
7.5;W;Rubel to Finch, OUT keeps low, and up goes the finger! Pinned on the back pad, was smashing into leg, and Bangladesh have their breakthrough!;Aaron Finch lbw b Rubel Hossain 19 (36m 27b 3x4 0x6) SR: 70.37;
7.4;4;Rubel to Finch, FOUR runs hoisted high and handsome through square leg. Too short, too easy for Finch, who just lifts it on its way;
7.3;?;Rubel to Finch, no run good wicket-to-wicket delivery, defended on the back foot;
7.2;1;Rubel to Warner, 1 run worked into the leg side;
7.1;?;Rubel to Warner, no run outside off, and a huge cheer for a crowd catch at short cover;
6.6;?;Mustafizur to Finch, no run slower ball again, well watched and defended on the back foot to cover;
6.5;1;Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run on the pads, another easy single into the leg side;
6.4;1;Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run soft hands once again, into the covers;
6.3;?;Mustafizur to Finch, no run an inside-out baseball slam through square leg, looking for the slower ball and hanging the consequences. Well fielded;
6.2;?;Mustafizur to Finch, no run tremendously cunning delivery, gripping on the surface as it wriggles through to the keeper;
6.1;1;Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run pushed on the up, into the covers;
5.6;?;Mortaza to Finch, no run;
5.6;1w;Mortaza to Finch, 1 wide sliding down the leg side, looked to have flicked the pad but the umpire was having none of it;
5.5;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run round the wicket, steered to the leg side. Easy peasy;
5.4;1;Mortaza to Finch, 1 run outside off, dabbed to third man;
5.3;1;Mortaza to Warner, 1 run soft hands, controlling the pace of the ball and pinching the single as mid-off gallops in;
5.2;4;Mortaza to Warner, FOUR runs that's a bit ropey, too soft and no pace on the ball whatsoever. Flipped round the corner with insoucience;
5.1;1;Mortaza to Finch, 1 run a well-judged single, patted straight back past the bowler, off the back foot;
4.6;2;Mustafizur to Warner, 2 runs angled defence, down to third man. Bangladesh need to make something happen. Ideally of the rainy variety;
4.5;?;Mustafizur to Warner, no run good delivery, nibbling through to the keeper;
4.4;?;Mustafizur to Warner, no run very full, right under the nose as Warner leans forward to defend. A loud "no!";
4.3;4;Mustafizur to Warner, FOUR runs not remotely where he was aiming it, but effective all the same, under-edged pull through fine leg;
4.2;1;Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run another deflection into the gap, another quick single;
4.1;?;Mustafizur to Finch, no run taking it easy;

MAK: "Australia should try to play as many dot-balls as possible in order to quickly complete the minimum overs for the DL method to apply." That's one way of looking at it. Too many of those, and they'll be behind the rate!
 Innings Start
5th Match Group A (D/N), The Oval, Jun 5 2017, ICC Champions Trophy
182
83/1
Player of the match is 
