Data
12.35pm Welcome back folks, Gnasher with you for an hour. Tricky to judge how good Australia's 369 is, but it feels reasonably substantial despite it being an innings where they let things slip a couple of times.
Finn: "Afternoon Gnasher, I feel like Australia will be disappointed with that total. The pitch hasn't played any tricks and almost all the batsman gave their wickets away easily."
If you're in the Indian subcontinent, catch up with the first session highlights right here
Rajat: "We should hold the judgement on this being a decent outing by Indian debutants till we see Cummins, Starc, Haze bowl. Pitch has bounce and Indian pacers couldn't make use of it. I don't see how India can make over 220 here" Siddesh G: "Why did it take so long for Rahane to bring back Nattu??" --- A good question is also why did it take a wait for this particular bowler for India to go full?
KaFi: "Two debutants and an almost-debutant take 3 wickets apiece in a combined effort of just under 80 overs @ 3-and-a- quarter runs an over. Given the circumstances in which this XI was put together, India should not mind."
Ryan M: "@Matt: Hazlewood when he first came into the team was a pretty genuine 11, and Bollinger definitely earned the bunny label while he was in the side. Our tail is rarely long, but we've had a couple easy wickets along the way." Also Matt: "Matt, you don't remember Bruce Reid or Terry Alderman??" Gautam : "Have to applaud the efforts from Indian bowlers. Total wickets experience of 13 wickets...4 dropped catches..1 bowler down after bowling 8 overs.. great achievement. Now its batsmen turn to give them enough rest and get to close Aus total."
12.05pm, Lunch The tail waggeth. Australia have managed 95 today before being bowled out, and I think it's fair to say that's a bit of an under-performance given how well Paine and Green had looked. A solid start to the day but they were 315 for 8 not long back, so this is a welcome total in that context. A decent outing for India's depleted depleted attack. Down to four bowlers once more, they did it all until letting Australia pick up a few at the end there. Solid debuts from Sundar and Natarajan, and a decent comeback into Tests for Thakur as well after he hobbled off on debut two years ago. The pitch has played well for batsmen, apart from the odd ones that lift up. We'll be back soon for India's response.
115.2;W;Natarajan to Hazlewood, OUT knocks out off stump with a full one! Simple as that. Driving length and straight on at an off stump line. Hazlewood has got his feet down leg side and is driving with a massive gap between bat and legs. Beaten on the inside edge;Josh Hazlewood b Natarajan 11 (26m 27b 2x4 0x6) SR: 40.74;;
115.1;?;Natarajan to Hazlewood, no run good length and into the pads. Hazlewood cops that on the thigh as he looks to glance;
114.6;?;Sundar to Starc, no run short of a length and turning away outside off, left alone;
114.5;?;Sundar to Starc, no run good length at middle stump, defended off the outside half on the front foot;
114.4;?;Sundar to Starc, no run good length, spun away wide outside off as he leaves;
114.3;?;Sundar to Starc, no run short of a length and turning away outside off, left alone;
114.2;?;Sundar to Starc, no run length outside off, left alone;
114.1;?;Sundar to Starc, no run good length and wide outside off, left alone;
113.6;4;Siraj to Hazlewood, FOUR runs wow! Hazlewood in all his glory! A length ball wide outside off and he's just hit the most flowing, graceful drive on the rise. Rapidly through the vacant covers region;
113.5;?;Siraj to Hazlewood, no run short at off stump, left alone;
113.4;4;Siraj to Hazlewood, FOUR runs punched to the cover boundary! This is short of a length and pushed just outside off. Lots of room for Hazlewood who is batting outside leg stump and gets his hands through a well-timed punch off the back foot;
113.3;?;Siraj to Hazlewood, no run short and just outside off, left alone;
113.2;?;Siraj to Hazlewood, no run short and at a middle stump line. Backs away to try and ramp this over the slips, beaten;
113.1;1;Siraj to Starc, 1 run good length and into leg stump, flicked to deep square;
112.6;?;Sundar to Hazlewood, no run good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot;
112.5;1;Sundar to Starc, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
112.4;1;Sundar to Hazlewood, 1 run full on off stump, driven firmly to short extra's left. He can't stop that cleanly, it trickles out to long-off;
112.3;?;Sundar to Hazlewood, no run good length and angled into the corridor, left alone;
112.2;?;Sundar to Hazlewood, no run full on middle stump, blocked on the front foot;
112.1;1;Sundar to Starc, 1 run full on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn;

We're now headed for an extended session if Australia aren't bowled out in seven minutes. Sundar around the wickets
 Innings Start
Joey: "@Patty: wasn't Walsh's flamboyant leaving during the last rites of the 1995 series?" -- There was definitely one in the 1999 Barbados Test.
Siddharth: "Is Saini able to bowl? What is his injury status?" -- We heard that he bowled a few overs in the nets today, but we're not sure if that means he's fit enough to bowl in Australia's second innings.
Rajat: "Adelaide 2003 definitely comes to mind. Then Australia tried to force a result and in the process gave five wickets to Agarkar and bundled for under 200 resulting in a historic Indian win. Let's see if they take the challenge again against this inexperienced Indian attack or chose to play safe here."
Abishek: "I sincerely hope we can bowl out Australia within 200 and someone does an Agarkar (6-fer) and a Dravid (70 not out) to guide India to a famous win and conquer fortress Gabba!"
4.59pm What a fightback from the lower order. From 186 for 6, they've dragged India to 336 and narrowed the deficit to only 33. That's a famous deficit in India-Australia Tests, by the way. Cast your minds back to Adelaide 2003. Rain is forecast both tomorrow and day after, so it's a tricky position for Australia when they begin the third innings. How will they approach this? And can India's inexperienced attack maintain their control on a pitch that's flattened out massively? Australia will have 10 overs to bat out today.
Watch (Indian subcontinent only): Washington Sundar turns on the style with a "no-look six" off Lyon.
111.4;W;Hazlewood to Siraj, OUT bowled him. Hazlewood gets his five-for. Full, at the base of leg stump, and Siraj backs away, has a big slog at it, and misses;Mohammed Siraj b Hazlewood 13 (22m 10b 2x4 0x6) SR: 130;
111.3;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run now he steps to the off side to try and swat the short, off-stump ball towards fine leg. Second time he's tried it in two overs. The idea is right but again he fails to connect;
111.2;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run off-stump yorker, makes a lot of room and slaps it to deep point. Decides to keep the strike himself, which makes sense now.;
111.1;4;Hazlewood to Siraj, FOUR runs shot! Gets leg-side of the bouncer and keeps his eye on it, manages to make contact with the ramp and it goes over the slips, too fine for third man to do anything about it;
110.6;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run another yorker, this time it tails in late and hits low down on the front pad. Appeals, but not with a lot of conviction, because it's going down leg;
110.5;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run full now, at the stumps, and Natarajan keeps his eye on it and jams his bat down to keep it out. Inside edge into pad;
110.4;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run short, angling down leg, jumps across and manages to get out of the way;
110.3;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run back of a length close to off stump, backs away and tries to stab at it, can't connect;
110.2;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run short again, angling further in towards his elbow, manages to fend at it and keep it down in front of short leg;
110.1;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run short, rising steeply over off stump. Backs away again, has a swish at it, and misses;
109.6;2;Hazlewood to Siraj, 2 runs shot. Not off the middle, but these are important runs. Makes a lot of room again, and Hazlewood goes to a fuller length on off stump. Scooped over mid-off, and they run two. Leaves Natarajan on strike for the next over, though;
109.5;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run short over off stump, backs away to the leg side and swings mightily across the line, can't connect;
109.4;1;Hazlewood to Natarajan, 1 run off the mark! Shortish on off stump, makes room and plays a tennis forehand to the left of mid-off;
109.3;?;Hazlewood to Natarajan, no run half appeal for caught behind after Natarajan backs to the leg-side and pokes at a rising ball over off stump. Went past his glove;
109.2;1;Hazlewood to Siraj, 1 run yorker just outside off, makes a lot of room and stabs it to deep point;
109.1;?;Hazlewood to Siraj, no run good thinking from Siraj, steps across to the off side this time, looking to hoick the shortish off-stumpish ball towards fine leg. Can't connect, however;
108.6;?;Starc to Natarajan, no run greeted by a short ball first up, at his body. Backs away, almost turns his back on the ball, and offers a single-handed jab at it. Manages to keep it out and keep it down;
108.5;W;Starc to Sundar, OUT gone, another excellent catch from Green at gully. Good ball from Starc, short and angling sharply into Washington. Got caught in two minds, between swaying away and trying to ramp it over gully, ended up doing the latter without a whole lot of conviction, and Green dives to his left to complete the catch. Superb innings on debut, he's brought the deficit down to 41. He's just 21, and there's so much time for him to expand on his sound batting and bowling fundamentals;Washington Sundar c Green b Starc 62 (222m 144b 7x4 1x6) SR: 43.05;;
108.4;?;Starc to Sundar, no run ooh, a bit of late inswing as Starc fires in a middle-stump yorker. Watches it carefully and jabs it back to the bowler;
108.3;?;Starc to Sundar, no run short ball gets up to just above chest height on off stump. Rides the bounce with both feet off the ground and defends with soft hands, right by his feet;
108.2;?;Starc to Sundar, no run short, angling down leg, can't connect with the flick off the hip;
108.1;2;Starc to Sundar, 2 runs back of a length outside off, and that's excellent from Sundar, taps it towards deep point, but doesn't hit it too hard, and calls immediately for two because the fielder has to come in a long way off the rope;

Nope, it's Starc. Left-arm over.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
4th Test, Brisbane, Jan 15 - 19 2021, India tour of Australia
369 &
336 &
Player of the match is Rishabh Pant, INDIA
India won by 3 wickets
