Data
KL Rahul: "I've had some time to come back home and work on my game. I've had time to work on my technique, my game, my head space. I've tried to keep my game simple, this is what I've always said. I'm good at playing cricket shots and I want to stay true to my game. It's a little bit easier as an opening batsman than someone coming in at the death. I can time the ball with so many fielders inside."
8.40pm What a finish. That was Kohli's sixth six. India have clattered 117 in the last 10 overs. Seventy-seven Ninety-one of those came in the last six overs. And yet, they haven't gotten to 200, and Australia are still very much in this game. India, remember, have a weakened attack and are relying on their two allrounders, Krunal Pandya and Vijay Shankar, to bowl eight overs between them. Do join us for the chase. Sreshth will be with you very soon.
19.6;6;Cummins to Kohli, SIX runs down the track, Cummins tries to bowl a slower ball out of his reach, well outside off, but doesn't quite succeed. He only allows Kohli to free his arms, and he does so gleefully to launch a crisp hit over the long-off boundary;
19.5;1lb;Cummins to Karthik, 1 leg bye quick length ball, angling into DK's legs to try and deny him room. Clears his front leg and looks to whip over the leg side, misses, but they sneak a quick leg-bye even as Cummins closes down the ball in his follow-through;
19.4;4;Cummins to Karthik, FOUR runs slower bouncer outside off, and DK waits, waits some more, and uppercuts firmly, up and over short third man, to the right of the fielder;
19.3;4;Cummins to Karthik, FOUR runs back of a length on off stump and DK doesn't middle it, but he won't care. Goes for the cleared-front-leg pull and drags it off the inside half of his bat, into the gap to the left of short fine leg;
19.2;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run slower bouncer, gets up to head height over off stump. Kohli shapes to hook and has to adjust to the lack of pace. Helps it along the ground through wide mid-on;
19.1;W;Cummins to Dhoni, OUT miscued, and Dhoni won't get his fifty. Cummins bowls a cross-seam ball, just short of a good length, on about off stump, and Dhoni, aiming towards long-on, slices it instead and long-off takes a simple catch walking a few steps forward off the rope;MS Dhoni c Finch b Cummins 40 (39m 23b 3x4 3x6) SR: 173.91;
19.1;1w;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 wide another wide outside off stump. Slower short ball, and Dhoni has to reach for it to try and cut it. Can't connect;
19.1;1w;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 wide wide yorker gone horribly wrong. Dhoni doesn't even attempt to play it, and Handscomb throws himself across the turf to prevent it from running away for even more runs;
18.6;4;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, FOUR runs wow. Full outside off and Kohli steps across once again and frees his arms through a hard, flat hit straight back over the umpire's head - not that far over - and run away to the boundary in a flash;
18.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs low full-toss wide of off stump, great hands from Kohli to play a sliced drive into the gap between backward point and sweeper cover. Sharp running too to pick up two;
18.4;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run slower ball, back of a length, close to off stump, flat-batted down to long-on;
18.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run low full-toss outside off, driven to long-off;
18.2;6;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, SIX runs bam. Doesn't get his attempted wide yorker wide enough or full enough, and Kohli takes a step across his stumps to get a little closer and swing through the line to clear the long-off boundary comfortably;
18.2;1w;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 wide excellent wide yorker, almost. Maybe a harsh call from Anil Chaudhary too - only marginally past the tramline, but Kohli had shuffled across in premeditation too. Reached out for it but couldn't connect;
18.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run full slower ball outside off, quite wide. Goes hard at it, looking to hit over cover, and misses;
17.6;4;Short to Dhoni, FOUR runs what a costly decision this has been, giving Short the 18th over. Shortish, on off stump, makes a bit of room and slaps it away to the point boundary;
17.5;6;Short to Dhoni, SIX runs monstered. Flights it again, lands it in MS's hitting arc just outside off stump, and he simply clears his front leg and hoicks it high over the midwicket boundary, that's landing in row L on any ground in the world;
17.4;1;Short to Kohli, 1 run fullish and quickish on off stump, makes some room and flat-bats it hard to long-off;
17.3;1;Short to Dhoni, 1 run flatter, more leg-stumpish. Looks to pull but not quite short enough, drags it to the left of short fine leg off the inner half of his bat;
17.2;6;Short to Dhoni, SIX runs floated up and right in Dhoni's slot on off stump. Clears his front leg and gives it the full bottom-hand treatment to deposit it beyond the wide long-on boundary;
17.1;1;Short to Kohli, 1 run dangled up slow on leg stump, slog-swept on the bounce to deep midwicket;
16.6;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run again that hard-to-attack length, on off stump. Dhoni makes a bit of room to cut, a few yards to the right of backward point;
16.5;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run flat again, on middle and leg, goes back and punches to deep midwicket with a straight bat to bring up his fifty;
16.4;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run flat length ball outside off, goes on the back foot to chop it to backward point;
16.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run flat again, but much fuller this time, right up near Kohli's back leg. Has to drag his front leg away from the line to try and flick it, and misses. Hits his back leg, but easily missing leg stump;
16.2;1;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 run this is a good, containing length for this pitch. Flat and hurrying through at just under stump height. Goes deep in his crease to whip to long-on;
16.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, pulled to deep midwicket;
15.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run stump-high full-toss on off stump, clipped down to deep midwicket;
15.5;6;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, SIX runs That's a Mahendra Singh Kohli shot alright! A couple of steps down the pitch to the off-stump length ball, and he brings his wrists into play once more to whip it high over the forward square leg boundary;
15.4;6;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, SIX runs and another! Similar length, wider this time, and Kohli frees his arms to deposit it high over the extra-cover boundary;
15.3;6;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, SIX runs and yet, he can hit shots like this. Another slower ball, on a length and finishing on about off stump. Kohli just brings his wrists into play and flicks it all the way over the midwicket boundary;
15.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, 1 run slower ball, full and fairly wide of off. Dhoni drags it along the ground to long-on, bringing his bottom hand into play;
15.1;2;Coulter-Nile to Dhoni, 2 runs slower ball, back of a length, angling into the body. Dhoni swivels to pull it off his hip towards long leg;
14.6;?;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, no run ooh, that was pretty much in the slot, and Kohli isn't too pleased with himself. Fullish, a bit of width outside off, and Kohli swings a little too early and misses his lofted off drive. May have been the slower ball, mind;
14.5;2;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 2 runs a bit wider, Kohli has to reach out for it. Goes hard at the ball, a kind of front-foot uppercut, and third man, running to his right and diving, can't quite get to it before it bounces, but he can keep it from going to the boundary. Zampa the fielder;
14.4;6;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, SIX runs length ball on off stump, and Kohli shuffles away from the line to make a bit of room, and lofts it cleanly, into the gap and over the boundary, to the left of long-off;
14.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length on middle and off, punched to long-off;
14.2;4;Jhye Richardson to Dhoni, FOUR runs short and wide, and Dhoni puts it away with ease, gets up on his toes and cracks it away to the point boundary, in the air to the right of the fielder at backward point;
14.1;1;Jhye Richardson to Kohli, 1 run wide, shortish slower ball, reaches out and slaps towards third man;
13.6;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, carved away to deep point;
13.5;1;Cummins to Dhoni, 1 run back of a length, angling into leg stump, worked away to long leg;
13.4;4;Cummins to Dhoni, FOUR runs fuller now, angling into middle and off, and Dhoni hammers it away, clearing his front leg and simply bashing it down the ground, between the bowler and mid-off;
13.3;?;Cummins to Dhoni, no run back of a length on off stump, opens up a touch and flat-bats to extra-cover;
13.2;1;Cummins to Kohli, 1 run back of a length on off stump, pulled to long leg, off the inner half of the bat. Kohli seems to be going a little too hard at some of his shots today;
13.1;2;Cummins to Kohli, 2 runs length ball outside off, carved up and over the covers, to the right of the sweeper. Not quite middled - he may have wanted to hit it straighter than where it landed up;
12.6;1;Short to Kohli, 1 run flat again, straightens towards middle and leg, goes deep in his crease to pull to deep square leg;
12.5;1;Short to Dhoni, 1 run short googly outside off, slapped to sweeper cover;
12.4;?;Short to Dhoni, no run flatter now, on middle stump, goes back to whip it but can't get it past midwicket;
12.3;6;Short to Dhoni, SIX runs another delivery along a similar trajectory, flighted and inviting Dhoni to go for another slog-sweep. Dhoni watches it better this time, and the ball soars way over the midwicket boundary;
12.2;?;Short to Dhoni, no run slowed down, pitching just outside leg. Dhoni goes down on one knee for the leg-side heave, plays too early and misses and is hit on the back leg;
12.1;1;Short to Kohli, 1 run flattish, back of a length, angling across the stumps from over the wicket. Rocks back to pull to the right of long-on;
11.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to sweeper cover;
11.5;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs not that short at all, but Kohli is onto the back foot in a flash to create a boundary opportunity. Not that wide either, but the footwork has made this a cuttable ball, past the left hand of the diving backward point fielder;
11.4;1;Zampa to Dhoni, 1 run a bit of flight again, this time he flat-bats down to long-off;
11.3;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run flighted a little slower outside off, slapped to cover;
11.2;?;Zampa to Dhoni, no run ooh, that skids through, and is past Dhoni and leads to a hesitant appeal for a stumping. Up it goes to the third umpire. Quickish ball outside off, dips a little shorter than Dhoni expects as he walks forward to try and play it into the covers. Goes with the angle, past his inside edge, but he does extremely well, almost does a full split, to stretch his back leg back and juuust land it past the line;
11.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run shortish, close to off stump, hurries through and Kohli pulls along the ground to long-on;
10.6;?;Short to Dhoni, no run very full on off stump, jabbed to midwicket;
10.5;W;Short to Pant, OUT gone, the pressure's told on Pant! Tosses this one up enticingly, a fair way outside off stump, and Pant goes for the big heave and loses his shape. Wasn't quite full enough for him to control perfectly, and it turns and skews up in the air for Jhye Richardson to take an outstanding catch, sprinting to his left from long-off and throwing himself horizontally at the ball;Rishabh Pant c Richardson b Short 1 (6m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 16.66;
10.4;?;Short to Pant, no run ripping turn this time, similar line and length to the previous two balls. Pant is unsure whether to cut or leave, and he ends up not connecting;
10.3;?;Short to Pant, no run and again, a nice-looking, firmly struck cut, straight to backward point;
10.2;?;Short to Pant, no run back of a length outside off, cut crisply to backward point;
10.1;1;Short to Kohli, 1 run long-hop to start, but it slows down off the track and Kohli drags a pull from wide outside off to deep midwicket;
9.6;1;Behrendorff to Kohli, 1 run length ball on middle, and he guides this from near his body with the bat's open face to point. They jog across for one;
9.5;1;Behrendorff to Pant, 1 run length ball, angling in, and nudged to the leg side. Gets off the mark;
9.4;?;Behrendorff to Pant, no run length ball, wide outside off, and he presses forward to punch. Stopped by cover;
9.3;1;Behrendorff to Kohli, 1 run full on off, and guided off the front foot to third man for a single;
9.2;W;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, OUT full outside off, and he opens the bat's face to drive over cover. Stoinis, though, runs in from the boundary and dives forward to take a stunning catch. But it's been taken so close to the ground, that the umpires want to have a second look. Not sure which team will be happier with the wicket. Replays suggest that the ball did hit the ground, but his fingers may have been under it by then. Soft signal was out so this should be interesting. What does TV umpire Menon feel? Dhawan's gone if the TV umpire's unsure because of the soft signal. And the TV umpire says 'out'. But, we'll never know whether it was a conclusive decision or he stuck with the on-field umpire's call. India lose their second, and Dhawan's tiring innings comes to close;Shikhar Dhawan c Stoinis b Behrendorff 14 (48m 24b 1x4 0x6) SR: 58.33;
9.1;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run play and a miss! Back of a length outside off, and he goes for the pull. Ball whizzes under his bat;
8.6;2;Zampa to Kohli, 2 runs slider on middle, and Kohli pulls along the ground to deep midwicket. Kohli completes the single quickly, but pushes Dhawan for the second. Sharp throw from Jhye Richardson and it's a direct hit! But Kohli's dive saves him. That was closer than he would've liked. Big roar from the crowd;
8.5;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on leg, cramping Dhawan for space. Mistimes a pulled shot past short fine-leg to the man in the deep;
8.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run length ball on middle, and he opens his stance to flat-bat a pulled shot to long-on;
8.3;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length ball on middle, and skidding in. Worked off the back foot to midwicket, but they can't pinch the run;
8.2;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run length ball, wide outside off, and turning further away. Kohli tries to defend, but toe-ends the shot to the off side;
8.1;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run full on middle, and pushed off the front foot to cover for a quick single;
7.6;1lb;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye offcutter, full outside leg stump. Dhawan tries to whip this behind square, but ball hits his front leg. No appeal for lbw, since the ball didn't pitch on the stumps. Ball rolls away to the leg side as the batsmen pinch a single;
7.5;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run length ball, too wide outside off, but Kohli chases after it. Cut square to the fielder manning the boundary on the off side;
7.4;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length on middle, and he tries to muscle a pulled shot. Mistimed along the ground to deep midwicket;
7.3;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run length ball on off, and coming into his body. Nudged off the back foot to square leg;
7.2;1;Coulter-Nile to Kohli, 1 run full and wide outside off, and Kohli drives away from his body. Outside-edge past first slip to third man;
7.1;W;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, OUT ramped straight to third man! Back of a length outside off, and Rahul opens his shoulders to play a cheeky shot over third man. Done in by the lack of pace (119 kph) and the uppercut lobs in the air. No mistake from Richardson running in;KL Rahul c Richardson b Coulter-Nile 47 (36m 26b 3x4 4x6) SR: 180.76;
6.6;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run full just outside off, and pushed to deep extra cover for a walking single;
6.5;?;Zampa to Rahul, no run length ball, just outside off, and turning away. Defended off the back foot to cover;
6.4;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run full on middle, and Dhawan comes down the ground to muscle an on-drive to wide long-on;
6.3;1;Zampa to Rahul, 1 run full on middle, and he comes down the ground to meet the ball. Drives a shot right into the pitch, and the ball goes back to Zampa. Palms the ball away to mid-off;
6.2;4;Zampa to Rahul, FOUR runs length ball on middle, but another skidder going down the leg side. Allows the ball to reach him, before flicking fine past the keeper's left;
6.1;1;Zampa to S Dhawan, 1 run flighted full outside off, and the ball skids further away. Drives away from his body, but no real power there. Stopped at cover point;
5.6;?;Cummins to Rahul, no run Rahul's down! Back of a length on middle, and he looks to defend, but the ball holds it's line, and hits Rahul near his abdomen. He falls forward, facepalming the pitch, but his feet are inside the crease. 53 for 0 after the Powerplay;
5.5;6;Cummins to Rahul, SIX runs pulled over backward square! Rahul was almost expecting that given the last full ball went for six. Stays on the back foot, meets the ball near his chest, and hooks a shot for another half-a-dozen;
5.4;6;Cummins to Rahul, SIX runs what a shot! Full on middle, right near his toes, and he nonchalantly flicks this over deep midwicket! All the work done by Rahul's bottom-hand. Proper whippage;
5.3;1;Cummins to S Dhawan, 1 run smacked! But straight to deep square leg. Back of a length on middle, and he clatters a pull to the leg side;
5.2;?;Cummins to S Dhawan, no run length ball on middle, and Dhawan shuffles across to the off side - exposing all three stumps - but he mistimes an attempted paddle-shot to short fine leg;
5.1;1;Cummins to Rahul, 1 run back of a length on middle, and he rides the bounce, before turning this away to square leg with gentle hands. They scamper across for one;
4.6;1;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, 1 run back of a length just outside off, and smartly steered to point off the back foot. He'll keep strike;
4.5;6;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, SIX runs full and wide outside off, and lifted into the stands! Width offered, and Rahul prods forward before confidently driving over the infield. Someone in the crowd makes a mess of the catch too;
4.4;6;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, SIX runs top-edged! But for six! Short on middle, and Rahul took his eyes off the ball, but the pulled-shot finds a meaty top edge, and flies into the stands beyond fine leg;
4.3;1;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball angling across, and punched to cover. D'Arcy Short dives to his left, and parries the ball to Maxwell, who cleans up the fielding effort;
4.2;1;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, 1 run back of a length just outside off, and he shuffles onto the back foot to defend. Ball dribbles to the off side as Rahul scampers across for one;
4.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, no run length ball, wide outside off but coming inwards. Defended off the back foot to short cover;
3.6;1;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, 1 run back of a length, wide outside off, and steered down to third man for a jogging single;
3.5;?;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, no run short and wide, and Rahul tries to slap a cut in front of square. Hits the bat's inside-half and rolls back to Coulter-Nile;
3.4;4;Coulter-Nile to Rahul, FOUR runs check-pulled! Back of a length on off, but the ball's angling in. Rahul swivels on one foot, and lifts a controlled shot over the infielder at short fine-leg;
3.3;1;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 run offcutter on leg stump, and he inside-edges a defensive shot onto his pads. Ball dribbles away to the off side as Rahul tells Dhawan to run;
3.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 wide slower ball, just outside leg, and Dhawan looks to clip this fine. But he can't get the connection once again, and the ball rolls into the keeper's gloves. Coulter-Nile isn't pleased, the ball nearly brushed leg stump there;
3.3;1w;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, 1 wide extra short on middle, and the ball balloons over Dhawan's head. He tries to ramp it over the keeper, but can't get the connection. Umpire spreads his arms wide;
3.2;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run offcutter on leg stump, and Dhawan shapes up to pull over the leg side. Ball stays low, and it hits him near the abdomen! Ouch.;
3.1;?;Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, no run full-ish on middle, and he mistimes a clip to square leg. Ball rolls away to the leg side as Dhawan calls for the single;
2.6;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run length ball on middle, and angling into Dhawan. Nudged off his pads - with soft hands - to the leg side, and off they go for a single;
2.5;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run back of a length, slightly slower from Behrendorff. Worked off his hips to deep square leg for one;
2.4;1;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 run back of a length on off, and Dhawan uses his feet again. Punched to cover on this occasion;
2.3;4;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, FOUR runs whipped! Length ball angling into his body, but Dhawan skips down the wicket, and muscles a leg-side shot over the infield. A couple of bounces, and into the cow-corner boundary;
2.2;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run back of a length outside leg stump, and he rides the bounce to nudge a shot away to fine leg for a walking single;
2.1;4;Behrendorff to Rahul, FOUR runs slapped! Length ball on middle, and going across the right-hander. Throws his hands at this, and cuts a shot past point;
1.6;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length ball on leg stump, and arrives near Dhawan's gut. Tries to muscle a flat-batted shot to the leg side, but it flies off the bat's splice. Rolls back to Richardson. Tidy over;
1.5;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run back of a length on middle, and Dhawan takes a couple of steps forward to meet the ball. Punched to cover point, but can't pierce the gap;
1.4;?;Jhye Richardson to S Dhawan, no run length ball on off, and angling away from Dhawan. Throws his hands at this, trying to punch square with the bat's open face. Finds point though;
1.3;1;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, 1 run full on middle, and drifting into his pads. Flicked off his pads to deep backward square. Short runs around the boundary to intercept;
1.2;?;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, no run length ball on off, but angling into his body. Tries to nudge it away to square leg, but leading edge takes the ball to point instead!;
1.1;?;Jhye Richardson to Rahul, no run full and wide outside off, and KL Rahul chooses not to chase after it. Could've driven, but opts to shoulder his arms;
0.6;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to cover. Played with soft hands;
0.5;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run length ball on leg, but jags further into his pads. Worked off his pads to the vacant square-leg region;
0.4;?;Behrendorff to Rahul, no run length ball on leg stump, and clipped off the back foot to square leg;
0.3;1lb;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, 1 leg bye appeal for lbw but not given. Full on off, and angling inwards. Tries to whip it off his legs, but the ball hits his back leg. Rolls away to square leg;
0.2;?;Behrendorff to S Dhawan, no run length ball, just outside off, and blocked off the back foot after shuffling across;
0.1;1;Behrendorff to Rahul, 1 run length ball on off, and he covers his off stumps, before tapping a shot to point with the bat's open face. Off the mark, straightaway;

6.59pm Moments away from the first ball. A new opening pair - KL Rahul and Shikhar Dhawan - are in the middle. Looks like left-armer Jason Behrendorff will start proceedings. Mid-on, mid-off inside the circle. One slip, and a short fine leg.
6.55pm Thanks, KK! What a lovely evening it is in Bengaluru. It's rare that we see India's white-ball team under a bit of pressure - will be good to see how they cope. While we wait for the start, here's something to read from our friends at ESPN.in, where Anirudh Menon tells the story of India's Spanish football revolution.
6.50pm Alrighty. Taking a bit of a break now, and handing over to Sreshth Shah for a bit of banter to ease himself in, and then the start of the India innings.
A good time to go back to the ESPNcricinfo homepage and hit refresh. Our live show is... live, with Hemang Badani and Shaun Tait providing their expert opinion.
6.40pm Interesting to see Australia sticking to their four-man pace attack and long tail, while India have chosen to lengthen their batting a bit. Vijay Shankar and Krunal Pandya are batting allrounders, though, so how they bowl on what could be a flat pitch could be a key factor in this game.
Speaking of Vijay Shankar's bowling, he's only bowled five overs in 16 T20 games since last year's Nidahas Trophy final. Excellent statting, Varun Shetty!
Daniel: "Kohli is trusting Kaul and Shankhar to bowl there full quota overs. Essentially India got 12 overs of proper bowlers and the rest are filled by part timers.Easy chase for the Aussies" -- Kaul a part-timer?
6.30pm Toss time! Kohli tosses, Finch calls heads, and it's heads. Australia will bowl first. "Looks like a really good wicket, it generally is in Bangalore. We back ourselves to chase it down." No changes for Australia.
Kohli says India would have preferred chasing too, and says this pitch is like the Bangalore pitch of old, with a lot of runs in it. "For the last three years, this is probably the most similar to the old Bangalore wicket that I can remember. Looks like a lot of hard work has gone in to prepare and maintain the pitch. The pitch has been a bit of a spoiler over the last couple of years, but it looks like it's back."
Three changes for India - Rohit, Markande and Umesh out. Dhawan, Vijay Shankar and Kaul in., -- A lengthened batting line-up, which could free up the top order a little more to play their shots.
Charles: "I assume this is going to be the last T20I for MS Dhoni. Thank you Dhoni for all the memories. Long locked Dhoni lifting silverware defeating Pakistan was the main behind T20 fever in India." -- Wow, yeah, it could be!
6.25pm Varun Shetty, our man at the Chinnaswamy today, has spotted Dhawan and Rahul practising slip catches. Does this mean Rohit Sharma is rested? Alex Carey is taking catches too, he says. Peter Handscomb kept wicket for Australia in the first T20I.
Rohan: "I don't understand the need to include both Pandya and Vijay Shankar in WC Squad. I'd rather go with Jaddu, who provides a lot of flexibility to tinker with the combination.He can replace Jadhav at No. 7 in case of injury (you never know with Jadhav) with Hardik moving up a slot to 6, or come in as a direct replacement for one of the wrist-spinners if India want to bolster the batting. So you can have DK/Pant playing at 6, Hardik at 7, Jaddu at 8, Bhuvi at 9. Fielding is a big plus too." -- I'm a big fan of Jadeja being in the squad too. Will be surprised if he isn't.
Sarthak: "Don't know what wrong Travis Head has done to not be a part of the Australian limited over schemes. He is probably a better opener than any body right now."
Sameer Rizvi: "Just outside Chinnaswamy-rushing home to watch match on TV.It is like a mela here. Big rush getting into metro. Match fever already in Bangalore!!!"
Kiran: "Why so much pressure for DK head. He has been the best finisher for India in ODIs apart from Kedar."
6.20pm Ten minutes to go for the toss. Here's a bit of news, ICYMI - Kane Richardson is injured and out of the ODI series.
There's a bit of grass on the surface at the Chinnaswamy, but some cracks underneath too. Sunil Gavaskar expects the ball to come on to the bat quite well.
Nitish: "Make or break match for Dinesh Karthik; his last international before the WC. There is an IPL in between but its time to step up to remain relevant as there are a few players who are fighting for his spot. I also hope India bat second today--his numbers when India bat first are abysmal." -- Indeed. He averages 16.25 batting first in T20Is, and 65.25 while chasing.
Abhijato: "Ever since he won the Cricketer of the Year award in his retro uniform, Stoinis has continued his good form. In the BBL, he has seemingly come of age in the T20 format by batting as an opener and delivering consistent results. He failed in the first T20I against India, but can he fare better this time around? (One could almost 'smell' it!) If he does, with his responsible demeanour and stoic strokes, could he be a surprise candidate for Australia's WC opening spot?"
6.10pm The three players who sat out the first T20I are Shikhar Dhawan, Siddarth Kaul and Vijay Shankar. Will be interesting to see if India try any of them - perhaps Vijay ahead of one of the specialist bowlers, to give the batting a bit more depth?
Mohd Irshad: "Another Ishan Kishan guy is knocking T20 doors for India as keeper batsman with 2 centuries in a week, should any one worry about it?" -- Such depth of talent is never a worry!
Jan: "Stoinis should get another opportunity at top after runout last match. He is a top order player. Handscomb should at 3 instead of finch, who should bat down the order at 5."
Ron: "Hi Kartik, I am at Bangaluru, and it has been terribly hot here since a few days, considering the usual weather patterns. We might have some surprise rain." -- Rain is never a surprise in Bengaluru!
vikram: "kaul and shankar are best to be tried for today's match replacing yadav and markande"
Preetam Nalbalw: "It is clear that too many trials won't help India. Also coordination between the players is important. It is time to decide the WC team Stick with the same team for better results "
6.00pm Evening, everyone. This is India's eighth bilateral T20I series against Australia (including one-off matches), and they've only lost one of the previous seven, back in February 2008. That record, though, is under threat, with Australia having taken a 1-0 lead in this series with a nailbiting win in Visakhapatnam. The action has moved southwest to Bengaluru. What lies ahead for us today?
Here's the first reader comment of the day, from Mustafa Moudi: "Finch should open the Innings himself instead of Stoinis. Being the Captain, he should step up to his best suited position and shield his team. He may not be in good form, but he still has 11 more chances and surely he can gain back his form. Also, Stoinis doesnt looked comfortable in the last match opening the innings !!"
saswata biswas: "I believe all series should have odd number of matches. If India win today (which of course it will), the series is drawn and no clear winner."
 Innings Start
10.45pm And that is that from this T20I series. Come World Cup, you'd think Australia will have assembled a pretty damn formidable 15, regardless of their poor results in the format over the last couple of years. There's still an ODI series to go before that, and it begins on March 2 in Hyderabad. Be sure to join us for that. Until then, it's goodbye from Sreshth, Chandan and me. Good night!
Aaron Finch: "Anytime you can win any kind of series against India in India is special. Outstanding innings from Maxy, and I must mention Adam Zampa as well, to bowl as he did on this wicket, end up with none for 20 (23) off his four overs. We've been on a journey for the last 10-11 months building towards the World Cup, and there has been a bit of pain as well. The great thing is we've kept improving through that period."
Glenn Maxwell is the Player of the Match and the Series: "We were just talking about how we haven't had a lot of success here. To come and perform as well as we have in these two T20s, it's a great start to this tour. I think it helps playing a big bulk of T20 in the domestic tournament back home and come here. It was a pretty good wicket, so we were able to wait for anything slightly off line or length. We just needed to get it to about 11 or 12 an over for the last four overs, and back ourselves from there. After D'Arcy's dismissal it was up to me to sit around and drive the innings forward. Pete Handscomb did a great job of getting off strike and being busy. We were able to keep consistently having good overs, and keep the [required] run rate in check."
Virat Kohli: "Australia outplayed us in both games, they were more clinical with bat, ball and on the field. We put up a decent total, 190 is a good score on any ground, but there was too much dew around, and when Maxy plays an innings like that, you can't do too much. Every team will look to fine-tune whatever they need to before the World Cup, and we'll keep doing that in the ODI series too, but we still want to win every match we play. We wanted to give everyone some game time, we've seen how these guys react in different situations, and we have a few more games to see how they keep doing under pressure. The Bangalore wicket was back to normal, you could trust your technique and game and just go for it, tonight was one night where it came off, but it doesn't matter because we lost."
VJ: "It's only February but already the best Test innings and best T20 innings awards of 2019 have been sewn up - by Kusal Perera and Maxwell respectively."
Giggity: "Maxie for MoM and MoS. Do I get an award for making an obvious prediction?" -- Yup, I'm publishing your comment.
Peter Handscomb: "I just tried to get Maxy on strike, that was the plan, and it was great to be there till the end. We wanted to make sure there's an in batter at the end, and it was the batters' job to complete the job. [Maxwell is] a freak, he can play shots other people can't, and he's really matured now. It was just a pleasure being at the other end."
It's times like these that make for a good behind-the-scenes look at a player. Here's the story of Glenn Maxwell by SB Tang for the Cricket Monthly.
Abhijato: "As I commented last match, Maxwell has had all the odds held against him for the last few months. He simply can't get into the Test side, or into the middle order of the Australian ODI team. He's the most unorthodox international batsman in the world right now. He's sent out as strong a message as a player can to the Ashes selectors, and Langer who's seemingly only doubted him. I'm an India fan, but tonight, I can just stand and applaud. Well played, and cheers, Maxi!"
Dev : "Pant + Dhawan - 15 runs off 30 balls + 1 dropped catch. Pretty much sums up where the match was lost "
Mohammed Waseem: "Maxwell claims atleast a nomination to another T20I performance of the year award"
10.26pm A big confidence boost for Australia ahead of the ODIs, and a big statement from Glenn Maxwell ahead of the World Cup. How this man isn't an ever-present in all formats will remain a mystery to me - he's just too good a player. No one in the world has hands like him. A few questions for India - I thought picking the extra batsman in Vijay Shankar was the right call, but did they score enough? Dhawan's contribution at the top will come under some scrutiny for sure.
19.4;4;Kaul to Maxwell, FOUR runs and there's the win, Australia seal a 2-0 series victory. Back of a length on off stump, and Maxwell makes a bit of room and flat-bats it to the right of extra-cover. He's been simply unstoppable today;
19.3;6;Kaul to Maxwell, SIX runs make that one off three. What a sensational shot. Attempted yorker misses the length marginally, and the wide-ish full-toss is launched straight back over the bowler's head with an incredible bottom-handed shovel;
19.2;1;Kaul to Handscomb, 1 run ooh. Backward point is right on the edge of the circle, and Handscomb has opened his bat face and squeezed this off-stump yorker straight to the fielder to get off strike;
19.1;1;Kaul to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length close to off stump, slapped to point, can't beat the diving fielder;
18.6;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run full on off stump, Laxmaned down to long-on;
18.5;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run another low-ish full-toss. More leg-stumpish this time. Punched to long-on, bat jarring on impact;
18.4;?;Bumrah to Handscomb, no run full-toss, about stump high, on middle stump. Punched straight back and it hits the middle stump at the other end;
18.3;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run off-stump yorker. Gets his front foot out of the way and fashions a one-legged flick to square leg;
18.2;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run length ball outside off, opens his bat face and jabs to backward point;
18.1;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run yorker just outside off, jams his bat down and squeezes it past the right of the diving keeper. Off the cue end of the bat, and he'll only get a single, but that's all he needed to bring up his third T20I hundred. First Australian to the mark. What a player.;
17.6;1;Kaul to Maxwell, 1 run another full-toss - seemed close to waist height but perhaps just below - outside off. Maxwell flat-bats it on the full to long-off, but this, of course, is a free hit;
17.6;7nb;Kaul to Maxwell, (no ball) SIX runs waist-high full-toss. We'll have to check for no-ball here. Yup, it is, but it doesn't matter to Maxwell, who opens up at the hips and simply wallops this over wide long-on. Sensational hitting, moves to 98;
17.5;1;Kaul to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length slower offcutter heading towards leg stump. Punched down to long-on;
17.4;2;Kaul to Handscomb, 2 runs yorker just outside off, good use of the hands to steer it to the right of third man;
17.3;1;Kaul to Maxwell, 1 run in the blockhole on off stump, whipped away to deep square leg;
17.2;6;Kaul to Maxwell, SIX runs dismissive. That's smacked the top corner of the sightscreen, on the full. Length ball outside off, and he just clears his front leg and smacks it through the line;
17.1;?;Kaul to Maxwell, no run short ball just outside off, maybe the knuckle ball, and Maxwell swivels too early into his pull and gets hit on his back;
16.6;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run very full outside off, Maxwell slices it flat and hard towards deep point;
16.5;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs that's a great shot. Not the most attractive shot he's played, and it's muscled rather than timed, but he's gone so deep in his crease to convert a slightly back-of-a-length slower delivery into a short ball and he swivels to beat the diving square leg fielder;
16.4;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run length ball on off stump, opens his bat face and steers it down to third man;
16.3;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run in the blockhole on off stump, jabbed down to long-off;
16.2;4;Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR runs full, plenty of width, a rare free hit from Bumrah, and you don't bowl those to Maxwell in this mood. Drives it up and over cover, finishing with a high left elbow;
16.1;1;Bumrah to Handscomb, 1 run shortish outside off, jabbed to the left of backward point. Krunal dives, stops it, and throws to the bowler's end. Bumrah is in front of the stumps, he leaves it, the ball misses the stumps, and they sneak an overthrow;
15.6;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run flat, fairly wide outside off. Hurries through to beat Maxwell's attempted cut;
15.5;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run down the track and Chahal floats a full one outside off. Pushed out to deep extra-cover for one;
15.4;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run full on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket;
15.3;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs Chahal goes to his wide-outside-off line, and Maxwell's response is emphatic, a reverse-sweep off incredible power and bat-speed, whacked over the point boundary. The key was how quickly he created a wide base with his footwork;
15.2;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs full, just outside leg. Was looking to cramp him by attacking his pads, but he's marginally missed his line, and Maxwell gets down on one knee at great speed and swivels through a sweep that easily clears the backward square leg boundary;
15.1;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length on middle and leg, nudged into the vacant midwicket region and they scamper two while the fielder sprints in off the boundary;
14.6;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run flat and back of a length again, and Maxwell goes too early into the pull, drags it along the ground to deep backward square leg;
14.5;6;Krunal to Maxwell, SIX runs whoa, that's the biggest hit of this innings. A big front-foot stride to a back-of-a-length ball close to off stump, and he generates incredible power through his hips to wallop that waaay over long-off;
14.4;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run flat length ball angling into off stump, and too quick for the reverse-swat. Bit of an lbw shout, but India don't review. May have straightened just enough to miss off stump;
14.3;1;Krunal to Handscomb, 1 run length ball on off stump, pulled in the air, on the bounce to deep backward square leg;
14.2;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on middle and leg, pulled to deep midwicket;
14.2;1w;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 wide wide outside off, back of a length, Maxwell reaches out to cut and misses;
14.1;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run nice change of pace. He usually goes quick, quick, quick, and Maxwell is too early on his slog-sweep, misses and the ball hits him high on the thigh;
13.6;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length slider on leg stump, makes room to punch to deep extra cover;
13.5;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run length ball on middle and off, swept away to the right of deep backward square leg;
13.4;4;Chahal to Handscomb, FOUR runs down the track once again comes Handscomb, and that's a lovely crisp hit. Ends up getting one right in his slot for the inside-out chip over wide long-off, hits it well enough to nearly carry all the way;
13.3;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run flat slider on leg stump. Makes a lot of room and opens his bat face to squeeze a single to the right of backward point;
13.2;1;Chahal to Handscomb, 1 run down the track and this time Chahal bowls it at his pads, flat and quick. Clipped away quietly to deep midwicket;
13.1;?;Chahal to Handscomb, no run a couple of steps down the pitch and Chahal fires it a little shorter and wider. Driven to extra-cover;
12.6;1;Krunal to Handscomb, 1 run again, back of a length, stump-to-stump, angled in from wide of the crease, no turn, and forcing the batsman to go leg-side. Clipped away to deep midwicket;
12.5;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length again, worked to deep midwicket to bring up his second fifty of the series. Excellent innings;
12.4;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run flat length ball on off stump. Goes back almost by rote, and he doesn't have the room to actually punch it where he wants - to long-on. Ends up playing a defensive push into the on side and Krunal cuts off the single;
12.3;1;Krunal to Handscomb, 1 run flat, back of a length, angling into leg stump. Punched down to long-on;
12.2;1lb;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 leg bye back of a length, cramping Maxwell with the angle from round the wicket. Worked off the hip into the backward square leg region;
12.1;1;Krunal to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up outside off, driven to long-off;
11.6;6;Shankar to Maxwell, SIX runs wham. He's bowled a lot of slower balls, and Maxwell was well prepared. Back of a length, on off stump, and he's back and across in a flash and has all the time in the world to swat this away over the midwicket boundary. That makes it 13 off this over, and 38 off Shankar's four. I guess India will take it, especially since he got the wicket of Short.;
11.6;1w;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 wide slower ball gone wrong, ends up whanging it waaay outside off stump;
11.5;1;Shankar to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length outside off, stabbed away into the cover point region. Doesn't come on for the cut and he ends up meeting it well in front of his body;
11.4;1;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 run another slower ball, loopy and descending onto Maxwell's front foot. Clipped to long leg;
11.3;4;Shankar to Maxwell, FOUR runs slower ball, but it's misdirected, on the pads, and Maxwell still finds enough pace to use and glance it away fine, a long way to the right of long leg who's stationed quite square;
11.2;?;Shankar to Maxwell, no run short outside off, stops on the batsman a little and he chops it down to point;
11.1;W;Shankar to Short, OUT and he strikes first ball! Slower ball, angled across the stumps from over the wicket. Short clears his front leg and looks to hit it over the on side with a cross bat, and ends up slicing it high in the air, to Rahul waiting under it in the covers;D'Arcy Short c Rahul b Shankar 40 (55m 28b 6x4 0x6) SR: 142.85;
10.6;1;Krunal to Short, 1 run length ball on off stump, stays back and slaps it to long-off;
10.5;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run slower this time, on leg stump. Looks to flick and pops a leading edge just out of reach of Krunal, leaping to his left with left arm outstretched;
10.4;4;Krunal to Maxwell, FOUR runs and Maxwell still finds the boundary. Floats this full and wide, seemingly secure with long-off and extra-cover back, but Maxwell is able to flat-bat this much straighter, bringing his bottom hand into play, and find the gap to the right of long-off;
10.3;1;Krunal to Short, 1 run flat, back of a length, turning from off to middle, stays back and whips through square leg;
10.2;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run fuller now, clipped quietly to long-on;
10.1;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run flat, back of a length, keeps going with the angle towards the batsman. Clears his front leg to pull but it isn't short enough and sneaks under to hit thigh pad;
9.6;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run fired into the pads, clipped away through midwicket;
9.5;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run fairly full outside off and Short goes for the big loft. Doesn't connect cleanly, and luckily for him it goes flat and bounces well short of long-off;
9.4;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run looks to clip this through the leg side, closes his face early and sends a leading edge rolling into the point region;
9.3;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs shot! A bit of flight outside off, and Maxwell has lofted that effortlessly over the wide long-off boundary;
9.2;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run gone, that's an excellent... wait, that's just slipped through Rishabh Pant's grasp at backward point. Short outside off and Short cuts uppishly. Pant dives forward and to his right, and the ball bursts through his hands about a foot off the ground. A dropped chance, relatively straightforward;
9.1;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run fairly full, on the pads, clipped down to long-on;
8.6;4;Krunal to Short, FOUR runs length ball on off stump, and that's easily put away, just frees his arms and hits it flat and hard, back over the bowler's head;
8.5;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run fired into the pads, clipped into the backward square leg region;
8.4;1;Krunal to Short, 1 run back of a length on off stump, makes room and punches to long-off;
8.3;4;Krunal to Short, FOUR runs flat, slanted across the left-hander, no turn back in. Lovely shot from Short, hangs back and chops it away to the left of the diving backward point fielder. Not the most athletic-looking effort from Bumrah;
8.2;1;Krunal to Maxwell, 1 run not that short, angling into middle stump, rocks back and pulls to the left of deep midwicket. Kept slightly low but he watched it well and crouched a little while playing the shot;
8.1;?;Krunal to Maxwell, no run flat, back of a length, angling into the stumps, makes room and punches to extra-cover;
7.6;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run wide length ball, rocks back to slap it to sweeper cover;
7.5;2;Chahal to Maxwell, 2 runs back of a length on the pads, nudged away through square leg, and doesn't put too much weight on the shot, so they can scamper two;
7.5;1w;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 wide looks to bowl that wide line he's bowled with success to Maxwell, but ends up bowling it too wide. Left alone;
7.4;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run googly on a length, worked away wide of midwicket;
7.4;1w;Chahal to Short, 1 wide nice idea, but the execution goes slightly wrong. The quicker slider, angled away from Short and forcing him to reach out to drive. Just ends up angling it too wide;
7.3;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run fuller, on the pads. Misses the flick, or maybe gets an edge on it, and the ball rolls towards short fine leg off the outside of his front pad;
7.2;4;Chahal to Maxwell, FOUR runs shot! That wasn't all that short, and it was pitcing on middle stump and turning away a reasonable deal, but Maxwell rocks back and puts his bottom wrist to full use for a whip-pull that easily beats deep midwicket to his left;
7.1;1;Chahal to Short, 1 run back of a length, quickish, on off stump, worked away through midwicket;
6.6;1;Shankar to Short, 1 run slower ball, full on leg, and whipped off his toes to deep midwicket;
6.5;4;Shankar to Short, FOUR runs short on leg, and he stays on the back foot. Raises his front leg, and then helps a pulled-shot over the square-leg umpire's head;
6.4;1;Shankar to Maxwell, 1 run length ball, wide outside off, and he tries to steer this shot between point and gully. Krunal runs to his left, and dives sideways to stop the ball from sneaking through;
6.3;?;Shankar to Maxwell, no run another slower ball, length delivery outside off. He mistimes a square cut to the off side;
6.2;4;Shankar to Maxwell, FOUR runs length ball on middle, and paddled over square leg! Delivery angling in, and he helps the ball over the infielder;
6.1;1;Shankar to Short, 1 run back of the hand slower ball, full on leg stump. Muscled through mid-on's left to Chahal at cow corner;
5.6;1;Kaul to Short, 1 run length ball on off, and angling inwards. Worked off his legs to the sweeper-fielder manning the cow-corner region;
5.5;4;Kaul to Short, FOUR runs full toss wide outside off, and he slaps this freebie to the extra-cover boundary for four. No movement of the feet, all the power coming from his quick hands. Short's not missing those;
5.4;1;Kaul to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length on off, and he works this - off his hips - to the gap near square leg. Just a single on offer though;
5.3;1;Kaul to Short, 1 run back of a length on middle, and he raises his front leg, before pulling along the ground to deep backward square;
5.2;4;Kaul to Short, FOUR runs full on off, and crunched! Just a bit of width, and he picks this early. Smacks it past cover's left for a much-needed boundary. Just four balls left in the Powerplay;
5.1;?;Kaul to Short, no run full on middle, and swinging slightly away. Driven away from his body, but mistimed to cover's left;
4.6;6;Bumrah to Maxwell, SIX runs top-edged, but goes all the way! Short ball that's soaring over Maxwell's head, but he attempts to pull, and gets enough connection to clear the boundary behind Dhoni;
4.5;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run full on leg stump, and clipped to deep square leg for a walking single;
4.4;1;Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run full outside off, but Maxwell shuffles towards the ball's line, before punching to mid-off for a quick single;
4.3;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run full on middle, and he takes a step backward again, deep into his crease. Pushed to mid-off;
4.2;?;Bumrah to Short, no run full on middle, but Short chooses to go onto the back foot. Tapped to the off side, but finds mid off;
4.1;?;Bumrah to Short, no run appeal for lbw but Bumrah withdraws after realising there's an inside edge. Length ball on leg, and Short misses the swipe towards midwicket;
3.6;W;Shankar to Finch, OUT sliced in the air! And Dhawan completes the catch with a thigh-five to boot. Finch's poor run continues. Back of a length on off, and he looks to pull over midwicket, but the ball doesn't rise as much, and he lobs the catch to cover.;Aaron Finch c Dhawan b Shankar 8 (8m 7b 1x4 0x6) SR: 114.28;
3.5;?;Shankar to Finch, no run length ball just outside off. Finch offers the bat's straight face to defend, and taps it back to Shankar;
3.4;4;Shankar to Finch, FOUR runs length ball on middle, and worked off his hips to the leg side. Placed behind square, and the fielder at deep midwicket is too far away;
3.3;1;Shankar to Short, 1 run back of a length on middle, and nudged off the back foot to the sweeper-fielder on the leg side. A walking single for Short;
3.2;?;Shankar to Short, no run length ball on middle, and angling away from Short. Cut square, but can't thread the gap;
3.1;?;Shankar to Short, no run back of a length on middle, and Short shapes up to pull. Mistimes a flat-batted shot to mid-on;
2.6;?;Kaul to Finch, no run full on middle, and he presses forward to defend. Ball rolls away to cover;
2.5;2;Kaul to Finch, 2 runs misfield! From Rahul. Full ball outside off, and the square drive seems to go straight to point. But ball goes through him, and he's forced to give the ball a chase;
2.4;2;Kaul to Finch, 2 runs length ball, wide outside off, and he cuts this into the ground. Ball takes an awkward bounce as it's goes over point, but Rahul manages to get a hand to it, and slow the ball's pace down;
2.3;?;Kaul to Finch, no run full outside off, and a bit of outswing from Kaul. Maxi Finch looks to drive away from his body, but the ball whizzes past his outside edge;
2.2;W;Kaul to Stoinis, OUT He answers the captain's Kaul! Back of a length on off, and Stoinis looks to pull. But ball sneaks under his bat, and clips the top of off stump. Another failure from Stoinis, the opener;Marcus Stoinis b Kaul 7 (11m 11b 1x4 0x6) SR: 63.63;
2.1;?;Kaul to Stoinis, no run full just outside off stump, and driven away from his body to mid off. Mistimed on this occasion;
1.6;1;Bumrah to Stoinis, 1 run back of a length outside off, and the ball jags away slightly. Cut away - but not well - to point for a single;
1.5;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run full outside off, and Stoinis is deceived by the slower ball (116kph). Looks to drive through the covers, but splices the shot to midwicket instead;
1.4;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, and the ball doesn't bounce as much as Stoinis expected it to. Tiptoes to punch, but toe-ends the shot to mid-off this time;
1.3;?;Bumrah to Stoinis, no run back of a length outside off, and he rides the bounce to punch. Off the bat's top-half, and it rolls away to mid off;
1.2;2;Bumrah to Stoinis, 2 runs length ball, wide outside off but coming inwards. Punched firmly through the infield, but Krunal chases after it, and parries the ball back to his partner. Solid throw from the deep to MSD;
1.1;1;Bumrah to Short, 1 run length ball on leg, and angling across Short. He tiptoes and steers a back-foot tap to point;
0.6;?;Shankar to Stoinis, no run full and wide outside off, and he presses forward to drive. Struck well, but intercepted at cover point;
0.5;?;Shankar to Stoinis, no run length ball, slightly outside off stump, and fended off the back foot to cover;
0.4;4;Shankar to Stoinis, FOUR runs length ball, on off stump, and this pace will not bother Stoinis. Swivels, and pulls in front of square to the midwicket boundary;
0.3;?;Shankar to Stoinis, no run back of a length, just outside off, and Stoinis carefully defends off the back foot;
0.2;1;Shankar to Short, 1 run length ball, much better line. Once again jagging inwards, and Short inside-edges a flick right onto his pads. Ball rolls away to the off side as they scamper across for a single;
0.1;4;Shankar to Short, FOUR runs inswing first up, but drilled through the covers! Full on off, and coming into Short, but he times this well to the wide long-off boundary;

8.46pm Hello, and welcome back to the second innings. Still a few minutes to go before the second innings gets underway. Make no mistake, this is barely an above-par total at the Chinnaswamy, but the wicket was double-paced for the first ten overs. Shankar to bowl
 Innings Start
India
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Bengaluru, Feb 27 2019, Australia tour of India
190/4
194/3
Player of the match is Glenn Maxwell, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
