Data
9pm A career-best 80 from Wade and some Maxwell magic has lifted Australia to 186. India were sloppy in the field, dropping multiple catches, but Natarajan and Thakur were impressive with their variations in the end overs, reining Australia in. Have Australia got enough to avoid a 3-0 sweep? Alex will be back in a bit to launch the chase.
Arpit: "Not sure why they played Darcy Short if he wasn't gonna open. Could have sent him once Finch got out early but probably his shortcomings against spin pushed him down the order. Waste of a player in my mind. Could have played an alrounder instead."
Abhishek: "Nattu for Man of the series"
19.6;?;Natarajan to Sams, no run Sams backs away outside leg, Natarajan pulls his length back and shifts his line wider to beat the swinging bat;
19.5;4;Natarajan to Sams, FOUR runs Natarajan aims for the yorker, Sams, batting outside his crease, stretches out further and squeezes it through the covers for four;
19.4;W;Natarajan to Short, 1 run, OUT full-toss, but it is still a hard-to-hit full-toss, punched down towards long-on. Short comes back for the second - which isn't quite there - and is caught short despite a full-length dive. Nice, flat throw from the deep;D'Arcy Short run out (sub [MK Pandey]/?Rahul) 7 (3b 1x4 0x6) SR: 233.33;;
19.3;4;Natarajan to Short, FOUR runs full and outside off, drilled through the line, placed to the right of sweeper cover as Samson slides in vain in the outfield;
19.2;2;Natarajan to Short, 2 runs Short shuffles across and gives the left-armer the charge, Natarajan shifts his lines wider, sliced to deep third man;
19.1;W;Natarajan to Maxwell, OUT Natarajan aims for the yorker, but it comes out as a full-toss. Maxwell shuffles across, looks to reverse-swat it away, but misses it altogether in the end. Natarajan messes with the stumps once again;Glenn Maxwell b Natarajan 54 (36b 3x4 3x6) SR: 150;;
18.6;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run wide yorker, Maxwell jumps across off, aims for the short leg-side boundary, but can only jam it down to short third man, where Chahal drops another regulation chance;
18.5;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run another 119ks slower ball, away from the batsman's reach, beaten;
18.4;1;Thakur to Henriques, 1 run shorter and outside off, pulled to deep midwicket;
18.3;4;Thakur to Henriques, FOUR runs cross-seamer, 113ks, steps out and carves to sweeper cover. Washington runs in, but the ball carroms away from him into the fence;
18.2;W;Thakur to Wade, OUT slower dipper from Thakur and Wade has been given out lbw. The batsman sweeps early, the ball plunges sharply and hits him on the boot in line with the stumps. Wade has reviewed almost immediately. Has he nicked it then? Nope, and ball-tracking returns three reads. Wade goes for a career-best 80 off 53 balls;Matthew Wade lbw b Thakur 80 (53b 7x4 2x6) SR: 150.94;
18.1;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run fullish and outside off, cross-seam, Maxwell jumps across off, aims for the shorter leg-side fence, leading-edges it down to third man instead;
17.6;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run on a length and outside off, offcutter, swished to sweeper cover;
17.5;4;Natarajan to Maxwell, FOUR runs Natarajan searches for the yorker, misses his mark by a bit, Maxwell sits so very deep in the crease and shovels it away to the midwicket fence to reach his fifty off 31 balls;
17.4;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run another wide yorker from Natarajan, he's so good with this, stabbed to cover;
17.4;1w;Natarajan to Wade, 1 wide wide yorker from Natarajan, but too wide, hence called off-side wide;
17.3;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run low full-toss on off, jabbed to extra-cover, where Dhawan fumbles;
17.2;?;Natarajan to Maxwell, no run slower offcutter from Natarajan, sucks pace off it, Maxwell reverse-scoops early and misses;
17.1;3;Natarajan to Wade, 3 runs full-toss outside off, driven wide of long-off, they sprint back for the third;
16.6;6;Thakur to Maxwell, SIX runs Whoa! Outrageous strike from Maxwell. This is a slower length ball outside off, Maxwell jumps across off, manufactures his own pace and smites it over the midwicket boundary - like only he can;
16.5;2;Thakur to Maxwell, 2 runs Chahar runs in from sweeper cover and drops it! Sloppy stuff from India. Full and outside off, Maxwell aims to launch it over extra-cover, instead he slices it squarer. Chahar runs in and spills it;
16.4;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run on a length and on off stump, offcutter, nurdled through the leg side;
16.3;2;Thakur to Wade, 2 runs full and straight, whipped to Chahar at deep midwicket;
16.2;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and wider, Maxwell reaches out and scythes it wide of Iyer at sweeper;
16.1;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run Thakur thinks he has Maxwell caught behind. With one second to go, Kohli calls for the review. Maxwell searches for the reverse-hit, this is the slower variation from Thakur - possibly a knuckle ball. No bat involved once again. Maxwell is good to go;
15.6;1;Chahar to Maxwell, 1 run full-toss on off stump, forced down to long-off. Chahar ends with 0 for 34 in his first over;
15.5;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run slower short ball outside off, sits up, Wade slugs it flat and hard to deep midwicket;
15.4;2;Chahar to Wade, 2 runs Chahar goes for the wide yorker, comes out as a full-toss, which is jabbed down to long-off;
15.3;1;Chahar to Maxwell, 1 run on a length and sliding in at off stump, Maxwell swings for the hills but can only get the ball as far as deep midwicket;
15.2;?;Chahar to Maxwell, no run looks like a knuckle ball outside off, Maxwell can't quite connect with a reverse-dab;
15.1;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run pitched up and just a shade outside off, drilled to extra-cover;
14.6;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run Rahul belts out an appeal for caught behind. Not given out. Chahal isn't convinced, but India still go for a review and they take it on time. Maxwell aims for a reverse-sweep, darted flatter and wider of off. Nothing on Hotspot. No spike on Snicko either. The original decision is upheld;
14.5;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell jumps across off stump, he keeps flitting around his crease, makes Chahal bowl shorter into him. Clubs it over the shorter leg-side boundary for another six;
14.4;?;Chahal to Maxwell, no run Chahal loses his line again, another off-side wide;
14.4;1w;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 wide off-wide wide;
14.3;6;Chahal to Maxwell, SIX runs Maxwell shows his ace a bit early, he nips down the track, Chahal holds this legbreak back and shifts his line much wider. Maxwell still fetches it and scoops it over long-on for six;
14.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run heavy length outside off, Wade sits back and stabs it away to the leg side;
14.1;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run tossed outside off, Maxwell drops down to one knee and slog-sweeps on the bounce to deep midwicket;
13.6;?;Thakur to Wade, no run slower short ball outside off, plinked to the covers off the back foot;
13.5;6;Thakur to Wade, SIX runs Thankur ventures an offcutter, puts it on a length and outside off. Wade picks it up, opens up his hips and hauls it over wide long-on. Muscled away;
13.4;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run slower ball, short and outside off at 101ks, Maxwell reverse-swats it to deep point. Another knuckle ball from Thakur;
13.3;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run Thakur is also showing off his variety here. Off-stump yorker, jammed out;
13.2;2;Thakur to Maxwell, 2 runs knuckle ball variation from Thakur, Maxwell slices his lofted drive, Samson is lurking at long-off. He leaps to his left, chucks the ball into play, before going over the ropes;;
13.1;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run full and outside off, punched down to long-off;
12.6;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run wide yorker, stabbed out to cover;
12.6;1nb;Chahal to Maxwell, (no ball) Rahul makes no mistake this time as he tracks down this skier. Chahal shifts his line wider once again, hits a heavy length. Maxwell aims to haul it over midwicket. He can only top-edge it to Rahul. Okay, hang on, Chahal has overstepped;
12.5;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run looks like a wrong'un, on a length, dropped to cover for one;
12.4;3;Chahal to Maxwell, 3 runs and the reverse-hit again. Maxwell does not connect well, but gets enough bat onto it to clear Natarajan over short fine leg;
12.3;4;Chahal to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell brings out the reverse-hit. Maxwell jumps across, Chahal pushes it wide of off, swats it over backward point for four;
12.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run shorter and skidding across off, possibly a wrong'un, but too short anyway, carved to sweeper cover off the back foot;
12.1;1;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run short and on a fifth-stump line, not much turn, slapped off the back foot to the off-side sweeper;
12.1;1w;Chahal to Maxwell, 1 wide dangled up and wide, off-side wide, left alone;
11.6;1;Thakur to Maxwell, 1 run back of a length and on the hips, whipped away to deep square leg;
11.5;4;Thakur to Maxwell, FOUR runs on-pace length ball, angling into the pads, Maxwell knows fine leg is inside the circle, so he simply flips it over that fielder and picks up four;
11.4;2;Thakur to Maxwell, 2 runs Maxwell backs away, Thakur digs it shorter and outside off, slower variation, chops it down to deep third man. Good work in the outfield from Natarajan;
11.3;?;Thakur to Maxwell, no run Thakur hits a heavy length, short and swerving down the leg side. Maxwell, having shuffled across off, does not touch it;
11.2;1;Thakur to Wade, 1 run shorter and outside off, Wade leans back and punches up to sweeper cover;
11.1;6;Thakur to Wade, SIX runs good length = bad length. Length ball on off, Wade opens up his hips and disdainfully swats it over the midwicket fence;
10.6;?;Natarajan to Maxwell, no run mighty full on middle, not quite a yorker, Maxwell stabs it out to cover;
10.5;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run low full-toss, sliding into the pads, picked off to deep midwicket;
10.4;?;Natarajan to Wade, no run pretty full, Natarajan brings this one back into Wade, this is something he has been working on in the recent years, has Wade falling over the flick. Hits the front pad. Not given out lbw. Has that straightened enough to attack leg stump? India call for a review. Or have India been timed out? Looks like, and Kohli has a word with the umpire. And guess what? The tracker returns three reds;
10.3;2;Natarajan to Wade, 2 runs pitched up and angling into middle, Wade tips it to the leg side, towards the midwicket region, and hares back for the second. Back-to-back fifties for Wade;
10.3;1w;Natarajan to Wade, 1 wide there comes the lifter from Natarajan, but it's too high, and called a wide as it sails through to Rahul;
10.2;1;Natarajan to Maxwell, 1 run Natarajan gets his pace up to 131ks, hits a heavy length and attacks the stumps, punched past him for one;
10.1;?;Natarajan to Maxwell, no run whippy offcutter, on a length on leg stump, Maxwell can only jab it back to Natarajan;
9.6;1;Sundar to Maxwell, 1 run 87kph, tossed up outside off, he works this to midwicket with all the men back and wants two but Sundar races across to track it down;
9.5;2;Sundar to Maxwell, 2 runs full on leg, 101kph, he pushes a drive to wide long on and they run really well for a couple;
9.4;W;Sundar to Smith, OUT clean bowled! Rahul is relieved! Lovely delivery. Tossed higher and slower outside off, Smith gives room to try and loft to the short boundary at cover, he is deceived in flight and it clips the top of off.;Steven Smith b Washington Sundar 24 (23b 1x4 0x6) SR: 104.34;
9.3;2;Sundar to Smith, 2 runs full on leg, he dances down and works this to the gap at midwicket;
9.2;4;Sundar to Smith, FOUR runs sliced inside out over backward point! That is salt into the wound. Smith gets a life and punishes the next one;
9.1;?;Sundar to Smith, no run missed stumping! Smith charged to a 102kph length ball and ran straight past it trying to hit inside out over cover, he was going to walk off and Rahul fumbled badly, he was able to get back;
8.6;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run advances and it drifts into Smith late and he drives to long on;
8.5;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run wrong un outside leg, he mistimes a sweep straight to short fine leg;
8.4;?;Chahal to Wade, no run full outside off, he drives firmly to cover;
8.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run 91kph, full on middle, he slog sweeps to deep midwicket;
8.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run 88kph, short wrong un on leg, he checks a pull shot to deep square;
8.1;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run 91kph, full on leg, he drives to long on;
7.6;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run fired into leg, 99kph, he backs away and mistimes a drive to cover;
7.5;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run 102kph, he tries to slog sweep a full ball, gets a thick inside edge behind square;
7.4;4;Sundar to Wade, FOUR runs superb pull shot between midwicket and long on! A touch too short, he was back and slapping this with power to the short boundary;
7.3;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run tossed up slower, he chips his shot towards long off but they only get one;
7.2;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run 102kph, short and wide, he cuts hard to deep point;
7.1;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run short outside off, he cuts hard in the air to deep backward point on the bounce;
6.6;2;Chahal to Wade, 2 runs 88kph, leg break outside off, Wade uses the wrists and weights his shot to the circle at midwicket and calls two immediately. Good batting;
6.5;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run 94kph, full on leg, he advances and drives to long on;
6.4;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run 81kph, wrong un, shorter on leg, he works this off the hip through square leg;
6.3;1;Chahal to Smith, 1 run 92kph, good length, sliding into leg, he works this to midwicket but they can't pinch two this time;
6.2;1;Chahal to Wade, 1 run full outside leg, he sweeps along the ground to deep backward square;
6.1;2;Chahal to Wade, 2 runs 90kph, full on off, he drives slowly to the circle at mid on, long on is back and they run brilliantly to pinch two;
5.6;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run 132kph, low full toss, he drives to mid off on the circle;
5.5;3;Natarajan to Smith, 3 runs 135kph, good length on off, he's back and driving off the back foot, working it wide of mid on, amazing skill and placement but it's the long boundary so they only get three;
5.4;1;Natarajan to Wade, 1 run 130kph yorker, right on the money, he just digs this out to mid on;
5.3;1;Natarajan to Smith, 1 run 126kph, cutter on off, he whips from off stump behind square;
5.2;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run 132kph, back of a length, on off, he forces back to the bowler;
5.1;?;Natarajan to Smith, no run 127kph, back of a length outside off, he mistimes off the back foot to cover;
4.6;3;Chahar to Smith, 3 runs 135kph, back of a length wide of off, he places an excellent back foot drive through cover and it races away on the outfield, Kohli just hauls it in;
4.5;3;Chahar to Wade, 3 runs 131kph, yorker, he gets a thick inside edge just past leg stump, fine leg is up and they get three;
4.4;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run Smith is on the walk, it's dug in at 117kph, he flicks this behind square, straight to the man in the deep;
4.3;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run 115kph, back of a length angled into off, he's cramped for room and he pushes this to cover;
4.3;1w;Chahar to Wade, 1 wide short bouncer that gets away from him and it's way too wide and short;
4.2;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs carved over cover! Great shot. A better length but too wide and he leaned back and thrashed it over cover with power;
4.1;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs short outside off, knuckle ball and it sits up, Wade thumps a pull shot through midwicket! Just missed with his length Chahar;
3.6;1lb;Sundar to Wade, 1 leg bye he's hit on the pad sweeping but it pitched way outside leg, they pinch a leg bye;
3.5;1;Sundar to Smith, 1 run shorter length, he stands up and punches a back foot drive to mid on on the circle;
3.4;?;Sundar to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, he cuts firmly straight to cover-point;
3.3;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run fuller, darted into leg, he gives room again and gets a thick bottom edge onto pad;
3.2;?;Sundar to Wade, no run exposes his stumps to a length ball on middle and cuts straight to cover-point;
3.1;4;Sundar to Wade, FOUR runs short down leg, he just helps it on its way behind square! Easy pull shot to the short boundary. It's only 61m to that side;
3.1;5w;Sundar to Wade, 5 wide fired down leg and it missed by Rahul! It runs away for five wides!;
2.6;?;Chahar to Smith, no run beaten by a beautiful outswinger. Full and wide, tempting the drive, Smith was tempted but it shaped very late past the edge;
2.5;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run 118kph, shorter ball, slower, it holds in the surface, he controls a pull shot to deep forward square;
2.4;?;Chahar to Wade, no run play and miss trying to cut a ball too close to him. This wasn't that short and it shapes back a touch and he was cramped;
2.3;?;Chahar to Wade, no run fuller on off, he drives but straight to mid off;
2.2;1;Chahar to Smith, 1 run back of a length, he's squared up trying to work to leg, gets a leading edge and it goes through cover-point;
2.1;?;Chahar to Smith, no run 113kph, slower ball, shaping in a touch, he clips this neatly straight to midwicket;
1.6;?;Sundar to Wade, no run back of a length, 104kph, angled into leg, he backs away and mistimes to cover;
1.5;?;Sundar to Wade, no run 100kph, good length fired into middle, he's back and taken high on the pad, Sundar appeals but it's given not out. They don't review;
1.4;W;Sundar to Finch, OUT a miscue to mid off! Back of a length on off, he went back and tried to flat back it over mid off but he completely miscued and lobbed a catch to Pandya on the circle at mid off. Simple catch;Aaron Finch c Pandya b Washington Sundar 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.3;?;Sundar to Finch, no run shorter length, 99kph, it shoots a touch low as he pulls and gets a bottom edge onto pad;
1.2;1;Sundar to Wade, 1 run shorter outside off, he gives room and cuts hard to deep point;
1.1;4;Sundar to Wade, FOUR runs another superb pull shot! 98kph, but too short, he was sitting back and pulling with control infront of square;
0.6;1;Chahar to Wade, 1 run steps outside off, and paddle flicks it in the air behind square and it lands short of the deep backward square;
0.5;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs cracking pull shot! Fractionally short and he transferred the weight back quickly and crunched it forward of square. Good shot;
0.4;?;Chahar to Wade, no run a leave! Wade was unsure of the swing, it was a good length 136kph, wide of off, hint of shape back and he watches it go past;
0.3;4;Chahar to Wade, FOUR runs attempted ramp, he gets a top edge over slip! Another away swinger that swerved wide as Wade stepped outside off to paddle scoop over fine leg, got a top edge off the toe of the bat and flies safe over slip;
0.2;?;Chahar to Wade, no run beaten driving at a 130kph away swinger. Great skill to shape it the other way late and Wade was beaten all ends up;
0.1;?;Chahar to Wade, no run 128kph, good length, shape back into Wade and he checks his drive back to the bowler;

The players head out to the middle. Aaron Finch and Matthew Wade are opening for Australia. Wade will be on strike. Deepak Chahar has the new ball. Slip in. Deep point and deep square.
7.03pm The India team are down on the boundary ready to walk out.
Lucky: "This entire series was so competitive because of the like-for-like injures. For example Rohit-Warner, Jadeja-Stoinis. Not to mention that the bowling lineups seem to be IPL vs BBL because the main bowlers are being rested for the tests"
Aatif: "Where's Billy Stanlake and Riley Meredith?" You will see them in the BBL Aatif. They weren't selected for this squad. Meredith toured England with Australia this year and Adam Griffith told me the other day he is bowling quick. Stanlake hasn't been in favour for awhile and has move from the Strikers to the Stars.
6.52pm Evening all. Should be another good T20I tonight despite the series being over.
DanielAlexander: "Stoinis should have played, Short is lucky to be in XI " Stoinis pulled up sore Daniel. He's still battling that side strain he suffered in the first ODI. He probably shouldn't have played on Sunday.
Ashwin: "With England tour of SA washed off (yeah, right), and NZ vs WI lasting mere 3 days, Aus vs Ind has lived up to the expectation (or has it)" I think so, Ashwin. There's been some excellent cricket played so far and it's a credit to both teams given the quarantine required in the lead up and the injury issues on both sides.
Sarthak: "Why no Bumrah? He hasn't played a single match this series and is the team's lead bowler !! If he wasnt to play, why dont make him play the warm up match ?? I m vry angry and dissapointed. Do u agree @Alex ??" They're clearly resting him for the Test series Sarthak. He will have a lot of overs to bowl. It's a long tour. Australia have rested Pat Cummins for the same reason.
6.42pm India win the toss and choose to bowl
6.40pm Finch is back to lead Australia again. No Stoinis, confirms Alex. Wade has been listed to open alongside Finch. Short carded at No.6
Kohli: Again, shorter boundary, and we want to put pressure on us again. We are unchanged
Finch: We would have bowled first as well. Good chance on a used wicket to put some runs on board and defend it later. One change: just myself in for Stoinis. He pulled up a bit sore from his side strain. We have to make the most of it when we get on a roll with the bat. I'm think somewhere around 190+ is what you're after.
India: KL Rahul(wk), Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli (capt), Sanju Samson, Hardik Pandya, Shreyas Iyer, Washington Sundar, Shardul Thakur, Deepak Chahar, T Natarajan, Yuzvendra Chahal
Australia: Aaron Finch (capt), Matthew Wade(wk), Steven Smith, Glenn Maxwell, D'Arcy Short, Moises Henriques, Daniel Sams, Sean Abbott, Mitchell Swepson, AJ Tye, Adam Zampa
Gaurav Sethi: "About time that KL rahul starts finishing games, rather than playing only cute little innings. Sanju Samson is easy target to blame. No difference between both, just that KL has more time to settle in being opener. He also throws his wicket away (if blame is on Samson)."
6.25pm In case you're into fantasy cricket, these tips are for you from our expert Rahul Maniraja. Toss and XIs coming up shortly
Brijesh Ramani: "Sanju Samson has time and again proved in IPL and T20 Internationals that he is not someone you can rely on in terms of consistency. Comes to the crease hits a lovely looking six and four and then gives a catch in the deep. Suryakumar Yadav, Ishan Kishan and Pant still have chance to prove their case in the upcoming IPL for Sanju's replacement"
Balaji: "I don't think Agarwal is rested, Dhawan-Rahul pair is preferred over him. "
Sanket: "The only concerning thing about this Indian set up is that Rishabh pant doens't feature in their scheme of things for the white ball format especially T20i's. He is too good player to miss out given that next T20 world cup is in India. May be it was wrong time to drop him though he was the one who is responsible for this all. "
Mustafa Moudi: "Hope Australia doesnt take the results of this T20I too seriously and Make Panic Changes. They are a Top T20I Side that dominated until Last Year and they are going to Dominate again once Warner, Starc, Hazlewood and Cummins returns. India being a Strong opponent, this is the right platform for them to strengthen their Middle-Order, one of their Weaknesses !!"
Chris Lawrence: "I do feel KL Rahul can be given a break this game, play both Pandey and Iyer. Agarwal for Dhawan, so that they test their reserves for the WC T20. Sanju taking the lead as WK and Saini in for Shami." --- Pandey sat out of the last game because of an elbow niggle, it remains to be seen if he's fit-again today
6.15pm Left-arm seamer T Natarajan was India's hero on Monday, returning 2 for 20 in a game where nearly 400 runs were scored and showing that there's more to him than just the yorker. If you're in the Indian subcontinent, you can watch Natarajan's bouncer that dismissed D'Arcy Short here. And you can catch the full highlights from the second T20I here. For more such clips, head here.
Anand: "I feel that Saini should be given a go in this game following his dismal show in the ODI's if he is to stand any chance in Tests"
AmericanCricket: "I was watching the tour match live today, and saw Will Pucovski get hit flush on the helmet. Took him a while to get back on his feet, wishing him all the best and a safe recovery. "
At Drummoyne Oval, a significant worry was sent through the Australian camp late on the final day of the warm-up match when Will Pucovski was hit on the helmet by a short ball and was forced to retire hurt.

6pm Hello, everyone, welcome to the last stop on India's white-ball leg of the Australia tour. India have already sewed up the series, and this is a chance for them to sweep Australia and extend their winning streak in T20Is to 11. Australia coach Justin Langer said captain Aaron Finch was a chance to return for today's game while Steven Smith could be rested ahead of the Test series.
As for India, they are likely to give Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Shami, and Mayank Agarwal an extended break in the lead-up to the Tests as well. Alex Malcolm sets up the scene here. I'm Deivarayan Muthu and I'll soon be joined by Alex to bring you ball-by-ball action.
 Innings Start
Here are some of the match highlights if you're tuning in from the Indian subcontinent or the US:
Full highlights: Matthew Wade and Glenn Maxwell set up win for Australia (Indian subcontinent only)
Kohli's knock: Watch Virat Kohli's half-century (Indian subcontinent only)
Kohli's knock: Virat Kohli's 85 not enough for India (US only)
WATCH: Steven Smith drops sitter off Virat Kohli (US only)
That wraps up the limited overs portion of the tour. India win the T20I series 2-1 after Australia won the ODI series 2-1. The Tests begin next Thursday in Adelaide. India play Australia A in another three-day tour match at the SCG starting on Friday. Virat Kohli said he might play depending on how he pulls up tomorrow. On behalf of Deiva and Chandan, thanks for being with us tonight. Stay safe.
11pm Presentation
Hardik Pandya is Player of the Series "I'm quite pleased. I felt it was a team effort not an individual one. We all decided after the 2nd ODI that we'll treat this as a four match series now and we were hoping that we would win 3 out of 4 and that's what we got. I think I should head back home and spend some quality time with my family. I haven't seen them for four months. Maybe in the future (for Test cricket), I don't know, maybe."
Virat Kohli picks up the trophy "T20 cricket you have to take your chances. I thought when Hardik got going we could pull this one off and eventually we found out we had a bit too much to do in the end. I think the middle overs while we were batting was the phase that cost. If we had one partnership of 25-30 that means Hardik comes in when we need less than 60, not 80 plus. This series win is a nice little asterisk for us finishing the limited overs leg of 2020 on a high. I honestly feel that the crowd was a factor as well. It's great we can play infront of crowds in Australia. That gives you another dimension of motivation when you're in a tough situation. Our fans pulled us through a couple of times and Australia has got great support too."
Aaron Finch "Very good to be back and good to be on the right side of the result. Over the three games it was a great series we were just on the wrong end on the first two. It's the first time we've had two legspinners and that shows a lot of character from two guys to bowl to a really short boundary here. It shows a lot of courage, they backed their skills really well. I'm proud of them."
Mitch Swepson is player of the match "It was obviously really nice to get some wickets through the middle there. It was nice to have an impact and a good way to finish on a win like that. You want to challenge yourself against the best and these guys have proven they are the best T20 side in the world at the moment. A great challenge and I loved every minute of it out there."
10.50pm Australia win by 12 runs. Great game. India left it a touch late but they still win the series. Great performance by Australia's two leg spinners again. Mitch Swepson took career-best figures while Adam Zampa claimed the key wicket of Hardik Pandya leaving Virat Kohli with too much to do.
Urmila: "Swepson & Zampa were the turning point for Aussie win."
Abishek Shrivas: "Extras cost India the game!!"
Chief Selector: "Beauty of the series has been new players tried by both teams which make it open rather one sided Aussie wins like first two ODIs. 100 pc crowd had value for money though with high scoring games."
Abishek Shrivas: "Extras cost India the game!!"
19.6;2;Abbott to Thakur, 2 runs Sams drops a sky ball at deep midwicket! They get two but it's not enough. Another slower ball bouncer, he pulled it high to Sams at deep midwicket but he spills it. It matters not;
19.5;?;Abbott to Thakur, no run swing and a miss. Excellent 117kph slower ball bouncer that beat him and stayed under head high;
19.4;2;Abbott to Thakur, 2 runs 119kph, short slower, he pulls in the air but it lands short of Tye at deep square and they only get two;
19.3;6;Abbott to Thakur, SIX runs smoked over midwicket! Hold on! Knee high full toss on middle and he launched it over the long boundary at deep midwicket! Superb strike;
19.2;W;Abbott to Sundar, OUT caught at deep point! It would have been a wide if he didn't hit it! It was a thigh high full toss way wide of off, he reached out and got it off the toe, slicing it to deep backward point and Tye runs in and judges the catch well sliding on his knees;Washington Sundar c Tye b Abbott 7 (6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
19.1;4;Abbott to Sundar, FOUR runs lifted over cover off the back foot! What a shot! Length ball outside off, he was up on the toes and with a vertical bat lofted it over cover to the gap, one bounce four. Incredible stroke;
18.6;6;Tye to Thakur, SIX runs flicked over backward square into the crowd! Length but in the slot! He set himself and used the bottom hand to lift it over deep square;
18.5;1;Tye to Sundar, 1 run 119kph, slower ball on leg, he flicks this in the air but it lands short of deep backward square;
18.4;1;Tye to Thakur, 1 run 141kph, higher full toss, not a no-ball though, he miscues safely to deep cover-point;
18.3;?;Tye to Thakur, no run 141kph knee high full toss, he misses trying to thrash through point;
18.2;1;Tye to Sundar, 1 run 117kph, slower ball, it dips on middle, he adjusts late and tucks it into the legside;
18.1;W;Tye to Kohli, OUT caught at deep backward point! Great catch by Sams! Full and wide, Kohli slices a square drive flat and low and it's dipping away from Sams as he runs forward, but he dives and takes it cleanly above the turf;Virat Kohli c Sams b Tye 85 (61b 4x4 3x6) SR: 139.34;
17.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run nearly bowled him! Kohli advanced, it deflect off the back pad and just missed leg stump, Wade had no chance to glove the deflection and it runs away;
17.5;1;Zampa to Sundar, 1 run quicker short ball, he tries to pull and mistimes it, slicing it over the bowler but they opt not to take two! Kohli wants the strike;
17.4;?;Zampa to Sundar, no run 92kph, wrong un, he misses trying to sweep. Well bowled;
17.3;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run 99kph quicker on middle, he drives firmly to deep cover;
17.2;4;Zampa to Kohli, FOUR runs drilled straight of long off! 95kph, flatter on leg, he advances and drills a drive straight and beats long off coming across;
17.1;W;Zampa to Hardik, OUT top edge caught at short third man! Finch took the catch after taking the gamble. Brilliantly bowled from Zampa. He tossed it up with enough flight, dip and spin, Pandya tried to launch against the turn over long, got a top edge and it sliced to Finch at short third man who takes the catch easily;Hardik Pandya c Finch b Zampa 20 (13b 1x4 2x6) SR: 153.84;
16.6;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run 119kph, short slower ball outside off, he stands up and slaps this firmly to deep cover;
16.6;1w;Tye to Hardik, 1 wide bouncer but too high and rightly called wide;
16.5;6;Tye to Hardik, SIX runs lofted straight! Just a check punch high and long and handsome! he sat back deep in the crease, got the length in the slot and he just played a check shot, and middled it.;
16.4;4;Tye to Hardik, FOUR runs crushed flat through cover-point! A length knuckleball but well wide he nailed this one forward of point and the man on the fence didn't even bother to chase;
16.3;?;Tye to Hardik, no run 138kph, short and wide, he tries to uppercut but misses;
16.2;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run short ball, he pulls but mistimes it to deep midwicket;
16.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run 115kph slower ball, he steps outside off but this is so wide it's outside the return crease but the umpire says he moved so he doesn't call it!;
15.6;6;Sams to Hardik, SIX runs cut over point! Staggering power! Short and wide, he leaned back and slapped a cut shot high over point and over the man on the rope!;
15.5;?;Sams to Hardik, no run 131kph, cutter, shorter outside off, Pandya is deceived by the bounce trying to cut and he misses;
15.4;1;Sams to Kohli, 1 run 133kph, length ball into the hip, he clips this to wide fine leg;
15.3;6;Sams to Kohli, SIX runs top edge for six over fine leg! Short into the ribs, he pull awkwardly as it cramped him, it came off the top edge and flew all the way over the rope at fine leg;
15.2;6;Sams to Kohli, SIX runs launched over the long boundary at deep midwicket! Length ball in the slot and with the bottom hand he flushed it over midwicket! That was out of the screws;
15.1;1;Sams to Hardik, 1 run 128kph, back of a length and it kicks up and hits the sticker of the bat, he pushes it into the off side;
14.6;?;Tye to Kohli, no run back of a length and wobbles away outside off as Tye keeps the ball away from a moving Kohli's reach;
14.5;?;Tye to Kohli, no run dug in short and wide outside off, some tennis-ball bounce for Tye. Kohli searches for it and does not get bat on ball;
14.4;1;Tye to Hardik, 1 run on a length and outside off, another of those cutters, sliced in front of sweeper;
14.3;?;Tye to Hardik, no run dipping full-toss outside off, Pandya swishes, but the ball sneaks underneath his swing;
14.2;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run Kohli jumps across off, Tye goes shorter and wider, dragged away into the leg side as Kohli can't connect well enough with a pull;
14.1;?;Tye to Kohli, no run slower ball, floats away outside off, left alone;
13.6;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run hip-high short ball, angling into the body, Kohli is back, pulling to deep midwicket;
13.5;6;Abbott to Kohli, SIX runs Kohli shuffles across off, then gets in line with a length ball on off stump and hoists it over mid-off. Languid lofted drive for the first boundary since the 8th over;
13.4;1;Abbott to Hardik, 1 run another slower ball on middle, chipped into the leg side;
13.3;?;Abbott to Hardik, no run looks like a legcutter from Abbott, Pandya is beaten for the lack of pace as the ball floats past outside edge;
13.2;?;Abbott to Hardik, no run on a length and outside off, sticks in the pitch a touch, chipped to mid-on;
13.1;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run opens the face and guides it to short third man;
12.6;W;Swepson to Iyer, OUT Swepson's night gets better! Iyer has been given out lbw, he chats to his captain and asks for a review. Wrong'un from Swepson, Iyer inches forward and does not read it, pushing outside the line of it. Did he nick it? Nope, and it's clipping top of leg stump. Swepson finishes with 3 for 23 in four overs. Will it turn out to be a match-winning spell?;Shreyas Iyer lbw b Swepson 0 (1b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
12.5;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run jabbed away into the leg side to the right of the bowler;
12.4;2;Swepson to Kohli, 2 runs Smith at the edge of the long-on boundary goes for the overhead catch, takes it and knocks it back into play before tumbling over the ropes. This was tossed up on middle, Kohli lofts it and gets away. Smith saves four runs for Australia. Great work from him;
12.3;W;Swepson to Samson, OUT Oh, Samson has mis-hit a full-toss straight to long-on. It's a dipping full-toss, plunges sharply on the batsman, making him lose his shape. Regulation take in the outfield and just reward for Swepson;Sanju Samson c Smith b Swepson 10 (9b 0x4 0x6) SR: 111.11;
12.2;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run speared into the legs, picked off to deep midwicket;
12.1;2;Swepson to Kohli, 2 runs wide of the crease, Kohli steps out and bashes a full-toss to the left of long-off;
11.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run dinked in the gap at cover, and that's fifty for Kohli off 41 balls. It's time for him to kick into a higher gear;
11.5;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run shorter and outside off, smeared to extra-cover off the back foot. Henriques makes a sprawling save;
11.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run Kohli steps out, Zampa drags his length back outside off. Kohli checks his shot and pushes to sweeper cover;
11.3;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run wrong'un, glanced off the pads behind square on the leg side;
11.2;2;Zampa to Samson, 2 runs back of a length and skidding in, Samson jumps back and forces it to the left of sweeper. Short throws himself to his left to chuck the ball into play;
11.1;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run down the track comes Kohli, takes a full-toss, and carves to sweeper cover;
10.6;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run tossed on middle, only driven as far as long-on. Another top over from Swepson;
10.5;1;Swepson to Samson, 1 run excellent variation in pace from Swepson. Slower and spins away outside off, edged to short third man;
10.4;?;Swepson to Samson, no run Swepson spins around for an lbw appeal, umpire Tucker says no. Wrong'un, sliding in to beat the sweep, but probably heading down the leg side. Australia, though, belatedly go for a review. Not bat involved, Swepson hits the back leg in line with middle and leg. Ball-tracking suggests it would have spun past leg stump;
10.3;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run fired into the legs, lovely defensive bowling, squeezed down to long-on;
10.2;1;Swepson to Samson, 1 run jab and run to point;
10.1;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run wide of the crease, short and breaking away outside off, Kohli scythes it to sweeper cover off the back foot;
9.6;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run looped on middle, hint of turn, Kohli respects it and dinks it to cover;
9.5;3;Zampa to Samson, 3 runs shorter and outside off, Samson leans back and chops it to sweeper. There's an overthrow from Short in the deep, wild throw, bounces off the footmarks;
9.4;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run back of a length and aiming for the stumps, Kohli's back-foot punch to long-on intervenes;
9.3;1;Zampa to Samson, 1 run wrong'un, slides in on top of off, Samson hangs back and glides it square for one;
9.2;1;Zampa to Kohli, 1 run Kohli steps out. Zampa slows this up on middle, the batsman adjusts and knocks a single down to long-off;
9.1;?;Zampa to Kohli, no run back of a length and around off stump, played back to Zampa;
8.6;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run back of a length and spins away outside off, Kohli punches with the spin to sweeper cover;
8.5;W;Swepson to S Dhawan, OUT Sams grabs it on the second attempt and gives Swepson the breakthrough. Dragged down on off stump, Dhawan absolutely nails the pull but hits it towards deep midwicket, where Sams originally runs in, then leaps to his left. He somehow hangs onto the catch in the end;Shikhar Dhawan c Sams b Swepson 28 (21b 3x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
8.4;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run skiddy legbreak, some extra bounce to boot, spliced in front of long-on;
8.3;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run pushed down the ground for one more;
8.2;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run shorter and breaks away outside off, chopped to sweeper cover off the back foot;
8.1;2;Swepson to Kohli, 2 runs Kohli dashes out, gets too close to the pitch of this delivery and drills it past the bowler;
7.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run uses his feet and works it through midwicket for one;
7.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run dug in short at the body, Dhawan rides the bounce and taps a single to deep midwicket off the back foot;
7.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run patted down to long-on off the front foot;
7.3;?;Maxwell to Kohli, no run Kohli leaves his crease and works a non-turning offbreak to the right of Maxwell;
7.2;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run here comes Dhawan: down the track, Maxwell goes shorter, hauled down to long-on for one;
7.1;4;Maxwell to S Dhawan, FOUR runs Dhawan gives Maxwell a taste of his own medicine. He rolls out a reverse-sweep and gets it past Finch at slip for four;
6.6;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run skidding on outside off, Dhawan drags a pull through midwicket to make it six singles off the over;
6.5;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run shorter and skids into the top of off, Kohli leans back and serenely drives to sweeper cover;
6.4;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run darted on middle and leg, Dhawan punches down to long-on;
6.3;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run chopped from off stump to short third man. "Smart bowling Sweppy" says Wade from behind the stumps and makes my job a whole lot easier;
6.2;1;Swepson to S Dhawan, 1 run dragged down outside off, smeared to sweeper cover;
6.1;1;Swepson to Kohli, 1 run drags down a legbreak outside off, hauled down to long-on;
5.6;4;Abbott to S Dhawan, FOUR runs overpitched and outside off, Dhawan spanks it through the line. Driven straight of mid-off, between the bowler and Kohli for four;
5.5;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run full and straight, it's Kohli's turn to shovel a single to deep square. 50 up for India;
5.4;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run pitched up and outside off, Dhawan shuffles across off and whips it away to deep square leg;
5.3;4;Abbott to S Dhawan, FOUR runs good length and angling across off, Dhawan loses his shape as he slogs to the leg side. Instead, he slices an edge over slip for four;
5.2;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run pitched up and angling in at off, Kohli camps back, works it to midwicket and pilfers a single;
5.1;4;Abbott to Kohli, FOUR runs Kohli dashes down the track, manufactures a half-volley and belts it to the left of mid-off. Dismissive;
4.6;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run 135kph, back of a length on off, he's back and defending behind point for a single;
4.5;?;Tye to Kohli, no run 126kph, angled into leg, he defends to midwicket;
4.4;4;Tye to Kohli, FOUR runs cut up and over short third man! Bad ball with that field. Too short and wide, Kohli just upper cut with ease;
4.3;?;Tye to Kohli, no run fuller outside off, he checks a drives straight to mid off;
4.2;1;Tye to S Dhawan, 1 run full on leg, he backs away and defends into the offside;
4.1;1;Tye to Kohli, 1 run missed return catch! Too hot! Fuller length, on leg, he backs away and lofts it back to the bowler but it got onto Tye too quick and burst through his hands as he thrust them up;
3.6;1;Sams to Kohli, 1 run fuller outside off, he pushes to the gap in the off side;
3.5;1b;Sams to S Dhawan, 1 bye slower ball, beats Dhawan as he tries to sweep from outside off, it spins on the second bounce and kicks awkwardly for Wade and they pinch a bye as it bounces away;
3.4;1;Sams to Kohli, 1 run 130kph, short and wide, he hammers a hard cut to deep point;
3.4;1w;Sams to Kohli, 1 wide 126kph, bouncer, too high;
3.3;1;Sams to S Dhawan, 1 run full on leg, 131kph, he works this with the angle to midwicket;
3.2;1;Sams to Kohli, 1 run length cutter across him, he cuts with a flourish to deep point;
3.1;4;Sams to Kohli, FOUR runs walks down the track and whips his dismissively up an over midwicket! Pure class, bordering on arrogance. What a shot.;
2.6;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 87kph, full on leg, he works this off his pads through forward square;
2.5;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run shorter outside off, it grips and bounces, he mistimes a checked pull to midwicket;
2.4;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run shorter on leg, he clips this through midwicket;
2.3;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run shorter outside off, he cuts to the gap at cover-point;
2.2;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run Smith drops a sitter at deep midwicket! Wow! Tossed up, he advances and lofts this straight to Smith on the rope and he spilled it. Chest high. What is going on?;
2.2;2w;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 2 wide fired down the leg side, Wade can't gather cleanly and they run an extra;
2.1;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 76kph tossed up on leg, Kohli plays for turn and gets a leading edge into the off side;
1.6;3;Abbott to Kohli, 3 runs Kohli stays leg side trying to force through the off, he chops and thick inside edge that runs to a vacant fine leg for three;
1.5;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run Dhawan fakes to back away early, Abbott bowls a good length on middle, Dhawan drops it into the off side with soft hands;
1.4;1;Abbott to Kohli, 1 run nearly a return catch! 133kph, back of a length, he tried to force down the ground and miscued just past the left hand of Abbott;
1.3;2;Abbott to Kohli, 2 runs 130kph, back of a length, this climbs, Kohli does well controlling a guided late cut fine of third man. He got on top of the bounce;
1.2;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run 135kph, back of a length on the hip, he's back and tucking this to square leg;
1.2;2w;Abbott to Kohli, 2 wide short, wide and swinging wider, Wade doves full length to knock it down but they get an extra run as it bounces away;
1.1;1;Abbott to S Dhawan, 1 run 130kph, back of a length wide of off, he pushes this to point and they take on Maxwell, his throw misses but Kohli was stretched;
0.6;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run 90kph arm ball, darted into leg, he defends with soft hands into the leg side for a single;
0.5;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 90kph length on leg, he tucks off the hip behind square;
0.4;1;Maxwell to S Dhawan, 1 run 91kph, shorter outside off, some turn away, he checks a cut shot to cover on the circle;
0.3;1;Maxwell to Kohli, 1 run 89kph, shorter length, he stands up and swats this along the ground to deep long on;
0.2;W;Maxwell to Rahul, OUT holes out to deep midwicket! 82kph, shorter length, Rahul pinned the ears back to hammer this over deep midwicket into the crowd and just didn't middle it, he hit it straight down Smith's throat and the Australians are delighted;KL Rahul c Smith b Maxwell 0 (2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;;
0.1;?;Maxwell to Rahul, no run 73kph, good length on off, he's back and pushing to cover;

Glenn Maxwell will bowl the first over. Around the wicket. Rahul on strike.
9.17pm The players are heading back out. KL Rahul and Shikhar Dhawan are opening up. Can they run this down again? They would like their chances given what they did on Sunday.
 Innings Start
Australia
India
3rd T20I (N), Sydney, Dec 8 2020, India tour of Australia
186/5
174/7
Player of the match is Mitchell Swepson, AUS
Australia won by 12 runs
