Data
After a scratchy start, SA have recovered to 80. Will that be enough against Australia's power hitters?
Ashish: "They have managed to use 3 balls in 7 overs. A first?"
Faizan Butt: "Does the rain adjustment rule also apply to tournament finals? Would be extremely unfair to crown World T20 Champions based on a 5 or 7-over game!"
6.6;1b;Starc to de Kock, 1 bye and ends with a dot ball! Funny old over, de Kock went down the pitch looking to smash it straight, completely beaten;
6.6;5w;Starc to de Kock, 5 wide that's a bonus! Starc was looking to bowl a yorker and ended up dragging it wide down the leg side and five wides, too much for Haddin;
6.5;6;Starc to de Kock, SIX runs now he tries the short one and pays for it, de Kock walks down the pitch and smashed it over deep square leg, the fielder had no chance;
6.4;6;Starc to de Kock, SIX runs that six spoils a good over by Starc, didn't get his length right, pitched up and de Kock lofts him down to the sight screen;
6.3;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run good ball, another yorker and he can only squeeze this to the on side;
6.2;1b;Starc to de Kock, 1 bye this was fired in quick, the yorker a bit too good for de Kock, he fails to dig it out;
6.1;1;Starc to du Plessis, 1 run Faf makes room and the ball swings towards the stumps, outside edge goes racing to third man who's very fine, just a single;
5.6;6;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, SIX runs heads up over long-on! Low full toss, the wet ball the culprit again, de Kock stays there and gives it a whack, high in the air and far too;
5.5;1;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, 1 run full and wide and he makes room and mistimes it to cover;
5.4;4;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, FOUR runs the bowler needn't blame himself for that one, on the stumps and he makes room and gets an inside edge that beats the keeper;
5.3;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run fires that full outside off and he smashes it to deep cover;
5.2;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run god slower ball, foxed the batsman as he looked to slog and missed;
5.1;4;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, FOUR runs De Kock bisects the gap to perfection! From round the wicket and it's a low full toss and he chips it with power down to deep midwicket, the two deep fielders had no chance;
4.6;2;Christian to du Plessis, 2 runs Christian bowls with the replacement ball and it's full and wide and Faf crashes it to deep cover, the sweeper cuts it off;
4.5;6;Christian to du Plessis, SIX runs one more! Christian bowls length and he is punished, Faf pulls this one with ease and it goes over deep square leg and they can't find the ball;
4.4;6;Christian to du Plessis, SIX runs shot! Faf continues to walk down the track and this time he connects a half volley and sends it soaring over wide long-off;
4.3;?;Christian to du Plessis, no run Faf walks across his stumps and looks to scoop this one over fine leg but he's beaten;
4.2;4;Christian to du Plessis, FOUR runs well played, it was dragged shorter and Faf went down the track and smashed it over the bowler's head;
4.1;?;Christian to du Plessis, no run he makes a bit of room and he tries to poke it to the off side but misses;
3.6;2;Watson to de Kock, 2 runs pitched up again and he makes room and scoops it square, over backward point;
3.5;?;Watson to de Kock, no run goes for the yorker and de Kock makes room and drives but can't beat backward point;
3.4;1;Watson to du Plessis, 1 run cuts on the up and the ball just drops short of backward point;
3.3;1;Watson to de Kock, 1 run brave enough to pitch it up again, this was drilled down the ground to long-off, fielder's back;
3.2;6;Watson to de Kock, SIX runs take that! Another one pitched up on the slot, de Kock goes well forward and scoops it over the sightscreen, Watto's bleeding runs;
3.1;4;Watson to de Kock, FOUR runs at last a boundary, this was pitched up outside off, mid-off was up, de Kock went well forward and slammed it over that fielder;
2.6;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run can't get that one away, he tries to force it to the leg side and mistimes it;
2.5;?;Hogg to de Kock, no run gives it a bit more air and de Kock slogs too early and can't connect, the ball hits his pad and rolls away;
2.4;1;Hogg to du Plessis, 1 run the wrong 'un and he goes back and works it to midwicket;
2.3;1;Hogg to de Kock, 1 run down the track and he lofts this one down to long-on, falls short;
2.2;2;Hogg to de Kock, 2 runs drops it short and de Kock goes back and pulls him down to long-on, the bat slips out of de Kock's hand while taking the second run;
2.1;?;Hogg to de Kock, no run he goes back and punches it to the off side;
1.6;?;Coulter-Nile to du Plessis, no run half hearted appeal for a caught behind, lands it outside off and moves away, Faf was forward to defend and replays showed the ball taking the edge, lucky escape;
1.5;W;Coulter-Nile to Amla, OUT well Amla's misery ends! After failing to connect the previous two balls he hits this one back to the bowler, Coulter-Nile shows good reflexes to hang on to it in his follow through;Hashim Amla c & b Coulter-Nile 4 (8m 9b 1x4 0x6) SR: 44.44;
1.4;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run another desperate attempt at scoring, he makes room this time and he swishes and misses;
1.3;?;Coulter-Nile to Amla, no run no foot movement and Amla looks to force this through the off side, beaten this time;
1.2;1;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, 1 run this was on the pads and de Kock moved across and played a one legged pull down to deep square leg;
1.1;?;Coulter-Nile to de Kock, no run this was pitched up and de Kock bashed it down the track and straight to the bowler;
0.6;?;Starc to Amla, no run Amla tries to repeat that, walks a long way across and exposes the leg stump, the ball clips his pad and lobs to the keeper, stifled appeal;
0.5;?;Starc to Amla, no run walked across his crease and looked to whip it down to fine leg but mistimed it and the ball dropped short of short fine leg;
0.4;?;Starc to Amla, no run much better from Starc, comes back in and the ball hits him high on the pad as he tries to flick;
0.4;1w;Starc to Amla, 1 wide he sprayed that really wide outside the off stump;
0.3;4;Starc to Amla, FOUR runs nicely past cover, he went forward to a half volley and put a lot of power behind the drive, Maxwell fumbled and the ball had enough in it to reach the rope;
0.2;?;Starc to Amla, no run keeps it nice and straight, Amla goes back and defends this one;
0.1;?;Starc to Amla, no run Starc gets the ball to swing back in from outside off, Amla gets an inside edge to the on side;

If you want to take a picture of the Kingsmead outfield, don't do it now. There are six massive patches of sawdust. Not the prettiest sight.
Toss: Australia have won the toss and they will bowl first. Bailey said he wasn't sure what's a good enough score. It's only seven overs. Faf says he was happy to lose the toss because he was indecisive. He added that they were concerned about injuries ahead of a big tournament. Beuran Hendricks is playing today.
Is this worth the risk? Debatable.
Daud: "Stayed up till 2:21am (Perth time), and finally play is about to begin. Patience is gold my friends."
The pitch is damp and has some grass. But this is a seven over shootout so the message to the batsmen is simple - just go for it.
8.15pm: Ok good news! This will be a 7 overs a side game. The toss is imminent and play will begin at 8.30pm
8.15pm: The drizzle has stopped and the chances of play seem brighter. Some massive sawdust patches and the players are warming up. The umpires haven't made a decision yet. The players are concerned about injuries and the umpires will take that into account. Mike Haysman says the conditions could be playable. Nothing definite.
8.00pm: There's a light drizzle but the players continue to warm-up. If there are no developments in the next 40 minutes, the game's off.
7.50pm: Heard that sawdust is being spread out so the players can warm-up. Nothing official yet on an inspection though.
7.30pm: Better news. It has stopped raining and the covers are off. 8.40 is the cut-off, to get a five-over game. So long as the rain stays away, the umpires can do their inspection. The coaches are inspecting the pitch.
7pm: Haven't heard anything yet from the ground, but Riaan has some (sort of) encouraging news: "I live 60km down the coast exactly where the rain came from and it has completely stopped clear skies ...Guess we will see some action tonight."
Heard that 8.40pm (local time) is the cut off. Cricket Australia just tweeted that the rain "isn't very heavy at the moment."
samantha: "I leave in HLANGANANI which is 20km from the stadium..it is absolutely pelting down now..i can see no clouds either..heart breaking really."
6.30pm: No updates yet. The wait gets longer.
David: "Isn't this the purists dream! More than 1000 overs bowled over 15 days in a cracking Test series with a result in each game. Yet, not a single ball bowled in two T20s!" Bowled so far, you mean.
6.15pm: The rain's back and it has gotten heavier. Looks like the covers didn't have much of a breather after they were removed some time back. The overs will be reduced only if the delay is an hour or more after the scheduled start.
David: "CSA should've had a game in Cape Town at this time of year. The odds of rain would be much lower."
Oatile: "Today is the 438-game 8th year anniversary. AB is the only player left from that squad. "
6pm: Oh well, just when it was time for the umpires to step out, the rain returned. Covers are back on. That lengthens the delay, folks. This was supposed to be the scheduled inspection. We will update you as and when we receive word.
Baz: "looks like all the prayers South Africans made for rain during the third test is finally being fulfilled in the T20s."
5.45pm: Better news. Cricket South Africa just tweeted that the covers are off. The pitch inspection will take place at 6pm.
5.30pm: We should have had the toss now but thanks to the weather, it will surely be delayed. Still waiting for an update on the situation at the ground. We will update you as soon as the pigeon arrives.
Cricket Australia has tweeted this: "The umpires will conduct a pitch inspection at 6pm local time, in around 20 minutes." Therefore, nothing official until then.
C.Lefty: "I can't agree more with Pollock's idea of start looking at teeing off earlier and broadcasting it at the schedule time for the TV audience. For people at the ground, its better to get some cricket than rain. "
5.15pm: Welcome to the coverage of the second T20 between South Africa and Australia and the news isn't great. It's been raining and the covers are out. We didn't get a game at Port Elizabeth. Will it be the same story today?
This was anticipated and as the preview says, the forecast for the third and final game isn't great either.
Abdul: "Oh boy! do not tell me that we will not have a game today as well... i have been waiting for this keeping aside my office work. :("
The toss is supposed to happen at 5.30 but the covers are still on. Saw a picture on Twitter a short while back. Dark clouds. Not sure if it is raining though.
JC: "Looking at the forecast, it seems that between now and 10pm there is a constant 80% chance of rain. Might be in the best interests of just setting it to a 6 over a side match now and hope for the best rather than getting 12 overs into the 1st innings and never coming back out."
Trevor: "Think it's time for all developed cricket nations to have at least one venue with a roof. If Melbourne can do it, then most other countries should be able too as well. "
 Innings Start
Presentation:
Faf: "Can't look too much into a seven-over game. For them to get 18 -20 in the first over was a big boost for them. I didn't know he could hit the ball that far. We didn't expect to be playing tonight."
Bailey: "Two biggest positives were our two old guys Hoggy and Hodgy. We knew it was going to be a short game so it was good to see our guys switched on. I think the crowd got their money's worth."
Brad Hodge is the Man of the Match: "Thought the old guys did well tonight. Just wanted to clear our minds, they bowled well and we were waiting for an opportunity. Feel grateful to be able to play T20 around the world. Test cricket didn't work out for me."
That leaves the series at 1-0 going into Centurion on Friday. The forecast there isn't great either so South Africa will hope the weather clears up so they can have a shot at squaring this. Thanks for your company tonight. Could have been frustrating with the delay but thanks for staying on. We'll see you soon!
End of match: The old fox Brad Hodge does it for Australia! We've seen him do this in franchise cricket and now for his country. After Warner got out South Africa had created a big dent but Hodge ensured he punished the bowlers each time they erred in length. That's what experience is all about isn't it? You don't fail to cash in when the opposition errs.
Good on those who stayed back for this game after all the rain. Must have taken a lot to sit through it all. It's past ten at night and Australia go into the third match with a 1-0 lead. You could argue for Abbott bowling the final over but in a seven-over game, anything can happen.
6.5;1w;Parnell to Hodge, 1 wide Hodge looks to smash this one too but it was too short and cleared the batsman and nearly cleared the keeper too, wide called, that does it for Australia;
6.4;6;Parnell to Hodge, SIX runs Advantage Australia! 12 off the last two balls, a low full toss, what a time for Parnell to bowl one, swung away and this was flatter, just enough to clear deep midwicket;
6.3;6;Parnell to Hodge, SIX runs oh well that went miles! This was pitched up on the pads, wrong length and line, swung away and that really went the distance over deep midwicket;
6.2;1lb;Parnell to Haddin, 1 leg bye well bowled! This was fired full and Haddin shuffled across the stumps and looked to force it to the on side, the ball clipped the pad and rolled away;
6.1;1;Parnell to Hodge, 1 run pitched up on middle and leg and lofted down to long-on, didn't get the distance and it goes on the bounce;
5.6;1;Hendricks to Hodge, 1 run nice finish to the over, on the pads and he can only force it to deep square leg;
5.5;1;Hendricks to Haddin, 1 run fires that full on the stumps and he can only flick it to square leg;
5.4;2;Hendricks to Haddin, 2 runs this was pitched up and Haddin scooped it over cover and it was in the air and three players went for it, mistimed;
5.3;1;Hendricks to Hodge, 1 run another good delivery by Hendrricks and he can only clip it to mid-on;
5.2;1;Hendricks to Haddin, 1 run full outside off and he drives to cover;
5.1;W;Hendricks to Hodge, 1 run, OUT confusion in the calling! Hendricks does well to bowl it full on the stumps and Hodge clips it wide of midwicket, Bailey turned for the second run but Hodge wasn't interested, Miller fired the throw to de Kock and Bailey dives in vain;George Bailey run out (Miller/?de Kock) 2 (8m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
5.1;1w;Hendricks to Hodge, 1 wide and he sprays it too wide this time, Hodge tries to dig it out outside off but misses;
5.1;5nb;Hendricks to Hodge, (no ball) FOUR runs and he begins the over with a no ball! Above waist high, Hodge stays back and slaps it over point;
4.6;1;Duminy to Hodge, 1 run ends the over with a single, he can only dab it down to short third man;
4.5;W;Duminy to Maxwell, OUT turning out to be an inspired bowling change! Duminy continues round the wicket to the right-hander, fired that full and quick outside off, Maxwell ends up driving it hard to Faf at point;Glenn Maxwell c du Plessis b Duminy 1 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
4.4;1;Duminy to Bailey, 1 run;
4.3;1;Duminy to Maxwell, 1 run drags it short and he pulls him down to Amla at deep midwicket;
4.3;1w;Duminy to Maxwell, 1 wide comes round the wicket to the right-hander and he sprays it too wide, Maxwell doesn't play at it;
4.2;1;Duminy to Bailey, 1 run down the track and he pushes it to midwicket;
4.1;W;Duminy to Warner, OUT Spin brings a wicket! Tossed up from round the wicket, Warner looks to play the reverse sweep, fails to connect and the ball clips his pad in front of the stumps;David Warner lbw b Duminy 40 (22m 16b 5x4 2x6) SR: 250;
3.6;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run fires that full outside off and he drills it to mid-off;
3.5;?;Parnell to Warner, no run pacy delivery outside off and he makes room to scoop but misses it;
3.4;1lb;Parnell to Maxwell, 1 leg bye Maxwell looks to clip that to the on side the ball skids and clips the pad;
3.3;W;Parnell to Watson, OUT straight to cover! It was a low full toss, Watson made room and looked to scoop it over cover, connects off the bottom of the bat and ends up scooping to cover;Shane Watson c Abbott b Parnell 2 (11m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
3.2;1;Parnell to Warner, 1 run;
3.1;1;Parnell to Watson, 1 run full outside off and he gets an outside edge to third man;
2.6;2;Hendricks to Warner, 2 runs awesome attempt at the boundary by Parnell! Warner scooped this one to deep cover, Parnell caught it at the edge of the rope, momentum took him back, he threw the ball back before going over, turned around and looked to catch it at the second attempt but couldn't hang on;
2.5;4;Hendricks to Warner, FOUR runs slower ball back of the hand and well adjusted by Warner, it was dropped short and he adjusted the power and placed it wide of short fine leg;
2.4;4;Hendricks to Warner, FOUR runs Warner wants to do this on his own, this was full and Warner looked to loft straight but got an outside edge that beat short third man;
2.3;6;Hendricks to Warner, SIX runs Okay! That was a flat-batted thump, a length ball, duly punished, Warner read the length early and it went flat and quick over deep midwicket, on the roof and out of here;
2.2;1;Hendricks to Watson, 1 run well bowled, nice and straight, not much room and he angles it to the off side;
2.1;1;Hendricks to Warner, 1 run good start, full outside off and he makes room and drives to cover;
1.6;1;Abbott to Warner, 1 run follows it up with a fuller one and Warner plays all around, the ball clips the pad and rolls away, excellent over by Abbott;
1.5;?;Abbott to Warner, no run he fails to connect this time, this was short and Warner made room to slog but missed it;
1.4;4;Abbott to Warner, FOUR runs take that! Abbott bowls a half volley wide outside off and he makes room and bashes it wide of mid-off and cover;
1.3;W;Abbott to Finch, OUT Amla's done something right! Finch makes room and looks to chip that over the on side, miscues it to midwicket where Amla backpedals and takes it;Aaron Finch c Amla b Abbott 5 (6m 5b 1x4 0x6) SR: 100;
1.2;?;Abbott to Finch, no run Finch made room and Abbott followed him and cramped him up, he could only push it to the off side;
1.1;?;Abbott to Finch, no run Abbott nearly got that one to sneak through, he was back at the crease and the ball skidded and hit the top of the pad;
0.6;4;Tsotsobe to Warner, FOUR runs that took an eternity to drop down and roll towards the rope, he made room and scooped that one down to deep cover, mistimed but good enough;
0.5;6;Tsotsobe to Warner, SIX runs shot! This was length and too straight, Warner stayed back and clubbed it with ease over deep square leg;
0.4;2;Tsotsobe to Warner, 2 runs pitched up and the bowler was lucky Warner didn't time it well,the ball drops in front of deep midwicket and rolls, the outfield's wet;
0.3;4;Tsotsobe to Warner, FOUR runs bad ball, this was drifting down leg and length, Warner knew the fine leg was up and pulled it over him;
0.2;1;Tsotsobe to Finch, 1 run Behardien misjudges it at deep square leg, it was a length ball that was pulled, Behardian ran to his right and over ran it but managed to stop it before going to the rope;
0.1;4;Tsotsobe to Finch, FOUR runs smashed down the ground! Tsotsobe bowls a half volley outside off, Finch gets down and drills it wide of mid-off;

Looks like Tsotsobe will start off
 Innings Start
South Africa
Australia
2nd T20I (N), Durban, Mar 12 2014, Australia tour of South Africa
80/1
81/5
Player of the match is Brad Hodge, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
