Data
7.40pm: Well, that was a bit of a laboured slog from England. Couple of excellent overs at the death prevented them from getting any closer to 150... but this might still be a tricky chase, given the slowness of the surface. Jonny Bairstow's 55 from 44 was rarely fluent, while Joe Denly poked and swung his way to 29 from 19 in the face of an impressive performance from Australia's five-man attack, Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood in particular. Can Finch and co get over the line this time? Join Al again in 10 to find out
19.6;1;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, 1 run good ball to finish, hits a length and Curran can only swat it towards mid-off for a single to finish - meaning Australia will need 146 to win and retain their No. 1 ranking;
19.5;?;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, no run cutter on the pads, gets away with this as Curran swings and it flicks the pad on the way down the leg side;
19.4;1;Kane Richardson to Denly, 1 run full and wide, slower ball again and Denly is down on one knee, plinks a drive to extra cover;
19.3;1;Kane Richardson to Tom Curran, 1 run short of a length, 79mph/127kph and Curran swings a pull to deep midwicket;
19.2;1;Kane Richardson to Denly, 1 run pace on, right up in the blockhole and Denly carves it away to midwicket for one;
19.1;W;Kane Richardson to Jordan, OUT Jordan holes out to long-on! No pace on the ball from Richardson, swatted hard down the ground as Jordan hung back, but Smith is there, running around to take a comfortable catch;Chris Jordan c Smith b Richardson 4 (14m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
18.6;1;Starc to Jordan, 1 run full and fast on off stump, Jordan swipes it towards mid-off and they scamper one... Just five off the over, giving Starc excellent figures of 1 for 20;
18.5;1;Starc to Denly, 1 run sconed him! Short and nasty, clonked right on the top of the lid before rebounding to point on the bounce! Denly stepped away leg side, Starc followed him with a fearsome bouncer, took a bit of glove on the way on to his helmet, I think... there'll be a short delay while he gets checked out;
18.4;1;Starc to Jordan, 1 run cranking it up, 92mph/148kph yorker, slightly leg side and Jordan can only dig it out towards midwicket... Starc again hurtles after it in his follow through to keep them to a single;
18.3;1;Starc to Denly, 1 run full and straight at 91mph/147kph, bunted down to long-on, only a single there;
18.2;1;Starc to Jordan, 1 run full, 90mph/145kph and Jordan lifts it up and over cover point to the sweeper;
18.1;?;Starc to Jordan, no run back of a length from round the wicket, 88mph/141kph and jabbed down into the off side, Starc lopes after it;
17.6;1;Kane Richardson to Jordan, 1 run pitched up on the stumps, pace on again, 88mph and Jordan inside-edges to fine leg;
17.5;1;Kane Richardson to Denly, 1 run pitched up, 88mph/141kph and he bunts this into the covers;
17.4;4;Kane Richardson to Denly, FOUR runs pace off, wide of the stumps, sliced past Wade for four more! Don't think he was really aiming there on this occasion, tried a forcing short but got it between keeper and short third man again;
17.3;4;Kane Richardson to Denly, FOUR runs edged wide of the keeper this time, but played in deliberate fashion to another slower ball! Nicely done, back-to-back fours for Denly;
17.2;4;Kane Richardson to Denly, FOUR runs chopped past his stumps! Makes room for a back-foot hack and beats Wade's dive to pick up four!;
17.1;2;Kane Richardson to Denly, 2 runs short, pace off the ball, Denly has to reach for the pull and does well to pick up two into the leg side;
16.6;1;Starc to Denly, 1 run fired in full at 90+ mph again, dug out into the covers for one;
16.5;W;Starc to Ali, OUT swung high into the leg side, Smith is under it at deep midwicket... taken on rope despite a juggle! Or was it? The TV umpire is going to take a long look at this. Smith was very close as he took catch, his heel right on the boundary marker, and did it just touch? He then tossed the ball up and walked in to catch it a second time, just to be sure. But there's no conclusive evidence and after a moment's deliberation, David Millns is happy to send Moeen on his way;Moeen Ali c Smith b Starc 23 (27m 21b 2x4 1x6) SR: 109.52;
16.4;1;Starc to Denly, 1 run round the wicket, again, 91mph/147kph and drilled down the ground to long-on;
16.3;1;Starc to Ali, 1 run fired full on leg stump, 93mph/149kph and Moeen clips it away towards deep midwicket for one;
16.2;?;Starc to Ali, no run over the wicket, length ball and it wobbles back in towards off stump as Moeen thrashes at it and misses;
16.1;1;Starc to Denly, 1 run round the wicket, full and wide of the stumps and squirted through backward point;
15.6;2;Agar to Ali, 2 runs tossed up and Moeen opens up, chips down the ground, clears the bowler and long-off has to come around;
15.5;1;Agar to Denly, 1 run quick and flat and he gets this one away off the back foot through point;
15.4;?;Agar to Denly, no run fired in quick, 65mph and bouncing over the top of leg stump as Denly makes room trying to cut!;
15.3;1;Agar to Ali, 1 run shortish on leg stump, Moeen hoicks through the leg side, only a single to the boundary rider;
15.2;1;Agar to Denly, 1 run tossed up, Denly is forward and lofting over point for a single;
15.1;1;Agar to Ali, 1 run flat outside off from round the wicket and Moeen cuts for one;
14.6;4;Zampa to Denly, FOUR runs slap-sliced up and over, gets it away to the rope at deep extra cover! Not a clean strike from Denly but he got just about enough on it;
14.5;?;Zampa to Denly, no run Denly tries to use the feet, Zampa slows his pace up, the googly nearly sneaks through between bat and pad... just manages to keep it out, otherwise he was in stumping country;
14.4;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run fired in quick and he flicks off the pads coming forward;
14.3;6;Zampa to Ali, SIX runs Mo mows, straight back down the ground! Skipped out and hooned this into the sight screen for a flat six;
14.2;1;Zampa to Denly, 1 run flatter and he's back on off stump to cut one to the deep point sweeper;
14.1;?;Zampa to Denly, no run flighted legbreak, spinning on middle and leg, Denly blocks it half forward;
13.6;4;Agar to Ali, FOUR runs sliced off the back foot, using the pace from Agar, Zampa scrambles across from short third man... can't prevent it from running away! Moeen picks up four from the last ball of an otherwise decent over;
13.5;?;Agar to Ali, no run attempts to come down, Agar spears it leg side and Moeen manages to get something in the way;
13.4;?;Agar to Ali, no run dragged down but Moeen swats it back towards the bowler, who cuts it off to his left;
13.3;W;Agar to Bairstow, OUT slogs leg side, top-edged towards the ring... and Agar hunts it down for the c&b! He's struggled for timing, despite scoring a crunchy fifty, and Bairstow won't be going on tonight. Excellent running catch from Agar, with the ball looping towards no man's land;Jonny Bairstow c & b Agar 55 (65m 44b 3x4 3x6) SR: 125;
13.2;1lb;Agar to Ali, 1 leg bye length ball, Moeen swings for the hills, misses and the balls thuds into the back leg... pitched outside leg? He'd also come a long way down;
13.1;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run flat and fast outside off, mistimed on the cut as he drops back and cover sweeps it up;
12.6;?;Zampa to Ali, no run pushed through and Moeen taps away on leg stump;
12.5;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and he sweeps in orthodox fashion for one;
12.4;6;Zampa to Bairstow, SIX runs blootered! YJB steps down and kabooms this over long-off! Bouncing into the empty seats, that is fifty for Bairstow... First in six T20I innings, reward for battling through;
12.3;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run comes down, drilled to long-off, struck that powerfully but scudded low to the man set back;
12.2;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run straighter, this one the Bosie and Bairstow is down to slog-sweep, gets a thick inside edge through backward square leg;
12.1;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run looped up on off, prodded away;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run dug in short, 84mph at the sternum and this results in some evasive action... decent showing from Hazlewood tonight;
11.5;4;Hazlewood to Ali, FOUR runs ramped for four! Cute stuff from Moeen, sits back and uses the pace, sends it fine of third man;
11.4;1lb;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 leg bye fired in straight, 84mph/136kph and deflected behind square on the leg side;
11.3;1;Hazlewood to Ali, 1 run bit of width, this time he hangs back and glides to third man;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run touch shorter, 85mph/137kph and Moeen drops it down into the off side, no chance of a quick one as the field comes in;
11.1;?;Hazlewood to Ali, no run bangs a length on off, tapped into the covers;
10.6;?;Zampa to Bairstow, no run quicker, outside off and YJB drill to cover... excellent comeback in that over from Zampsta;
10.5;1;Zampa to Ali, 1 run flighted, slightly wider and he punches through cover point;
10.4;?;Zampa to Ali, no run floated up from over the wicket, Moeen waits on it and taps back defensively;
10.3;W;Zampa to Billings, OUT tossed up, Billings reverses... gloved to slip! Zampa gets another, bit of turn and bounce and Billings' attempt to funk it through point ends up plopping a catch to Finch! Extra flight and dip for Zampa, and he gets the reward for keeping a slip in. So Billings misses out on his chance to impress;Sam Billings c Finch b Zampa 4 (11m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 100;
10.2;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run pushed through flat outside off, dabbed for one;
10.1;6;Zampa to Bairstow, SIX runs and heeeeeerrrrre's Jonny! Brutalised over deep square! Bairstow honks a mahoosive slog-sweep into the empty stands... that's an obscene hit;
9.6;2;Agar to Billings, 2 runs defends a full ball towards midwicket for a double.;
9.5;1;Agar to Bairstow, 1 run drives to long-on;
9.4;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run pulls his length back and Bairstow cuts to cover;
9.3;6;Agar to Bairstow, SIX runs steps out, turns a length ball into a half-volley and launches it all the way over long-on. Monster hit. Simply done.;
9.2;2;Agar to Bairstow, 2 runs nudges a full ball on leg stump to the left of short fine leg;
9.1;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run goes for the slog sweep, but the ball drifts into him, and dips at the last second to sneak under his bat;
8.6;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run backs away to punch the shortish ball on off stump to the left of cover;
8.5;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run googly, on middle, Billings goes back and works it through midwicket;
8.4;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run goes back to the flatter ball and flicks to the left of deep midwicket;
8.3;1;Zampa to Billings, 1 run squeezes a drive to the left of backward point;
8.2;1;Zampa to Bairstow, 1 run turns a fuller delivery on leg stump through square leg;
8.1;W;Zampa to Malan, OUT taken at deep midwicket! Lovely work from Stoinis, running in off the boundary, diving forward and picking up an important low catch. Just reward for Zampa who sensed Malan would go for his favourite sweep shot, held his length back, added a few extra revs to get the extra bounce that then gets the top edge. Good stuff.;Dawid Malan c Stoinis b Zampa 21 (33m 18b 3x4 0x6) SR: 116.66;
7.6;2;Agar to Bairstow, 2 runs punches through point;
7.5;4;Agar to Bairstow, FOUR runs cuts again and this time he picks the gap between point and short third man. Not without some degree of risk though - the ball went at catchable height.;
7.4;?;Agar to Bairstow, no run cuts to short third man;
7.3;1;Agar to Malan, 1 run goes back and pushes a good length ball to deep midwicket;
7.2;4;Agar to Malan, FOUR runs reverse sweep past point. Outstanding pick up from Malan. The ball is on a length, allowing him to get under it and power away.;
7.1;2;Agar to Malan, 2 runs sweeps between deeps square leg and midwicket, but Hazlewood there tracks the ball well and tennis fore-hands it back into the field of play as he himself goes over it.;
6.6;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run slogs a length ball, looking to go over long-on, but it's off pace again. And he's so far into his shot that he scuffs it along the ground to long-on;
6.5;1;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, 1 run slower ball outside off, Bairstow adjusts well enough in the end to guide it to short third man;
6.4;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run whips a length ball through midwicket;
6.3;1;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, 1 run walks across to cut a short ball to the sweeper;
6.2;2;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, 2 runs punches through cover, to the left of the sweeper, again with plenty of power once he decides to play normal cricket;
6.1;1;Kane Richardson to Malan, 1 run dabs the shortish ball to the left of short third man, where Hazlewood dives to stop a boundary;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run drives to mid-on;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run struck on the pad as he tries to flick into midwicket.;
5.4;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs hammers it away to the deep square leg boundary. Finally one of his wild swings to the leg side hits the middle of the bat. Mysteriously enough, it's the one time he's not been moving around mad in his crease. Just a stable base to draw power from.;
5.3;4;Hazlewood to Bairstow, FOUR runs inside edges a hoick and the low full toss on middle scurries away to the fine leg boundary. Well, that's one way to get going.;
5.3;1nb;Hazlewood to Bairstow, (no ball) jumps outside leg and is still unable to find the gap - and this was a full toss too. Ooooh, hello. This is a no-ball. He's overstepped and the third ump's spotted it;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run walks across to try and work a back of a length ball on off stump behind square leg. Gets struck on the pads, looks a bit high though. But Australia are gutted when the verdict is not out.;
5.1;1;Hazlewood to Malan, 1 run pulls a back of a length ball to deep square leg;
4.6;2;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, 2 runs short-arm pull past the left of short fine leg;
4.5;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run scuffs a pull shot to mid-on, trying to clear his front leg and crash the bowler out of the ground;
4.4;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run they go up again for another caught behind. Ump says no. Finch wants more info. He's not getting anything definitive except from the keeper who urges him to go. Bairstow was going for the pull here, when he doesn't quite have the room for the shot. He's beaten. No spike on UltraEdge. Australia lose all their reviews for the innings;
4.3;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run appeal for caught behind, not out says the ump immediately as Bairstow goes for a scoop and is beaten by a back of a length ball outside off stump. No review;
4.2;?;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, no run follows the batsman even as he clears his front leg and looks to go big. Back of a length ball, cramping him for room, makes him mistime to midwicket;
4.1;2;Kane Richardson to Bairstow, 2 runs pulls the back of a length ball to the left of deep square leg;
3.6;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run picks up the short ball and pulls to deep square leg;
3.5;1;Hazlewood to Malan, 1 run pushes gently to mid-on and sprints through;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Malan, no run backs away to cut a ball aimed at middle and off stump, only for it to bounce over the top-edge. Hazlewood has one-upped the batsman very obviously coming after him over and over so far;
3.3;4;Hazlewood to Malan, FOUR runs fine leg is up, he goes for the bouncer, Malan hooks it, gets a top edge and it leaps away to the fine leg boundary. Decent ball, just didn't have the field for it;
3.2;?;Hazlewood to Malan, no run swings hard and sends the back of a length ball to mid-on;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Malan, no run shimmies down the pitch to hoick Hazlewood off his good line and length, no luck. The ball just pops off the pads into the off side;
2.6;1;Starc to Malan, 1 run drives outside off, one hand flying off the handle, as he finds third man;
2.6;1w;Starc to Malan, 1 wide sliding down leg;
2.5;?;Starc to Malan, no run short of mid-on! Nearly bounces him out does Starc. Perhaps that was the plan the previous ball. Does it way better this time, getting the bouncer up towards his left shoulder. Malan goes for the pull again, but this time he's very slow on the shot, because the ball is coming for his head.;
2.4;4;Starc to Malan, FOUR runs outstanding shot!. It's just tailing into his pads, slightly short, but Malan picks it up so early and swivels on his back leg to pull it away to long leg.;
2.3;?;Starc to Malan, no run back of a length on off stump, defends;
2.2;3;Starc to Bairstow, 3 runs sweetly hit down the ground, and it needs a last-ditch dive from Richardson to stop the ball from reaching the long-off boundary;
2.1;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run blocks a shortish ball on off stump;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Malan, no run keeps it on a good length, gets the ball to nip in off the pitch, Malan manages an inside edge onto pad and searches for a single. His partner is too uncertain and they bail in the end;
1.5;W;Hazlewood to Banton, OUT caught behind!. Brilliant work from Hazlewood. Pitching it up. Inviting the drive. Batsmen in this format need no second invitation but Banton here finds that a little bit of away movement is enough to take his outside edge. As he walks back, he may even wonder if that was full enough to be going gung ho like that.;Tom Banton c ?Wade b Hazlewood 2 (10m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.4;1;Hazlewood to Bairstow, 1 run pulls through midwicket, even though he didn't have any room on offer. Bairstow is definitely going after Hazlewood here;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run flat bats a back of a length ball, hoping to send it soaring over the bowler's head. In the end, he only splices it to mid-off;
1.2;?;Hazlewood to Bairstow, no run good length on middle, defends to cover;
1.1;1;Hazlewood to Banton, 1 run fullish on middle, nudges through the square leg region;
0.6;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run bouncer, and a sharp one at that, 91 mph on middle and leg. Bairstow spots it early enough and gets out of the way;
0.5;?;Starc to Bairstow, no run very full again, so much so that Bairstow doesn't even have to move his feet, just lean into the ball outside off and push into the covers;
0.5;1w;Starc to Bairstow, 1 wide wanders way down leg and it's credit to Wade's prep behind the scenes that he's able to dive across and stop five wides.;
0.4;1;Starc to Banton, 1 run taps it to the left of mid-off and sprints through;
0.3;?;Starc to Banton, no run another maaaasssssive appeal and this one, I think, is much better. Ump says no, so Finch says review. Incredible bowling from Starc. Somewhere near his best. It's full. It's right at the stumps. It's swinging in very very late. But for all that menace, Banton is able to get an inside edge on there before it skids into his pads. Excellent spot by the on-field umpire Martin.Saggers;
0.2;?;Starc to Banton, no run huge appeal for lbw as Starc gets an inswinger to thud into Banton's pads. His line is too straight though and the movement took it past the flick shot, and probably down leg side too;
0.1;?;Starc to Banton, no run back of a length and outside off, lets it go. Very T20 that, eh?;

6.00 pm Tom Banton and Jonny Bairstow stride out to the middle. All around them, canary yellow shirts pop up. The tallest of them (maybe?) is marking his run-up. Mitchell Starc to go whang very very soon. Slip lies in wait, all surreptitious like.
Thanks, Alan, although I should point out the only thing I know how to pick is an outfit that will always and absolutely pop. Even Zamps got nothin on me.
Hamza Qazi: "Did I miss something? Why isn't Warner playing? With the number 1 ranking on the line surely you would want your gun players playing." Very fair question. But of all three formats, T20I rankings to tend to see-saw a lot and don't always present the most accurate picture of the best team. Perhaps with the World Cup 12 months away, Australia want to get a look at their bench as well. They already know Warner's in the XI come that first match in India next October.
Rupes: "Correction to Pranav--Australia has 11 bowling options, Wade sends down some handy seamers. But something will have gone seriously wrong if it comes to that..."
5.50pm: It's a worn strip, remember, the same as used for the first two games. Looks in decent nick, for all that, but spin is likely to be a factor. Time for me to introduce a colleague who knows how to pick 'em, then... It's over to Al Muthu for the first 10
"Australia will have 10 bowling options except their wicket keeper," hoots Pranav Nigadkar, "that surely presents a great flexibility to the captain and this side does look really good, fingers crossed!!"
5.40pm: So, a few new faces involved today, and some interesting tweaks to both sides. Wade hasn't kept much over the last 18 months, and managed scores of 18, 1 and 10 on his return to the T20I side in South Africa earlier this year. Hazlewood, meanwhile, hasn't played a T20 international since 2016. Banton back to opener makes sense for England, having looked ill at ease after shuffling down following the Pakistan T20Is. Be interesting to see if Billings or Denly can come good in the middle order, where England will undoubtedly miss the experience and class of Morgan.
"What does Livingstone have to do to get a game?" asks Jack, who's obviously been reading the same T20 manuals as Matt Roller. "Just as good a bowler as Denners and a much better finishing batsman."
And here's Kevin Field: "Anyone who thinks England rely on Rashid in the spin department haven't seen Mason Crane bowl in the last few weeks. He's looking ready for a recall to International cricket"
5.30pm: Moeen is out for the toss, but Finch has won it and Australia will bowl - the third time he's had the choice this series. "Hopefully under lights it can skid on," he says, "we'll take that on and try to chase down a total." Three changes for Australia, with David Warner, Pat Cummins and Alex Carey all sitting out. In come Mitch Marsh, Josh Hazlewood and Matthew Wade, who is set to open, with Stoinis carded at No. 3. First time leading England for Moeen. "It's an honour to captain your country," he says. "Hopefully I can use what I've learned under Morgs." Billings and Denly are the two men coming in for Buttler and Morgan.
England: 1 Tom Banton, 2 Jonny Bairstow (wk), 3 Dawid Malan, 4 Sam Billings, 5 Moeen Ali (capt), 6 Joe Denly, 7 Tom Curran, 8 Chris Jordan, 9 Adil Rashid, 10 Jofra Archer, 11 Mark Wood
Australia: 1 Aaron Finch (capt), 2 Matthew Wade (wk), 3 Marcus Stoinis, 4 Steven Smith, 5 Glenn Maxwell, 6 Mitch Marsh, 7 Ashton Agar, 8 Mitchell Starc, 9 Kane Richardson 10 Josh Hazlewood, 11 Adam Zampa
5.25pm: Matt's got his bins out at the Ageas and has spotted Moeen Ali in full kit heading towards the middle. Does that mean he's captaining today? We'll find out shortly. Morgan is warming up, he adds... but would make sense if England left him out after that nasty looking finger dislocation the other day

"The Denners Den (Joe's Fan Club I made up on the spot) is looking forward to his possible inclusion today," gushes Abhijato. "His legspin is more useful than the opposition might realise!" Arguably it's the main string to his bow, especially if England are going to continue batting him at No. 6
5.20pm: Australia's problems, meanwhile, have been exemplified by two muddled batting displays: a choked chase, in which they failed to knock off a requirement of 39 from 36 with nine wickets in hand; and a stuttering attempt to set a target, which saw Alex Carey promoted to little effect and the likes of Marcus Stoinis and Glenn Maxwell fail to fire despite a decent rebuilding effort. They could make changes today, although Finch has seemed more inclined to back the incumbents and give them extra game time, with the World Cup still 12 months off. Could be another chance for Ashton Agar to polish his finisher credentials
Here's Mustafa Moudi with a radical blueprint for change: "Australia must get read of Carey and Stoinis. Both have been given Enough Chances. Stonis has Failed to Chase simple targets like 26 off 18 (1st T20I) and 21 off 18 (2nd ODI Vs India '19) while Carey has disappointing returns with single digits score with less than 100 S/R Handscomb and Short needs to be brought back. Handscomb should keep the Wickets like KL Rahul, who also turned to Full-Time WK !!"
"People say England have an embarrassment of riches in T20 that may be so for Openers, Batters, Seamers but spinners so reliant on Rashid no one else really knocking on the door - could be a big weakness in India...." Certainly not England's strongest area, Rick Rom. But there's Matt Parkinson knocking on the door, potentially Mason Crane, too. And the ever-dependable Liam Dawson will doubtless be in the mix
5.15pm: So, how do you replace a batsman like Jos Buttler? He played opener and finisher the other day, and Matt broke down just why England have been so keen to push him up the order. England's strength in that area is one reason Dawid Malan hasn't been able to nail down a spot - although he's surely close to doing so now. Tom Banton seems likely to move up and open in Buttler's absence, giving Sam Billings - and perhaps Joe Denly, if Morgan isn't fit - opportunities in the middle order.
5pm: Afternoon all, let's head back into the Southampton bubble for some snap, crackle, and pop in the final T20I between England and Australia. The tourists have barely had chance to get into their stride before England threatened to make off with their No. 1 ranking... can Aaron Finch's brave boys find their range tonight, at the third time of asking? They may be helped by England fielding a weakened side, with Jos Buttler absent and Eoin Morgan a doubt. But you can bet they'll come out swinging in pursuit of 3-0. Andrew Miller's preview should be your first port of call, while Matt Roller has been in touch with the latest from the ground: "Overcast again but a bit more muggy than the past few days. Same strip again, Sam Curran and Denners the first two out there." This is Alan Gardner, flexing digits, and I'll be joined by Alagappan Muthu to bring you the action today
 Innings Start
9.45pm: From rapt to wrapped, that's the T20Is done with in England's summer of Covid. Three more ODIs to come, of course, starting on Friday. But for now, from myself, Al and our scorer Chandan, it's cheerio. Thanks as always for your comments. Bye!
9.35pm: Time for the presentations, starting with Man of the Match Mitchell Marsh: "Rapt, six months is a long time without playing cricket, nice to get opportunity and contribute today. Practice set us up well, outplayed in the first two but nice to finish off the series. [Comeback?] Like it to be a bit easier, but it was crunch time, got a bit of luck, just tried to capitalise. Grown up on the WACA, I do like pace on. We've got a great squad, we're all working well together, just focused on coming in and doing my job for the team."
Australia captain Aaron Finch: "We know where we messed up in first game, we know where we could improve. We played good cricket but couldn't finish it off, but tonight Mitch and Ashton got us over the line. Always areas to improve, middle overs against spin, knocking it around with the field back. Thought we played some good cricket throughout, nice when you keep it close when not at your best but disappointed to lose series. Looking for combinations and structuring the team, just about guys taking opportunities and doing well. Been a great learning curve after a long lay-off. [ODIs?] Great rivalry, looking forward to getting back into it, area s we can improve and look to change around, Luxury of being 2-3 years out from WC, time to plan it out, get to where you want to be. T20 we're a bit more settled."
England captain Moeen Ali: "Very proud moment when Morgy told me, it was an amazing experience. Sadly we didn't win but showed good fight. Thought it was a slow start, wicket wasn't easy and we played a lot of dot balls in the middle, which is a bit unlike us. Would have been nice to have 15 more runs. Poor in the field, take those chances and we would have won. Generally we weren't great in the field and didn't back up the bowlers. [Buttler Man of Series] World class player, great leader in the side. He's changed our way of playing, brings so much to the team, his experience in the changing room is amazing."
9.25pm: Mitchell Marsh finishes the job, which is not necessarily a phrase you expected to hear coming into the series. Australia did well to recover from that spell when Adil Rashid claimed three wickets in 11 balls, at 100 for 5 you could easily see them throwing away another winning position. It was a borderline farcical finish, but Australia got it done eventually, aided and abetted by England in the field - Marsh, remember, could have been caught twice in his first seven balls. It's always going to be tough defending 145 in T20, but even more so if you aren't completely on it
Here's Matt Roller with the view from the ground: Quite fitting for that to end with a throw that went wide - blaming fielding for a loss is the oldest trick in the book to mask poor performances elsewhere but England were really shoddy tonight
19.3;1;Jordan to Marsh, 1 run full on the stumps, 88mph and Marsh digs it out to mid-off, tip and run and the throw is wayward with Marsh short! But that will do, Australia win by five wickets - and they'll take the No. 1 ranking home with them;
19.2;?;Jordan to Marsh, no run flung full outside off, 88mph/141kph and Marsh mistimes this into the ground to cover... another dot!;
19.1;?;Jordan to Marsh, no run pitched up on the stumps and dinked to midwicket;
18.6;1;Tom Curran to Marsh, 1 run fullish in the channel and Marsh steers one more carefully to mid-off, who's on his heels... scores are level but it will go down to the final over;
18.5;?;Tom Curran to Marsh, no run pitched full, cutter on middle and leg and Marsh sends it straight to midwicket;
18.4;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run slower-ball bouncer, Agar waits for it and paddles around the corner to fine leg;
18.3;4;Tom Curran to Agar, FOUR runs full outside off, 84mph and drilled down the ground for four! Beats the dive of Archer at mid-off... and that might mean he doesn't have to bowl again, Australia almost home and hosed now;
18.2;1;Tom Curran to Marsh, 1 run full length, pace off in the channel, steered calmly through the covers by Marsh;
18.1;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run back-of-the-hand slowie, Agar pulls in the air through midwicket, just one to the man in the deep;
17.6;2;Jordan to Marsh, 2 runs slower again, Marsh pulls into the ground towards midwicket, ricochets through and they'll get two again! Wood stuck out an arm and only succeeded in deflecting it into space;
17.5;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run nudged off his hip, mid-on swoops, tight at the non-striker's end as Malan turns and fires in a throw... misses!;
17.4;1;Jordan to Marsh, 1 run full and straight, 88mph/141kph but hie's equal to this, punched down the ground to long-on;
17.3;?;Jordan to Marsh, no run pitched up, 84mph/135kph in the corridor and Marsh plinks this to cover, won't get one;
17.2;1;Jordan to Agar, 1 run full and wide and swatted through cover point to the boundary rider;
17.1;1;Jordan to Marsh, 1 run length in the channel, slower ball and Marsh miscues it into the turf towards point, scampers one;
16.6;?;Tom Curran to Agar, no run fullish from round the wicket, driven straight to midwicket - just five from the over, but Australia are edging closer;
16.5;?;Tom Curran to Agar, no run fired down the leg side, flicks the pad, I think, on its way through... England appeal for a catch, but get a dot;
16.4;1;Tom Curran to Marsh, 1 run pace off in the channel outside off, Marsh taps it down into the covers for one more;
16.3;2;Tom Curran to Marsh, 2 runs dug in short, just 71mph and Marsh has to check his pull, swung away behind square for a couple more;
16.2;1;Tom Curran to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, pace off and Agar works it around the corner for one;
16.1;1;Tom Curran to Marsh, 1 run slower ball, skipping up around Marsh's hip, fended away through backward square leg;
15.6;1;Wood to Marsh, 1 run back of a length, 88mph/142kph and Marsh casually nudges it down to the on side for one;
15.6;1w;Wood to Marsh, 1 wide 85mph/137kph, short and down the leg side, wide ball;
15.5;?;Wood to Marsh, no run pitched up and driven, picks out the man in the covers;
15.4;4;Wood to Marsh, FOUR runs full and wide, creamed through point! Width on off and Marsh latches on to a square drive, sends it racing away;
15.3;2;Wood to Marsh, 2 runs on the stumps, 85mph/137kph and he flicks leg side, another poor bit of fielding allows them to come back for two;
15.2;?;Wood to Marsh, no run skidding on, length outside off and he chops it into the ground wide of his timbers;
15.1;6;Wood to Marsh, SIX runs nailed over cow corner for a flat six! Wood digs it in but Marsh was waiting for it and properly smoked his pull;
14.6;1;Archer to Marsh, 1 run another slower ball, worked off the back foot for one into the leg side;
14.5;?;Archer to Marsh, no run bumper, hurled down outside off stump, screaming over Marsh's right shoulder as he pulls at it unsuccessfully;
14.4;1;Archer to Agar, 1 run slower delivery, on the stumps and nurdled to midwicket for one;
14.3;2;Archer to Agar, 2 runs on the pads, 88mph and Agar clips this through backward square leg, Rashid has to run around from fine and they get two more;
14.2;2;Archer to Agar, 2 runs goes round the wicket, full length, 89mph/143kph and Agar slices a drive for a couple behind point;
14.1;1;Archer to Marsh, 1 run length on the stumps, Marsh hops across and works to leg;
13.6;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run on the stumps, Marsh works this through square on the leg side, Billings keeps them to one;
13.5;?;Ali to Marsh, no run flighted, tucked straight to midwicket for a dot;
13.4;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run tossed up and Agar again opens up and swipes through square on the off side;
13.3;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run dragged down slightly on the stumps, Marsh jumps back and shovels leg side;
13.2;1;Ali to Agar, 1 run round the wicket, flat offbreak and Agar cuts forcefully for one;
13.1;1;Ali to Marsh, 1 run over the wicket, pushed through on the stumps and clipped leg side;
12.6;W;Rashid to Smith, OUT chipped back, Rashid grabs another! Smith closes the face and gets a low leading edge, just carries! Rashid gets a wicket from the final ball of his spell yet again, and Australia are having a full-blown wobble right now;Steven Smith c & b Rashid 3 (13m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 75;
12.5;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run comes forward and punches one;
12.4;?;Rashid to Marsh, no run big googly, wide of the stumps and Marsh lets it spin through;
12.3;1;Rashid to Smith, 1 run pushed through and Smith paddles it square on the leg side for one;
12.2;1;Rashid to Marsh, 1 run tossed up straight and clipped down the ground;
12.1;?;Rashid to Marsh, no run goes to Malan and again he puts it down... but I don't think there was an edge on this one! Big spin, beat the bat as Marsh went hard at it, Malan juggled the ball and nearly caught it between his ankles before it hit the ground;
11.6;1;Denly to Marsh, 1 run floated up full outside off and Marsh punches through mid-off;
11.5;1;Denly to Smith, 1 run tossed up, Smith is forward and drives this to long-on for another single;
11.4;1;Denly to Marsh, 1 run goes back and punches down to long-on;
11.3;?;Denly to Marsh, no run flighted, straightening on the stumps, dabbed back;
11.2;4;Denly to Marsh, FOUR runs edged through Malan's hands at slip! Forcing shot off the back foot and Marsh steered it to the right of Malan, who couldn't quite get his paws up in time! Runs away to third man for four, too;
11.1;1;Denly to Smith, 1 run tossed up, legbreak on middle and leg, swatted own the ground to long-on;
10.6;?;Rashid to Marsh, no run tosses up another wrong'un wide of off stump, mistimed on the drive into the covers;
10.5;2;Rashid to Marsh, 2 runs pushes through the straighter one, Marsh is back and flicks leg side, they come back for two as deep midwicket comes in;
10.4;W;Rashid to Finch, OUT bowled 'im through the gate! Rashid bags his man this time, tosses up the googly and Finch is rumbled trying to hit inside out and completely losing his shape! Spins back, smacks into leg stump and Finch is gone... two in the over for Rashid, is this where the chase turns?;Aaron Finch b Rashid 39 (52m 26b 4x4 1x6) SR: 150;
10.4;1w;Rashid to Finch, 1 wide slider down the leg side, Finch sweeps at it and Bairstow bellows out an insistent appeal! Not given, umpire Saggers signals wide, but England review. Did Finch catch up with it on the way past? No, says the technology! Very close but he didn't get anything on it;
10.3;?;Rashid to Finch, no run floated up and tapped into the covers;
10.2;W;Rashid to Maxwell, OUT shocker! Maxwell goes, reverse-scooping straight to backward point! He jumped around early, signalling what he want to do, but got in an awful tangle tying to thrash it over the off side and sent a steepling chance to Curran on the edge of the ring!;Glenn Maxwell c Curran b Rashid 6 (13m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 54.54;
10.1;?;Rashid to Maxwell, no run full and flighted, outside off and Maxwell attempts to reverse-sweep, sends it to slip on the bounce;
9.6;2;Tom Curran to Finch, 2 runs cuts the back of a length ball to the sweeper. They get through for a second again - a risky second. A better throw would have been tight.;
9.5;2;Tom Curran to Finch, 2 runs works a shortish slower ball into the midwicket region and since everyone there is in the deep, they pinch two;
9.4;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run nudges a length ball to the left of midwicket;
9.3;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run punches a shortish delivery on off stump to short cover;
9.2;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run bouncer outside off, Maxwell thinks about dragging it leg side, but then ignores it in the end;
9.1;2;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 2 runs pulls a short ball to the left of short midwwicket.;
8.6;?;Rashid to Finch, no run misses a wide full toss. He just misses it.;
8.5;2;Rashid to Finch, 2 runs sweeps at a googly, gets a top edge which evades short fine leg running to his left. Wood really did have no chance there.;
8.4;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run walks across his crease, waiting for the wrong 'un to turn and then flicking it behind square leg;
8.3;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run lashes it to the sweeper again;
8.2;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run drives the tossed up ball to the left of long-off;
8.1;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run picks the legbreak and carves it away to the sweeper;
7.6;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run taps a back of a length ball through the covers;
7.5;1;Tom Curran to Maxwell, 1 run stops on the pitch, making him chip a drive over the infield and to the sweeper. Another sign that slower balls are the way to go here;
7.4;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run good length on off stump, defends. Another back of the hand slower ball, btw.;
7.3;?;Tom Curran to Maxwell, no run defends a back of a length ball on off stump;
7.2;1;Tom Curran to Finch, 1 run nudges a good length ball into midwicket. Maxwell, the new bat, is in trouble, a direct hit from Billings might have had him!;
7.1;W;Tom Curran to Stoinis, OUT another mis-hit, and it's taken at deep square leg. Banton's the man there, keeping his eyes on a ball swirling in the air and in the end diving to his left to keep hold of it. Curran's slower ball, the one out the back of the hand, messes with Stoinis' shape. He's into the big slog too early and ends up walking back;Marcus Stoinis c Banton b Curran 26 (21m 18b 5x4 0x6) SR: 144.44;
6.6;2;Rashid to Finch, 2 runs;
6.5;?;Rashid to Finch, no run dropped And it's a dolly too! Poor Jonny Bairstow. And he'll feel the sting of an audible awwww from Rashid, who was tracking the ball too. The legspinner had secured a mis-hit, with a loopy legbreak that made Finch hit across the line. The sweep shot gets the top edge thanks to some dip and turn. It should have been a straightforward wicket. But...;
6.4;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run defends a good length ball outside off. Gets an outside edge to point;
6.3;1;Rashid to Finch, 1 run out the front of the hand this time, Finch backs away and cuts to the sweeper;
6.2;4;Rashid to Finch, FOUR runs rocks back and cuts strongly between the sweeper and long-off. That's another top shot from the Australian captain. And this one is off a slower bowler, who should be a huge threat on this pitch;
6.1;1;Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run steps out of his crease, prompting Rashid to pull his length back and drag his line wide. Stoinis adjusts and drives along the ground to long-off;
5.6;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs pierces the gap to the left of cover point, Denly unable to stop a sweetly timed punch from Finch. Australia would have wanted a Powerplay like this so dearly at the break. Now that they have it, will they be able to see this chase through?;
5.5;1;Wood to Stoinis, 1 run pushes a good length ball to mid-off;
5.4;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run blocks a shortish delivery into the covers;
5.3;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs picks up the bouncer, even though it's 91 mph, and pulls it over short fine leg. He's loving this extra pace.;
5.2;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run back of a length ball on middle and off, defends;
5.1;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs hits it right through point! He doesn't have room to free the arms, but he's clearly seeing it better than anyone else out there. Sways his body out of the way and carves it so powerfully it goes right through Banton;
4.6;1;Jordan to Stoinis, 1 run picks the slower ball and swivel pulls it to long leg;
4.5;4;Jordan to Stoinis, FOUR runs thunderous strike! Half-volley gets the treatment as Stoinis gets under it and powers away an on-drive. That's a non-striker killer. Good thing Finch was somewhere near the grass as he was backing up;
4.4;2;Jordan to Stoinis, 2 runs lifts it over mid-off, just about. Archer is the man running back and to his left, reaching out for it, but he couldn't get there. Stoinis survives after splicing a length ball that he really should have put into orbit;
4.3;4;Jordan to Stoinis, FOUR runs muscles it way. It isn't all that short. It is on off stump. Not too many people would consider that a bad ball. But Stoinis does and he pulls it to the deep midwicket boundary;
4.2;?;Jordan to Stoinis, no run blocks an 84 kph delivery on off stump into the covers;
4.1;1;Jordan to Finch, 1 run cuts the back of a length ball away to the sweeper;
3.6;4;Wood to Stoinis, FOUR runs launches it over the top of the bowler's head. It's 94 mph, but it's length and Stoinis wades into it, his front foot going towards the line of the ball and those strong shoulders power right through the line.;
3.5;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run 90mph, shortish on off stump, blocks it.;
3.5;1w;Wood to Stoinis, 1 wide bouncer that goes a little down leg. Might have been bouncing too high too, Whatever the case, this 88 mph ball is a wide;
3.4;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run leans back and cuts an 89 mph delivery to point. Hoped to beat him on his left, but couldn't;
3.3;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run 90mph, drives the full ball to cover;
3.2;?;Wood to Stoinis, no run 93mph, back of a length on of stump, defemds.;
3.1;W;Wood to Wade, OUT taken at mid-on! A skiddy back of a length ball across the left-hander. At 91 mph too. Wade tries to lift it over the fielder, but he can't get under the ball, it's too quickly onto him and he only splices it to Jordan;Matthew Wade c Jordan b Wood 14 (16m 9b 1x4 1x6) SR: 155.55;
2.6;?;Archer to Finch, no run legcutter at 80mph that flicks the pad through to the keeper;
2.5;6;Archer to Finch, SIX runs 89 mph short ball takes a top edge (off a pull shot) and sails away for six. Archer stares at it in disbelief. He had the batsman beat. For pace. For bounce. For everything. And yet it's six against his name with fine leg up;
2.4;1;Archer to Wade, 1 run pulls a back of a length ball at 80 mph to midwicket. Moeen's there, diving to his right to try and get underneath the ball to pull off the catch. But it bounces too early, giving him no chance;
2.3;?;Archer to Wade, no run walks across his stumps and misses a 93 mph low full toss outside off. Wade's not too thrilled with that.;
2.2;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run legcutter that, bringing his pace down from 95 mph to 79mph. Finch taps it through the covers;
2.1;1;Archer to Wade, 1 run works a 151 kph delivery on leg stump away to long leg;
1.6;4;Wood to Finch, FOUR runs a touch too full and a little too leg side and Finch is able to whip it over midwicket and into the boundary. That should feel good for the Australia captain. He was hoping the ball would come onto the bat under lights.;
1.5;?;Wood to Finch, no run looks to power a fuller ball on leg stump, at 149 kph, but it's mistimed to mid-on;
1.4;?;Wood to Finch, no run defends a good length ball at 143 kph on off stump. Finch is staying back, waiting for the short one, so he can't readily attack these deliveries. His balance is all wrong for that.;
1.3;?;Wood to Finch, no run blocks a fast one on middle stump. 148 kph from Wood;
1.2;1;Wood to Wade, 1 run drives down the ground to mid-on;
1.1;1;Wood to Finch, 1 run low full toss tailing into Finch, who is just about able to flick it through square leg;
0.6;6;Archer to Wade, SIX runs picks it up and swipes it away over deep square leg, and it's been hit so well its gone into the signage, towering over the very back of the stands. What a shot. What a pick up. What a way to start the innings off. 91m six.;
0.5;?;Archer to Wade, no run smashes it down the ground and would have been four too had it not thudded right into his partner Finch at the non-strikers' end.;
0.4;4;Archer to Wade, FOUR runs a little glove and even that little, at this pace, is enough to run away to the boundary behind the keeper. Pull shot to a short ball at the body and no matter the mis-hit, it runs away;
0.3;1;Archer to Finch, 1 run;
0.2;4;Archer to Finch, FOUR runs picks up the short ball and launches it away to the deep square leg boundary. Outstanding shot. Saw it so early;
0.1;1;Archer to Wade, 1 run 92.7 mph, cramps him with a shortish ball at the body, he works it away to long leg;

Right then, here we go. Australia will want to get this right and that means going well early. Finch and Wade at the crease.
 Innings Start
England
Australia
3rd T20I (N), Southampton, Sep 8 2020, Australia tour of England
145/6
146/5
Player of the match is Mitchell Marsh, AUS
Australia won by 5 wickets (with 3 balls remaining)
