Data
3.00pm First thoughts? Pakistan are at least 40 short of where they should have been. Babar Azam was sensational and became the joint-fastest to 1000 ODI runs during the course of his 84. But the pressure of being unable to score quickly towards the end got him to play a big shot. The early running was done by Sharjeel Khan, before Travis Head's double strike pegged them back. The last 10 overs were far from productive, and credit for that should to go Pat Cummins and James Faulkner, who mixed up their slower deliveries with some rip roaring bouncers. Just 50 off the last 10 overs for Pakistan. Advantage Australia at this stage! Join us in 30 minutes for the chase
49.6;1;Faulkner to Amir, 1 run slapped over the infield, but on the bounce to deep point. As far as last overs go, you can't get better than that;
49.5;1;Faulkner to Rizwan, 1 run worked into the gap between midwicket and mid-on, Amir turns for the second but is sent back;
49.4;2;Faulkner to Rizwan, 2 runs tap and run stuff. Turned towards midwicket, the boundary rider has plenty of work to do and can't beat the two batsmen to deliver;
49.3;1;Faulkner to Amir, 1 run swings leg side, gets a thick inside edge that rolls to the off side;
49.2;1;Faulkner to Rizwan, 1 run on the pads, turned to short fine leg;
49.1;?;Faulkner to Rizwan, no run starts off with a back of the hand slower delivery from around the stumps, bunted back to the bowler. No room, no pace to work with;
48.6;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run both feet off the ground when the bat face turns to ease that to point;
48.5;1;Cummins to Amir, 1 run hops back and turns the short ball on middle and leg to midwicket;
48.4;1;Cummins to Rizwan, 1 run onto his toes and whips it to deep square;
48.3;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run slash and a miss. Too close to cut, beaten for pace as well;
48.2;4;Cummins to Rizwan, FOUR runs I'm sure even Rizwan has no clue how he has managed to scoop that fine over short fine. Shaped to play, but looked away so that he isn't in danger of being hit if there's a top edge. Somehow gets his willow to the line of the ball and the deflection bounces into the ropes;
48.1;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run caught on the hop as he looks to tuck it fine. Struggling to lay bat on ball at the moment. Hit high on the thigh pas this time;
41.6;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run backs away and muscles the slower ball over cover, but on the bounce to the fielder. Didn't generate the kind of power he would have liked;
41.5;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run opens the bat face to run it down to third man, but doesn't have the width or pace to beat the man there, a single nonetheless;
41.4;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run on middle and leg, worked to the leg side as they complete an easy single;
41.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run too full outside off, squeezed to deep cover;
41.2;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run worked off his hip towards square leg for an easy single;
41.1;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run direct hit at the bowler's end would have resulted in Akmal's dismissal. Pat Cummins the fielder at point. Super pick up, rocket throw but just wide of the stumps;
40.6;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run looks to touch and run, but Hazlewood does well to hare across and prevent both batsmen from doing that;
40.5;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run hops back, eases it down to third man using the bowler's pace;
40.4;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run hint of width outside off is enough for him to chop that down to third man;
40.3;1;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, 1 run hops back and opens the bat face late to run it down to third man;
40.2;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run short of length ball on off stump, he takes his bottom hand off the grip and defends that;
40.1;?;Hazlewood to Umar Akmal, no run angles a length ball on middle from wide of the crease, not much room for Akmal to work with, defended back down the pitch;
47.6;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run looked to swing that to Perth's CBD, but couldn't connect. Backed away to go over long on, cross-batted, nowhere near the pitch or the line. Beaten;
47.5;1;Hazlewood to Rizwan, 1 run turns the incoming length delivery towards deep square. Warner was coming in but the two was always on, except he slipped while turning for the second;
47.4;?;Hazlewood to Rizwan, no run gets out of the line to scoop it over the keeper's head, but the bounce on the surface meant it was always going to be an arduous task;
47.3;?;Hazlewood to Rizwan, no run looks to force that off the back foot but can't get behind the line, awkwardly defends it back to the bowler;
47.2;1;Hazlewood to Amir, 1 run he comes into play immediately. Amir backs away and angles it down to there. Looked to play it wide of point initially;
47.1;?;Hazlewood to Amir, no run hangs back and looks to ramp it over the keeper's head, but is done in by the bounce. He was off balance too when he tried to play it;
46.6;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run chopped to point, Maxwell moves swiftly to his left to cut that off.;
46.5;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run floats this full on off, the ball nips back in and meets a dead bat;
46.4;2;Cummins to Rizwan, 2 runs super timing! Faulkner at third man comes around towards deep point to cut that off. It was just a glide using the bowler's pace;
46.3;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run cramped for room, beaten for pace as he defends to the off side again;
46.2;?;Cummins to Rizwan, no run guides it from the crease to point;
46.1;W;Cummins to Imad Wasim, OUT slapped over the infield, but that is an outstanding catch by Travis Head running backwards from mid-off. He had to be mindful of Maxwell running from cover, but the loud and clear call allowed him to back off. Having made the early call, aided by a head start, he kept his eyes on the ball and then flung himself forward to complete the catch. Never easy taking those, especially when you're running backwards, but wow, did he pull off a stunner or what. Pakistan are crumbling here after setting themselves up for a 300 plus total;Imad Wasim c Head b Cummins 9 (21m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 69.23;
39.6;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run length ball on middle and leg, eased to long-on;
39.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run short of length ball on middle and leg, tucked to deep square. Babar wanted the second and was halfway through, Akmal didn't move an inch;
39.4;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run slower and fuller on off, dabbed to cover for a quick single;
39.3;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run punched past the bowler to long-off as they take an easy single;
39.2;4;Faulkner to Babar Azam, FOUR runs shot of a man who is now seeing this like a football. Length ball on middle and leg, Azam brings his wrists into the picture to whip the ball up and over wide mid-on, one bounce into the boundary.;
39.1;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run full outside off, pushed to long-off as they jog the single;
38.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run dropped chance, would have been a stunner had he held on. This is a flat batted pull which he looks to swat over Cummins's head. He puts his hand out on the follow-through but catches like those should stick.;
38.5;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run this is a rip roaring bouncer that leaves Wade flinging to his left to get a hand on that. Azam arched back to sway out of the way. The ball swung back in a long way after it passed the batsman. Wade has the presence of mind to flick the ball back and prevent the batmen from scampering a bye;
38.4;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run bouncer outside off at 140kph, he sways out of the way of that delivery;
38.3;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs flicks a length ball into the gap at deep square leg, two easy runs brought about by strong, steely wrists;
38.2;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run hops back and across to work the short bouncer on middle to square leg;
38.1;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run crunched off the back foot to Warner at deep point;
37.6;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run beaten by a slower delivery. Deceptive change in pace without much change of grip;
37.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run width and he's slapped that to deep cover, no more than a single since there's protection there. Cheer from the Pakistan fans as the 200 is up;
37.4;2;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 2 runs whipped towards the vacant square leg region, timed well and so short fine leg has to run back and come around to cut that off, excellent running;
37.3;1;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, 1 run eased to deep cover as they jog a single;
37.2;?;Faulkner to Umar Akmal, no run back of length delivery on off from over the wicket, Akmal dabs it to Maxwell, who swoops in from cover to prevent the single;
37.1;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run opens his wrists nicely to ease that off the back foot to sweeper cover;
36.6;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run looks to get out of the way of that bouncer but gets into a tangle as the ball keeps coming back into him and raps him on the glove.;
36.5;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run hustles him with a pacy bouncer outside off, Umar gets on top of the bounce and dabs it to the off side. Pressure building;
36.4;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run looks to punch this over mid-off, but it ends up being a flat hit to the fielder there, they steal a quick single;
36.3;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run looks to whip this over midwicket from outside off, but gets a thick inside edge onto the pad, the deflection rolls to the keeper;
36.2;1;Cummins to Umar Akmal, 1 run awkward bounce but he does well to open the bat face late to ease it down to third man. He was initially trying to sway out of the way;
36.1;?;Cummins to Umar Akmal, no run length ball outside off, he gets forward and blocks;
35.6;6;Head to Babar Azam, SIX runs long, long boundary at deep midwicket, but it doesn't matter for Babar. Sees the flight, gets down on one knee, underneath the flight followed by the free swing to get the slog sweep over the ropes. Super shot, what confidence to play that stroke!;
35.5;1;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 run gets forward and eases it wide of cover as they complete a quick single;
35.4;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run slow turn on middle, worked to square leg;
35.3;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run too full outside off, crunched to sweeper cover;
35.2;1;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 run looks to turn it to the leg side, gets a leading edge that rolls back past the bowler and they steal a single;
35.1;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run quicker delivery on middle from around the stumps, pushed back to the bowler;
34.6;1;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, 1 run that's the end of a fine spell. Short of length delivery outside off, he rides the bounce and dabs it to the off side;
34.5;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run gets on top of the bounce and bunts it to the off side;
34.4;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run low full toss on middle and leg, turned to mid-on. It was almost as if he didn't expect that delivery;
34.3;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run floats this full on off, Akmal gets to the pitch of the ball and bunts it to the off side;
34.3;1w;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, 1 wide short outside off, he sways out of the way of that. Umpire thinks it was way over his head, good call;
34.2;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run drops it gently towards backward point, looks for a single but is sent back;
34.1;4;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, FOUR runs wow, that's a lovely stroke from Umar. This is a length ball on off stump, he brings those wrists into play to flick that one bounce into the midwicket boundary. Top shot;
33.6;2;Head to Babar Azam, 2 runs short, he rocks back and pulls this over the infield, towards deep midwicket;
33.5;2;Head to Babar Azam, 2 runs tipping over the bar stuff. There was a chance for Smith at short midwicket, but it was powerfully struck too. It was short, he rocked back to pull, would have been a beauty had he pulled that off;
33.4;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run darts this one on middle and leg, solidly defended back down the pitch;
33.3;1;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 run short on middle and leg, nurdled to square leg for an easy single;
33.2;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run quicker delivery outside off from around the stumps, he rocks back and blocks;
33.1;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run slider across Akmal from around the stumps, he feels for the delivery and is beaten;
32.6;1;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, 1 run low full toss, tailing in on off stump, puts a small stride in and turns it across the line to deep square;
32.5;2;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, 2 runs good length on middle stump, glanced off his hips;
32.4;2;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, 2 runs it's Akmal time. Full outside off, tries to slice it inside-out but doesn't middle it, floats dangerously and falls safely behind cover;
32.3;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run good length on off, defended nervously to point;
32.2;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run OOOH! 140 kph, good length in the corridor, climbs at him and beats his outside edge;
32.1;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length, turned down to third man;
31.6;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run good length, front foot defence;
31.5;?;Head to Umar Akmal, no run MISSED STUMPING! Umar Akmal obviously has a different plan than his cousin at the other end. Steps out to a good length ball outside off, his hands and eyes are looking for the midwicket boundary, but the ball has snuck through him and Wade hasn't collected that. Poor from both of them.;
31.4;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run rotation is the order of the day. Good length on off, pushed through the off side;
31.3;1;Head to Umar Akmal, 1 run short and wide, slapped to deep cover;
31.2;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on off, pushed into the open off side infield;
31.1;2;Head to Babar Azam, 2 runs dropped short outside off, cut away late and square, sweeper has to run 40 yards to cut this off;
30.6;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length outside off, chops it into the pitch and scrambles to find it in the air. Doesn't pick it, but it loops safely over the stumps;
30.5;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
30.4;?;Stanlake to Umar Akmal, no run full and angling in from outside off, big stride and shoulders arms;
30.3;W;Stanlake to Malik, OUT GONE! 134 kph, good length in the corridor, and his poor feet movement have finally done him. Pushes at it with hard hands and gets a healthy outside edge. Wade takes it easily and that's Stanlake's first wicket in ODIs;Shoaib Malik c ?Wade b Stanlake 39 (40m 41b 3x4 1x6) SR: 95.12;
30.2;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a a length outside off, turned down to third man and now he brings up his fifty. Pakistani cheers all round the stadium;
30.1;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run good length, angled in at off stump, back foot defence;
30.1;1w;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 wide 134 kph, bouncer on middle stump and it flies well over the ducking batsman;
29.6;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run good length outside off, pushed off the front foot between point and covers;
29.5;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run short on middle, angled across, jumps up and turns it into the leg side;
29.4;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length, chopped down to third man;
29.3;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run back of a length on off, opens his face and turns it down to third man;
29.2;2;Faulkner to Malik, 2 runs good length outside off, pushed to mid-off and takes him on, he rushes in and shies at the stump, overthrows again;
29.1;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run AND THERE IT IS! Full outside off, drives it to mid-off and runs across. He's equalled Richards, Pietersen, Trott and de Kock as the fastest to 1000 runs in ODIs - 21 innings.;
28.6;4;Stanlake to Malik, FOUR runs EDGED! Strange shot that. Full outside off, no feet, tries to half-caress, half-drive that through the off side, but gets a big outside edge down to the third man boundary;
28.5;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run 139 kph, full and angling in on middle stump, driven nicely to mid-on;
28.4;?;Stanlake to Malik, no run 133 kph, bouncer outside off, left alone;
28.3;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length on off stump, waits for it on the back foot and turns it down to third man. NINE NINE NINE.;
28.2;2;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 2 runs back of a length on off stump, gets on top of the bounce and punches into the open midwicket region;
28.1;1;Stanlake to Malik, 1 run back of a length outside off, chops it to deep cover off the back foot;
27.6;1;Faulkner to Malik, 1 run good length, angled across off, waits back and places it down to third man;
27.5;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run full and wide outside off, he wants to push this to sweeper for a single, but not feet. Thick inside edge back to the bowler;
27.4;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run good length on off stump, small stride, defended;
27.3;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run walks across again, but this time gets bat on it and turns it down to fine leg;
27.3;1w;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 wide short and too wide;
27.2;2lb;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 2 leg byes CLOSE! Almost picked up my first commentary wicket. Walks across his stumps to this good length delivery, and catches it on his pads as he tries to flick it. Pitched outside leg though but trapped him right in front;
27.1;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run short outside off, not wide enough for the cut, and he gets it on the inside half and into the pitch;
26.6;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run bouncer on off stump, Malik is happy to duck under this;
26.5;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run good length, tails in again, and gets the inside half of his bat. To the right of mid-on. This movement is encouraging.;
26.4;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run short and wide, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot;
26.3;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run full on middle stump, tailing in slightly, driven firmly to mid-on;
26.2;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run back of a length on middle, pushed off the back foot to midwicket;
26.1;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run good length outside off, left alone;
25.6;1;Head to Malik, 1 run good length on middle, goes back and pushes it to square leg with soft hands;
25.5;4;Head to Malik, FOUR runs dropped short on middle, gets deep and slaps it over midwicket;
25.4;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on off stump, and he pushes it off to long-off, who he has just placed there with his previous shot. Good batting;
25.3;4;Head to Babar Azam, FOUR runs What a player this guy is. Floated across him on a good length, steps out and hits it inside out over mid-off;
25.2;1;Head to Malik, 1 run good length angled across him, goes back and pushes it late to short third man;
25.1;?;Head to Malik, no run back of a length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler;
24.6;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run back of a length in the corridor, tries to turn it through square leg, but inside edges onto the pad;
24.5;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run back of a length on off, thick outside edge off his back foot defence and down to third man;
24.4;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run good length outside off, left alone;
24.3;1;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on off stump, puts a small stride across and pushes it wide of mid-on;
24.2;1;Hazlewood to Malik, 1 run short outside off, jumps up and doesn't quite time his cut. He wanted to keep that down, but it caught the top edge. One-bounce to third man;
24.1;?;Hazlewood to Malik, no run good length on off stump, nips back in slightly, defended off the back foot;
23.6;1;Head to Malik, 1 run short on middle, backs away and cuts it late, straight to deep point;
23.5;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length on middle, goes back and hits it aerially, but safely, off the back foot to deep midwicket;
23.4;1;Head to Malik, 1 run drops short on middle, swivels back and throws everything he's got into this pull shot, but it's only a single down to long-on;
23.3;6;Head to Malik, SIX runs WOW! You can keep looking at that on loop. Floated on off stump, he steps out and lifts it majestically over the bowler's head and whacks the sightscreen - which is a 103 metres behind. Gorgeous.;
23.2;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run dropped short, driven off the back foot to long-on;
23.1;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run floated on middle, steps out but can push it only to midwicket;
22.6;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run back of a length on off stump, defended;
22.5;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run good length, off stump, front foot defence;
22.4;6;Faulkner to Malik, 6 runs good length on off stump, goes forward and pushes it nicely behind point. Wade has an unnecessary shy at the non-strikers where Fualkner isn't expecting it and gives away four extra runs;
22.3;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run back of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot;
22.2;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run back of a length angling across off, tries to cut this one but the bat turns, one bounce to cover;
22.1;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run Beauty. Good length, angled across in the corridor, and squares him up;
21.6;1;Head to Malik, 1 run pushes it flat on middle stump, goes back and pushes to the right of short third man;
21.5;?;Head to Malik, no run floated in at off stump, forward defence;
21.4;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run full on middle stump, driven to long-on;
21.3;1;Head to Malik, 1 run good length on off stump, pushed with soft hands to the covers region;
21.2;?;Head to Malik, no run floated on a good length outside off, forward defence;
21.1;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run good length outside off, stretches forward, thick outside edge. Short third man puts in a dive to keep it to a single;
20.6;4;Faulkner to Malik, FOUR runs good length, angled across, no feet movement again as he throws his hands at this. Gets an inside edge and the fine leg fielder's dive only gives the ball momentum to hit the rope;
20.5;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run good length, angled across the batsman, left alone;
20.4;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run gets a stride in this time, defends the corridor ball to covers;
20.3;?;Faulkner to Malik, no run good length outside off, no feet, defended late;
20.2;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length outside off, chopped to third man;
20.1;?;Faulkner to Babar Azam, no run Did that carry? It did and he's dropped it in his follow through. Good length on middle, pushes at it well away from his body and chips it back to Faulkner, who has to dive low to get to it. He doesn't. Instead, it clips his fingers and hits the stumps at the non-strikers, where Malik is just about in - with his feet. Poor technique, but he's still there.;
19.6;W;Head to Shafiq, OUT GONE! Grade cricket batting that. Head loops it across him outside off, he steps out early, gets beaten in flight and doesn't know what to do with it next. Flails at it as it keeps drifting away and he can only get a top-edge, straight to short third man;Asad Shafiq c Khawaja b Head 5 (14m 10b 0x4 0x6) SR: 50;
19.5;?;Head to Shafiq, no run full outside off, hard hands, doesn't connect the cover drive well;
19.4;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run dropped short, pulled away to deep midiwcket;
19.3;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run good length, steps out and gets beaten in flight, pushed to midwicket;
19.2;1;Head to Shafiq, 1 run floated up on middle, good stride, uses his wrists to turn it square on the leg side;
19.1;?;Head to Shafiq, no run back of a length on off, punched to covers;
18.6;1;Faulkner to Shafiq, 1 run slower ball, good length on off, hangs back and stabs it down to third man;
18.5;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run good length outside off, waits on it and opens the face to run it down to third man;
18.4;1;Faulkner to Shafiq, 1 run good length, angled across off stump, pushed through the open covers region;
18.3;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run SHOT. Full outside off, gets behind the line and drives it down beautfiully. Deserved four there, bu mid-off puts in a good dive;
18.2;1;Faulkner to Shafiq, 1 run back of a length, slightly outside off, too close to cut but he goes for it anyway and hits it uppishly to third man;
18.1;1;Faulkner to Babar Azam, 1 run back of a length, angled across the left-hander, pulled away without any timing, goes to the right of mid-on;
17.6;?;Head to Shafiq, no run good length on middle, pushed feebly to midwicket;
17.5;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run good length on middle stump, goes back and glances it to the right of midwicket;
17.4;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run gives him the charge and hits it straight to cover;
17.3;?;Head to Babar Azam, no run Uff! Angled across from middle stump and holds it's line. Outside edge falls safe;
17.2;1;Head to Shafiq, 1 run drops it short and wide, cut away to sweeper cover;
17.1;?;Head to Shafiq, no run around the wicket, good length, angled across, forward defence;
16.6;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs good length on off stump, another half-stride, another push past Warner;
16.5;2;Cummins to Babar Azam, 2 runs full and angled in on off stump, puts in a half-stride, gets a high elbow in and drives it past Warner at mid-off. Should've been three;
16.4;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run bouncer on middle stump, he's comfortably ducked under that;
16.3;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run full length, angling in towards off, times the drive nicely but straight to mid-on;
16.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run good length outside off, puts a stride in and pushes it to covers;
16.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run back of a length in the corridor, climbs up on top of the bounce and bunts it back to the bowler;
15.6;W;Head to Sharjeel, OUT the party is over! Sharjeel looks to cut again, this time it was too close for him to play that. The drift in ensured he only managed a thick inside edge back onto the stumps. Celebration one delivery, frustration the next.;Sharjeel Khan b Head 50 (70m 47b 8x4 1x6) SR: 106.38;
15.5;4;Head to Sharjeel, FOUR runs thick edge that races past short third man. There's a half-century for Sharjeel. The fans are happy. He looked to crack this behind point;
15.4;4;Head to Sharjeel, FOUR runs pulled wide of midwicket. That is a bullet hit, long-on was no more than a few yards from the delivery but he had no chance. Sharjeel on the move;
15.3;4;Head to Sharjeel, FOUR runs width and he's crashed that into the deep point boundary. Warner it is again. Super effort to get there, sprinted 30 metres and then got in the dive, but couldn't stop it as the ball clipped him on the chest and deflected to the boundary;
15.2;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run pushed through quicker on middle, dabbed to the off side;
15.1;1;Head to Babar Azam, 1 run tossed up on middle and leg, worked with the angle to long-on;
14.6;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run sways out of the way of that quick bouncer on middle;
14.5;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run a misfield at mid-off by Warner gives them a single that shouldn't have been;
14.4;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run better technique, gets onto his toes and fends this to the leg side as they scamper a run;
14.3;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and works this to square leg;
14.2;4;Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR runs lucky break. Frustration for the bowler. No feet movement from Azam as he looks to thrash this over point, gets a thick inside edge to the fine leg boundary instead;
14.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run mix-up, but sent back. Azam pushed this towards mid-on and was wandering down the pitch. There was a direct hit at the striker's end but he was just in;
13.6;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run leans forward and turns the full delivery to midwicket;
13.5;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run big, big shout for lbw. Sharjeel looks to get outside the line of the stumps and mow it over square leg, looks like he got a hint of bat on that. Australia have no reviews left. Close call though;
13.4;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run gets forward and dabs the in-drifter back down the pitch;
13.3;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run cramped for room, hit back to the bowler this time;
13.2;4;Head to Sharjeel, FOUR runs that's the release he has been waiting for. Head errs in length, this one's too short, Sharjeel makes room and cracks it behind point. Poor effort from Cummins. First boundary since the fifth over;
13.1;?;Head to Sharjeel, no run drifts one into middle, Sharjeel gets forward and blocks;
12.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run bullet drive, but the bowler does well to put his right hand out on the follow-through and stop that;
12.5;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run good bouncer on middle and off, Azam gets out of the way nice and early;
12.4;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run stands tall and punches the short of length delivery to cover;
12.3;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run ripper of a delivery that nips away late to beat Sharjeel's flirty push. Played inside the line of that delivery;
12.2;1;Cummins to Babar Azam, 1 run driven through the line to Warner at mid-off, chances his arm and takes off for a single, the throw is fired to the striker's end. Sharjeel was well in;
12.1;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run bangs a short ball outside off, Azam gets on top of the bounce and fends it to the off side;
11.6;?;Stanlake to Sharjeel, no run stays inside the crease and dabs the away-going length ball to the off side. Excellent comeback this from Stanlake;
11.5;?;Stanlake to Sharjeel, no run slower delivery, was through with the flick, except this time there was more bounce and was hit on the thigh pad as a result;
11.4;?;Stanlake to Sharjeel, no run didn't get underneath the delivery, looked to slap that down the ground past mid-off;
11.3;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run looks to force one through cover, gets an inside edge that rolls past leg stump, Wade does well to run to his left and stop that. No feet movement there from Azam;
11.2;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run not there for the cut. Too full, not much width as well, the ball shaves past the inside edge;
11.1;1;Stanlake to Sharjeel, 1 run swivels back and pulls him to deep fine leg. Cummins misfields but recovers quickly to keep it to a single;
10.6;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run stands tall and punches it past the diving point fielder for an easy single;
10.6;1w;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 wide too short, another wide. Looking to test the bounce of the surface, is he? This was way down leg side and the correct call;
10.5;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run gets half forward and punches the away-going length delivery to cover;
10.4;?;Cummins to Sharjeel, no run solidly behind the line of that full delivery on middle, eased back down to the bowler;
10.4;1w;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 wide way over the batsman's head, too short from Cummins outside off. This time it's called wide. Wade was airborne when he collected that;
10.3;3;Cummins to Babar Azam, 3 runs quality stroke from a quality player. Punching through the line between cover and point. Warner sprints behind that and pulls it back in;
10.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run punched straight to cover point;
10.1;1;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 run drops it into the off side gently towards the man coming in from point;
9.6;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run stays inside the crease and bunts the short of length delivery to the off side;
9.5;1;Stanlake to Sharjeel, 1 run whipped behind square on the leg side. Bat, thigh pad and the deflection;
9.4;?;Stanlake to Sharjeel, no run did the edge carry to Wade? It was a thick inside edge of a mow over cow corner, played outside the line too. Lot fuller this time from Stanlake. There were two sounds. Some pad as well. Replays suggest it fell short of Wade;
9.3;?;Stanlake to Sharjeel, no run short ball at 143.9 clicks, but well down the leg side. Once again he's gotten away with it. That was a big wide, says Waqar on air. He's spot on.;
9.2;1;Stanlake to Babar Azam, 1 run stands tall to punch, gets a thick outside edge to third man;
9.1;1;Stanlake to Sharjeel, 1 run whipped to deep square. Short of length delivery on middle, he was onto his toes to play that;
8.6;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run in two minds again. Not sure whether to play or leave, goes for it and then pulls out, but it was too late again. The ball had already passed the bat;
8.5;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run plants forward confidently and defends the length ball to the off side;
8.4;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run not too full for the cut, chops it to point;
8.3;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run firm push but can't beat mid-on there. Hazlewood does well;
8.2;?;Cummins to Babar Azam, no run play and a miss. Looks for an expansive cut, and when he decided to pull out, the ball had already passed the bat. High 140s again, this time from Cummins;
8.1;1lb;Cummins to Sharjeel, 1 leg bye hustled for pace as he goes back to whip it away, deflects off the thigh pad to the leg side and they steal a leg bye;
7.6;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run this is angled full and into the batsman from wide of the crease, Azam looks to work it leg side and has been saved by a thick inside edge. The impact was in line and would have gone on to hit if not for an inside edge.;
7.5;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run short of length delivery outside off, left alone. This one touches 145.6kph;
7.4;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run too short and way over the batsman's head, Azam ducks under it again;
7.3;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run plants his front foot forward and drives through the line to cover;
7.2;?;Stanlake to Babar Azam, no run floats this full on off from wide of the crease, eased to mid-on;
7.1;1;Stanlake to Sharjeel, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and works it off his hip to deep square leg;
6.6;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run this is a beauty! Swerves away late, Azam was drawn into the drive and is lucky the delivery was too good to find the edge. Wow, cracking stuff this.;
6.5;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run solidly behind the line of that incoming short of length delivery;
6.4;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run rip roaring bouncer out of frustration perhaps. Azam comfortably ducks under it;
6.3;2;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, 2 runs uppish but safe. Looks like the bat face turned in his hand as he looked to drive, between point and gully. Third man comes around to cut that off. This is the "in-between" length that makes Hazlewood dangerous;
6.2;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run half shout for lbw, but this was an instinctive reaction. The ball was angling into middle and leg, hit him high on the thigh pad;
6.1;?;Hazlewood to Babar Azam, no run good length delivery on off stump, Azam plants his foot forward and defends solidly to the off side;

Hassaan Hydz: "Had Maxwell not saved that sure boundary the outcome of this over and the bowlers confidence level would have been way different!" Small things matter, don't they?
 Innings Start
Like Mohammad Hafeez said, the platform was there to get 300, but Australia came back nicely into this game. You don't give a man like Handscomb chances with the form he's in - he capitalized fully and overcame a nervy start to post a nice 82 on debut.
Smith was calm throughout the chase and managed Handscomb nicely, while cruising to an eighth century. A good solid win for Australia. That's all for today, folks. Thanks for joining in. See you soon.
Steven Smith is the Player of the Match. "We bowled pretty well in the afternoon to restrict them to 260 odd when it was a 320 wicket," he says. "Luck always helps, Handscomb is batting really nicely. He's carrying on his form from Test cricket. He didn't look out of place at all. I love batting and scoring runs, it was nice to get another big one. When you get yourself in, this is one of the best places to bat."
Hafeez: There was a platform for us to make 300 plus, but we missed our opportunity. No-balls are all part of the game, but the effort was there from the bowlers. Once you miss those chances, the pressure will always be on you. Everyone has to lift themselves. The next two venues will suit us.
Handscomb: "It was nice to have the WA crowd on my side for a change! Had some luck but I was happy to grab the opportunity. I was just trying to use my feet to try and go forward or back to unsettle the bowlers. The team's feeling great and it was great coming back into this side. The atmosphere is great. We were confident of chasing this total down. Through the middle, I was actually talking to Smith to see if I could perfect the french cut. It tried to hit three singles and got three fours, so that was great. Happy about how it went today."
Good cricket from Australia today. There was a point where Pakistan looked well on their way to 300, but they pulled them back. From that point, barring a few overs at the start of their innings, they were fully in control.
44.6;4;Junaid to Head, FOUR runs and that's it. Full on middle stump, moves into him slightly, and he uses the angle to punch it past mid-on;
44.5;?;Junaid to Head, no run good length in a nice channel, defended to point;
44.4;?;Junaid to Head, no run short and wide, frees his arms and cuts it, but straight to point;
44.3;?;Junaid to Head, no run full outside off stump, small stride in and drives it straight to cover;
44.2;?;Junaid to Head, no run good length, wide of off stump, leaves it alone;
44.1;1;Junaid to Smith, 1 run good length, angled across off stump, pushed to deep cover;
43.6;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, tails in slightly and gets the inside half of the bat on his attempted defence. Single through square leg;
43.5;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run back of a length on middle, steps across and pulls it to deep midwicket;
43.4;2;Hasan Ali to Head, 2 runs good length off cutter on the pads, pushed with soft hands and there's no one in the infield on the leg side;
43.3;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run good length on middle stump, gets back and pushes it to mid-on;
43.2;4;Hasan Ali to Smith, FOUR runs short on middle stump, one step across and pulls it past deep square leg. The Australian Open could use him.;
43.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run slower ball, full outside off. Smith is into his drive early again, but gets bat on it this time. A turning bat though. Straight to mid-off;
42.6;?;Amir to Head, no run good length, angled in at the top of off stump, but Head is solidly behind this and defends it;
42.5;?;Amir to Head, no run back of a length outside off, back foot defence;
42.4;?;Amir to Head, no run good length, angled in from outside off, it gets big oh him but he defends it easily;
42.3;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs short and angled into the hips, jumps up and turns it down to the fine leg boundary;
42.2;?;Amir to Head, no run short on middle stump, gets on top of the bounce and defends it;
42.1;?;Amir to Head, no run good length, wide outside off, slashes at it but it slips under his bat;
41.6;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run full on middle stump, pushed off the front foot through the covers;
41.5;1b;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 bye good slower ball. 119 kph, good length outside off. Smith wants to whip this through midwicket but he's into it too early and it slides between bat and pad;
41.4;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run short on off stump, gets on his toes and runs it down to third man;
41.3;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run bouncer at his right shoulder, gets down nice and easy to sway away from it;
41.2;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off stump, punched off the back foot to deep cover;
41.1;4;Hasan Ali to Smith, FOUR runs short and wide outside off, slight step across and pulls it through the right of mid-on to bring up his eight century. Fabulous innings from Smith. Handled the loss of two wickets and a nervy debutant well and takes his team all the way;
40.6;4;Amir to Head, FOUR runs full and drifting into the pads, waits on it and punches it past mid-on;
40.5;?;Amir to Head, no run good length outside off, climbs on him as he defends it off the back foot;
40.4;?;Amir to Head, no run can't direct this bouncer. Good height, but down the leg side;
40.3;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run short of a length on middle, walks across and pushes it to deep square leg;
40.2;?;Amir to Smith, no run full and angled across from middle stump, pushed back to the bowler;
40.1;1;Amir to Head, 1 run good length, wide outside off, driven off the back foot to sweeper cover;
39.6;1;Hasan Ali to Head, 1 run ooomph. Sweetly timed cover drive to this wide delivery outside off. There's a sweeper there now though;
39.5;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run squares him up again. Full on middle, checks his shot last minute to show the full face but gets a thick outside edge that goes to point;
39.4;4;Hasan Ali to Head, FOUR runs full outside off, shuffles across slightly and middles his square drive to perfection;
39.3;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run full on middle stump this time, pushes forward and drives it solidly to mid-off;
39.2;?;Hasan Ali to Head, no run superb. Angles it across the left-hander, hits middle, deviates slightly and beats his outside edge;
39.1;W;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, OUT bouncer in the corridor, he steps out and cramps himself. Can't get much on his attempted hook, it hits his glove and dollies up for the keeper - who runs 10 yards to his left and dives forward to hold on to this. No dropped catch, no overstepping. He really is out, guys. Really.;Peter Handscomb c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Hasan Ali 82 (127m 84b 6x4 0x6) SR: 97.61;
38.6;?;Amir to Smith, no run walks across and gets a bouncer this time and he can't do much. Ducks under it last minute and nods at the bowler in acknowledgement;
38.5;1;Amir to Handscomb, 1 run back of a length on middle, opens the face and runs it down to third man;
38.4;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run good length on off, shuffles across and pushes it wide of mid-on;
38.3;1;Amir to Handscomb, 1 run good length on off stump, waits, opens the face, places it down to third man;
38.2;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run similar line, similar length, this time he dabs it to covers and gets a single;
38.1;4;Amir to Smith, FOUR runs good length wide outside off, walks across and slaps it in front of deep midwicket;
37.6;4;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, FOUR runs and now a slice through the slip cordon. Full outside off, leans back and places it to the right of first slip;
37.5;4;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, FOUR runs another inside edge! Almost looks intentional here. Good length outside off, short arm jab of an attempted cut, inside edge, four more;
37.4;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run slower ball outside off, tries to turn it through square leg, gets an inside edge again, but the keeper stops it;
37.3;4;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, FOUR runs good length outside off, not short enough to cut, but he goes for it and gets four glorious runs through an inside edge through fine leg;
37.2;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run back of a length on off stump, climbs on him as he punches it into the ground. Flies high and fast to the left of Umar Akmal at point, and he puts in a dive to stop it. Good effort.;
37.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run good length, wide outside off, leaves it alone;
36.6;3;Junaid to Smith, 3 runs full outside off, walks across his stumps again, waits for it, hangs his bat high above his shoulder and brings it down at an angle to drive it past mid-on's right. Deep midwicket has had to run a long way across;
36.5;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run short outside off, shuffles across and whips it to the right of mid-on;
36.4;1;Junaid to Smith, 1 run good length outside off, walks across and pushes to deep midwicket;
36.3;?;Junaid to Smith, no run good length, angled across him, he walks across and stabs at it. Beaten on the outside edge;
36.2;4;Junaid to Smith, FOUR runs bouncer angled across the batsman, he goes for the hook but it is too big on him. Would've been a wide. But he gets enough bat and it flies fine. One bounce and four;
36.1;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run 112 kph, slower ball full outside off, sliced to deep point;
35.6;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs pushed into the pads on a good length, turns it away simply for two behind square on the leg side;
35.5;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run good length on middle, steps out and tucks it to the right of midwicket;
35.4;2;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 2 runs full on middle, steps out and flicks it behind square, deep midwicket gets across and puts a dive to keep it to two;
35.3;?;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, no run fired in on a good length at off stump, he wanted to turn this into the leg side but settled for a straight bat defence;
35.2;2;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 2 runs what a shot! Good length outside off, steps out and still has to reach far ahead of his body. He does. And turns it behind square on the leg side;
35.1;2;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 2 runs short outside off, backs away and cuts it hard past a diving point's left;
34.6;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run short and wide, pushed down to third man;
34.5;4;Junaid to Handscomb, FOUR runs 129 kph, rolls his fingers on this bouncer that goes across Handscomb. He goes for the hook and gets a top edge. No one is even disappointed anymore - it's a Handscomb top edge, so obviously it goes for four over the keeper;
34.4;1;Junaid to Smith, 1 run good length on off stump, walks across the stump, turns it into the leg side. It's too easy for him right now;
34.3;4;Junaid to Smith, FOUR runs full and moving away from off stump, shuffles slightly and leans into the drive and threads it between extra cover and mid-off;
34.2;?;Junaid to Smith, no run angled across the batsman, short of a length, he shuffles well across and pokes it point who has a shy at the non-strikers. No danger there;
34.1;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run short of a length on middle, deviates across him. He opens the face and runs it down to third man;
33.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run full on off stump, tries to drive it down to long-off. Imad gets across and throws it back at Smith, who has to duck quickly. He's not happy about that.;
33.5;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run floated onto the pads, turned away off the front foot to short fine, bit of a mix up but it's all safe in the end;
33.4;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs dropped short, cut behind point, sweeper comes across;
33.3;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs drifts down the leg side this time, and he sweeps it cleanly between square leg and short fine;
33.2;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run 79 kph, flighted on a good length at off stump, defended off the front foot;
33.1;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run 78 kph, flighted on a good length outside off, soft-handed down to short third man;
32.6;1;Malik to Handscomb, 1 run full outside the leg stump, makes room and drives through the covers;
32.5;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run back of a length on the pads, turned off the hips to the left of short fine leg;
32.4;4;Malik to Smith, FOUR runs clears his front leg, then brings it back in place, and still has enough time to wait for this full delivery on his pads and slog it past square leg;
32.3;1;Malik to Handscomb, 1 run good length on middle, steps down the track and pushes it to long-on;
32.2;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run drops it short and wide, chopped off the back foot to sweeper cover;
32.1;?;Malik to Smith, no run good length on the pads, flicked to square leg;
31.6;3;Imad Wasim to Smith, 3 runs drops it short outside off, cut away to short third man, and he misfields low to his right;
31.5;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run good length on off stump, coming into the batsman, inside edge on to pad and balloons up to where short leg would've been;
31.4;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run back of a length on the pads, glanced to square leg;
31.3;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run tossed up on middle stump, gives him the charge again and turns it into the leg side to bring up his fifty;
31.2;2;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 2 runs fired in on good length at middle stump, gives him the charge and flicks it to the left of deep midwicket;
31.1;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run floated in full on middle stump, driven down to long-on;
30.6;4;Malik to Handscomb, FOUR runs superb placement. Pushed across him on a good length, wide outside off, he gets down on one knee and drags it behind square with a sweep;
30.5;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run short on middle stump, goes back and tucks it to the right of midwicket and to the deep fielder;
30.4;1;Malik to Handscomb, 1 run follows him down the leg side again, this time it's fired in full, he clips it to deep midwicket;
30.3;1;Malik to Smith, 1 run floated wide outside off, bat turns in his hands as he drives it down to long-off;
30.2;3;Malik to Handscomb, 3 runs makes room, gets followed, but it is still short and he can slice this through backward point;
30.1;?;Malik to Handscomb, no run good length on middle stump, driven down firmly but he stops it from going to long-off;
29.6;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run spongy bounce this time, stops on Smith, who readjusts to defend instead of trying to work it leg side;
29.5;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs a misfield at square leg gives them two. More frustration for Pakistan. The 100-run stand is up;
29.4;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run chips down the track and whips it uppishly to deep midwicket;
29.3;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run turned with the angle to deep square leg;
29.3;1w;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 wide looks for that bullet paddle by going back deep into the crease and trying to generate power with the sweep, but it was fired down leg and he missed it by the time the bat came down;
29.2;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run plays for the turn but this keeps coming back in with the arm, defended back to the bowler;
29.1;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run in-drifter on middle, eased to long on as they jog the single;
28.6;3;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 3 runs goes for the hook this time, a real tester for deep midwicket this time. Malik does well to run around and pull it back in;
28.5;2;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 2 runs keeps low, but he goes through with the pull and pick the gap at deep midwicket;
28.4;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run gets across the stumps and works it wide of mid-on as they scamper a quick single;
28.3;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run wristy little whip from outside off towards mid-on;
28.2;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run arches back and steers it down to square third man;
28.1;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run half a shout for caught behind, but no noise, no deflection. He gets outside the line to help the short ball towards fine leg, and misses;
27.6;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and punches the full delivery to long-off, sensible.;
27.5;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run this one keeps a touch low but Smith brings his bat down straight as it roll off the bottom half to long on;
27.4;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run tossed up on leg stump, there's a hint of turn on this, Smith waits, waits and then blocks;
27.3;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run makes some room and punches an in-drifter to long on;
27.2;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run straighter one on off, eased to long-off. Half-century for the Australian captain. Another responsible knock;
27.1;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run too full on middle and leg, eased to long on;
26.6;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run thumped down the ground, Hasan times his jump well to get one hand on it and take the pace off, deflects to mid-off;
26.5;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run crashed into the gap at cover, the boundary rider comes into the picture to cut that off;
26.4;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run beaten by one that nips away and beats him on the drive. So far, Hasan was getting the ball to come back in. This is the first delivery he has got to go the other way.;
26.3;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and crunches it to point;
26.2;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run steered towards point, didn't have much room to work with;
26.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and bunts the full length delivery to the off side;
25.6;4;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, FOUR runs excellent timing. Steps out and then brings those wrists into play to hit it a lot squarer than he would otherwise do. This one pick the gap between deep square and deep midwicket;
25.5;?;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, no run good work by the bowler, who dives to his left to stop that;
25.4;?;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, no run big appeal. He's played all around that in-drifter from around the stumps, but was a long, long way down the pitch. Line was very good;
25.4;1w;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 wide slider that beats an attempted tickle, excellent take down the leg side by Rizwan;
25.3;?;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, no run bowler half-stops it on his follow through, mid-on comes in quickly to prevent a single;
25.2;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run punched towards long off, too easy at the moment. Percentage cricket;
25.1;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run steps out, the bowler sees him coming and fires it full on the pads, turned to deep square;
24.6;1;Hafeez to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and works it down to long on;
24.5;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run too easy, short on middle, punched to long on;
24.4;4;Hafeez to Smith, FOUR runs pick the gap at cover. Didn't over hit it. Just rocked back, made room and crashed it through the vacant spaces. Looked no more than two when he first hit it but it kept travelling;
24.3;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run walks around the crease to throw the bowler off, Hafeez darts this short on middle and leg, blocked;
24.2;1;Hafeez to Handscomb, 1 run steps out, gets to the pitch of the ball and turns it with the spin to Malik at long on;
24.1;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run too short, he rocks back comfortably and bunts it down to long on for a single;
23.6;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run more work for deep point as he comes in to stop that cut shot;
23.5;2;Imad Wasim to Smith, 2 runs rocks back and crunches this toward deep point, excellent work in the deep, big boundary, big throw;
23.4;?;Imad Wasim to Smith, no run slower through the air this time, some purchase off the surface, defended from the crease;
23.3;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run misfield by the bowler allows an easy single, should have stopped that straight push;
23.2;?;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, no run steps out, the bowler fires it full and flat outside off, stabbed with the bat close to the pad;
23.1;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run in-drifter on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for an easy single;
22.6;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run goes back into the crease and punches it past the bowler as they jog the single;
22.5;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run punched straight to square leg this time;
22.4;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run drifts away, Smith has to adjust, initially looking to work it to long on, plays it back to the bowler instead;
22.3;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run plays for the turn, the ball skids on to hit him on the thigh pad as he looks to whip that to deep square;
22.3;1w;Hafeez to Smith, 1 wide looks to play that fine bullet paddle, but can't get bat to it. Wide called, could have so easily been converted into a boundary;
22.2;1;Hafeez to Handscomb, 1 run uppish and just past Hafeez's outstretched hands on the follow-through, down to long on;
22.1;?;Hafeez to Handscomb, no run floated on middle, pushed back to the bowler;
21.6;2;Hasan Ali to Smith, 2 runs too short at 131 clicks, Smith pulls into the gap between deep square and deep midwicket;
21.5;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run slides this into the pads, good work from Imad Wasim to stop that flick by running to his left from square leg;
21.4;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run pulls but was off balance when the ball hurried onto him, gets it off the toe end of the bat toward deep square;
21.3;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run drops it gently into the off side with soft hands as they steal another run;
21.2;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run gets across the stumps and works it towards midwicket for a quick single;
21.1;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run back of length delivery outside off, left alone;
20.6;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run punched to long-on;
20.5;1;Hafeez to Handscomb, 1 run flicked with the angle to deep midwicket as they jog the single;
20.4;?;Hafeez to Handscomb, no run steps out and bunts it back to the bowler, Hafeez dives over the ball but mid-off comes in quickly to stop the run;
20.3;1;Hafeez to Smith, 1 run nurdled wide of square leg for an easy single;
20.2;6;Hafeez to Smith, SIX runs effortlessly launched over long-off. Steps out, get to the pitch and lofts him cleanly over the ropes. Opened the bat face deliberately to play it there. Super stuff;
20.1;1;Hafeez to Handscomb, 1 run steps out, takes it on the full and works it to deep midwicket;
19.6;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run superb stop by Shafiq at cover, that was crunched;
19.5;2;Hasan Ali to Smith, 2 runs whipped from outside off towards wide mid-on, they were chancing a risky second and managed to even make it. The fielder there was caught napping, the throw was poor too. Hasan Ali got an awkward bounce. Shouldn't have been two;
19.4;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run shoulders arms to a back of length delivery that nips back in from outside off;
19.3;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run goes back and across to defend that in-dipper on middle;
19.2;4;Hasan Ali to Smith, FOUR runs that is a delightful drive on the up. Deep point had plenty of work, but I don't think he would have got to the ball even if he was Usain Bolt. Just a super stroke, planting forward and crashing it through the line. Impeccable timing;
19.1;1lb;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 leg bye beaten for pace as he looks to turn it to square leg, the ball thuds into the thigh pad and they get a run off the deflection;
18.6;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run troubled by the drift, plays for the turn but this one goes away to take the leading edge, didn't lob to the fielder on the off side though;
18.5;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run gets outside the line of the stumps and defends;
18.4;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run hint of bounce this time, touch short on middle, Smith wrists it to the leg side;
18.3;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run pushed through quicker on middle and leg, turned to square leg;
18.2;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run flatter one outside off, this skids straight on, bunted back to the bowler;
18.1;?;Hafeez to Smith, no run tossed up on the pads, worked to midwicket;
17.6;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run gets a thick inside edge onto the pad as he shapes to slap that on the up through cover;
17.5;3;Hasan Ali to Smith, 3 runs that is a lovely, lovely shot. There's cover, there's point but Smith adjusts well to punch that into the gap between both of them. Square third man comes around to stop it;
17.4;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run stays inside the crease, covers the line of that short of length delivery and defends;
17.3;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run through the gate! The in-dipper this time. He shapes to play a drive on the up but the ball keeps a touch low and clips the pad on the way through to the keeper;
17.2;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run hint of width, he steers it using the bowler's pace down to third man;
17.1;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run gets a thick edge on that attempted square drive down to third man;
16.6;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run stays inside the crease and punches the flatter delivery to long off;
16.6;1w;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 wide;
16.5;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run floats this down leg, Smith goes back into the crease to paddle it fine and misses;
16.4;1;Imad Wasim to Smith, 1 run drifts back into middle from around the stumps, punched back to the bowler, who misfields to give away a single that shouldn't have been;
16.3;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs those powerful wrists to the fore this time. Steps out, doesn't quite get to the pitch but fetches the whip from middle and picks the gap at midwicket. Delightful;
16.2;4;Imad Wasim to Smith, FOUR runs pick the gap. Just a hint of width, he rocked back and then opened the bat face late to craft that cut shot behind point. Super timing, played it really late.;
16.1;1;Imad Wasim to Handscomb, 1 run steps out and eases it with the spin to wide long-off;
15.6;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run excellent length, causing some confusion in Smith's mind. Bowls this full outside off, there's some inward movement. Smith lets it go;
15.5;?;Hasan Ali to Smith, no run gets this to shape back in from wide of the crease, Smith squeezes it back to the bowler;
15.4;1;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, 1 run floats this full and outside off, he opens the bat face to steer it down to third man;
15.3;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run width, but this time he's cut that straight to point.;
15.2;?;Hasan Ali to Handscomb, no run shapes to cut, but there isn't much room. Chops it to second slip;
15.1;1;Hasan Ali to Smith, 1 run gets on top of the bounce and bunts one down to square third man.;
14.6;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run back of a length on middle, pushed to mid-off;
14.5;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run dropped! Short and wide, sits up nicely, slaps it hard and straight to point at waist height. He has completely missed it. Mohammad Nawaz manages to get only a finger on it;
14.4;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run good length on middle, he's rooted to the crease as he defends that;
14.3;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run edged, and falls short. Good length on off and he continues to be shaky in that channel. Soft hands this time and no danger;
14.2;2;Junaid to Handscomb, 2 runs good shot. Back of a length on off stump, goes back, gets in good shape and times it nicely past mid-off;
14.1;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run good length on off stump, fended into the off side. Three slips and a gully for Handscomb here.;
13.6;?;Amir to Smith, no run full outside off, walks across and plays an on-drive, straight to Hafeez;
13.5;?;Amir to Smith, no run back of a length outside off, angled away from him, shuffled across, gets behind the line and defends it;
13.4;?;Amir to Smith, no run back of a length on middle, defended off the back foot;
13.3;1;Amir to Handscomb, 1 run good length on the pads, goes back and turns it down to fine leg;
13.2;2;Amir to Handscomb, 2 runs good length, angled across him from off stump, goes back and uses soft hands. Thick edge between gully and point, and third man has to clean up;
13.1;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run back of a length, swinging back in from outside off, goes for the cut and misses;
12.6;?;Junaid to Smith, no run full outside off, leaves it alone on the angle this time;
12.5;?;Junaid to Smith, no run loud appeal for caught behind Not out and not reviewed. Full and wide, he shuffles across and tries to thump it through cover and snicko shows he might have edged that!;
12.4;1;Junaid to Handscomb, 1 run in the air - and safe. Pushed full across off stump, tries a big drive again, no feet, slices uppishly to third man;
12.3;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run full outside off, and he's using the Smith technique now. Walks across his stumps and defends;
12.2;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run full on off stump, defended nervously;
12.1;1;Junaid to Smith, 1 run back of a length across off stump, shuffles across and pushes it to midwicket;
11.6;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run good length outside off, slight movement back in, lets it go;
11.5;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run beats the outside edge. Full and pushed across him, he goes for the cover drive and misses it. Bat slightly straighter than his previous shot and he's beaten instead of a nick this time;
11.4;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run short and wide, left alone;
11.3;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run back of a length, middle stump, defended off the back foot. Slight shape in;
11.2;1;Amir to Smith, 1 run good length on middle stump, pushes forward and tries to defend, gets an inside edge that would've absolutely flattened leg gully, but fine leg is the only fielder who can get to it;
11.1;?;Amir to Smith, no run full outside off, no swing back in, he shoulders arms;
10.6;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run angled across on a length, left alone;
10.5;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run 138 kph, angled across him on a length, left alone;
10.4;?;Junaid to Handscomb, no run back of a length, angled across, punched off the back foot and Malik puts in a dive at mid-off;
10.3;4;Junaid to Handscomb, 4 runs wow! Gets a bouncer, slaps it high into the sky, it comes down and plonks into the outfield, rolls for two yards, and stops short of the boundary. They run four. First runs in ODIs, should've been out for zero;
10.3;1nb;Junaid to Handscomb, (no ball) caught! But it's a huge no-ball! Full and pushed across the stumps, Handscomb swipes at it and edges it to second slip. It's the fortune he's had all summer - gets a free hit now;
10.2;1;Junaid to Smith, 1 run good length, angled well across the batsman, but he shuffles across and pushes to the right of mid-on;
10.1;?;Junaid to Smith, no run full outside off, walks across, shows all his stumps and defends it;
9.6;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run angled across the batsman on a length, left alone;
9.5;?;Amir to Handscomb, no run good length, angled across the off stump, left alone;
9.4;W;Amir to Khawaja, OUT good length outside off, doesn't swing away as much as he expects and catches the inside edge as he swipes away from his body;Usman Khawaja c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Mohammad Amir 9 (41m 20b 2x4 0x6) SR: 45;
9.3;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run good length, bending away from off stump, left alone;
9.3;1w;Amir to Khawaja, 1 wide angled down leg side on a good length;
9.2;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run superb from Amir! Good length, starts on middle and off, swings away and past the outside edge, and there seems to be a sound as it flies to the keeper. They appeal loudly, it's turned down. No review. Snicko shows a sound, but it is after the ball passes the bat;
9.1;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run full outside off, marginal movement away, gets his eyes on top of this and drives it nicely to covers;
8.6;W;Junaid to Warner, OUT Outside edge, gone! good length outside off, he pokes at it with no feet and tickles it behind for a simple catch. Junaid rewarded for maintaining his line;David Warner c ?Mohammad Rizwan b Junaid Khan 35 (36m 38b 5x4 0x6) SR: 92.1;
8.5;?;Junaid to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, pushed to mid-on off the back foot;
8.4;?;Junaid to Warner, no run slower ball, full on off stump, pushed to covers;
8.3;?;Junaid to Warner, no run and, of course, when Junaid offers him a short ball, he lets it go.;
8.2;2;Junaid to Warner, 2 runs TOP EDGE, CLEARS MID-OFF Another ugly swipe at an off stump ball, this time it's a top edge and goes well over mid-off;
8.1;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs back of a length on middle stump, leans back and plays an ugly swat across the line. Gets an inside age and it just keeps running away from Imad Wasim and into the square leg boundary;
7.6;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run good length in the corridor, shaping away, thick outside edge to third man;
7.5;?;Amir to Warner, no run 142 kph, and this time he brings it back in and beats the inside edge! Good length on off stump, no movement in the air but completely beats him off the pitch. He was playing for the one going away;
7.4;1;Amir to Khawaja, 1 run full on the pads, clipped uppishly to fine leg;
7.3;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run good length on off stump, swings away slightly, squares him up but he drops it into the off side with soft hands;
7.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run full and swinging towards middle stump from the pads, but he gets to the pitch and pushes it to mid-on;
7.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length, slight movement across, defended off the back foot comfortably;
6.6;4;Junaid to Khawaja, FOUR runs full on off stump, punched back past the bowler off the front foot;
6.5;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run CLOSE! Warner just makes his ground after Khawaja pushes a good length ball to mid-on and sends Warner back after taking off. Poor running from him. Malik dives and recovers quickly. Shies at the stumps and would've been out with a direct hit. But he misses.;
6.4;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run good length on off, tries to turn it away to fine leg off the back foot as it nips back, catches him on the flaps, loud appeal but that's never going to hit the stumps on this pitch;
6.3;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run good length outside off, driven on the up, straight to cover;
6.2;1;Junaid to Warner, 1 run good length, drifting into the pads, turned down to fine leg;
6.1;?;Junaid to Warner, no run back of a length on middle, pushed to midwicket. Junaid is bowling a tad too short as well.;
5.6;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run good length outside off, too wide, and left alone;
5.5;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run good length in the corridor and swinging away, he leaves it again;
5.4;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run full and swinging away outside off, left well alone;
5.3;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run good length on middle, swinging away and would have hit the top of off, but Warner has stayed back, played late and pushed it to mid-off to get off strike. Good batting.;
5.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run Lovely. LOVELY. He's finally decided go full. Late swing away from off stump. Warner is nervous this time and just pokes at it. Beaten again.;
5.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run FINALLY. A repeat of his first ball. Gets it nice and full, late outswing from off stump and beats his drive. Is that you, Wasim Akram?;
4.6;?;Junaid to Khawaja, no run back of a length on off stump, gets across and tries to pull it behind square, takes it in the mid-riff. Ouch.;
4.5;3;Junaid to Warner, 3 runs back of a length on middle, stands up tall and pulls it the right of midwicket, hasn't timed it but it's Malik giving chase and they push him to get three;
4.4;?;Junaid to Warner, no run slower ball outside off, good length, he's into his shot early and has to check it;
4.3;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs slightly fuller outside off, crunched on the up through the covers;
4.2;4;Junaid to Warner, FOUR runs Oh boy. What a shot that is. Good length and angled into him again, and this time his trust of the bounce pays off. He whips it off the back foot over midwicket;
4.1;?;Junaid to Warner, no run good length angled into the pads, Warner continues to stay back to that length. Tries to hoick it over square leg but gets caught in front of the stumps. Big appeal, but there might've been an inside edge;
3.6;?;Amir to Khawaja, no run back of a length outside off, slight swing away, left well alone;
3.5;1;Amir to Warner, 1 run good length on off stump, trusts the bounce again and goes back, but it's lower this time and his attempted slice gets the inside edge and bounces away towards the leg umpire;
3.4;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length on off stump, but sits up like it should in Perth. Pushed to cover off the back foot;
3.3;?;Amir to Warner, no run back of a length outside off, waits for it and punches it to cover;
3.2;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs back of a length on middle, pushed behind square and brilliant running;
3.1;4;Amir to Warner, FOUR runs back of a good length, slightly moving away, lot of width, shimmies a little and throws his hands to slap in front of sqaure;
2.6;?;Hafeez to Khawaja, no run back of a length on middle, defended off the back foot. No turn whatsoever.;
2.5;?;Hafeez to Khawaja, no run full on off stump, driven to mid-off;
2.4;?;Hafeez to Khawaja, no run fired in flat at middle stump, goes back and just gets bat on a cut shot he shouldn't have played;
2.3;4;Hafeez to Khawaja, FOUR runs drifted in towards leg stump on a good length, gives him the charge and clips it over midwicket. Graceful.;
2.2;?;Hafeez to Khawaja, no run APPEAL! Drifted into the pad, lazy push as it, gets it off the pad and it bobs up for Sharjeel at short leg. Not out.;
2.1;?;Hafeez to Khawaja, no run back of a length on off, pushed to cover;
1.6;?;Amir to Warner, no run back of a length, angled into the pads, pushed to midwicket;
1.5;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length angled into the pads, pushed to square leg. He hasn't bowled a single full one on off after that beauty first ball;
1.4;?;Amir to Warner, no run full on the pads, flicked to Imad Wasim at midwicket;
1.3;2;Amir to Warner, 2 runs good length on the pads, gets on his toes and whips it behind square;
1.2;?;Amir to Warner, no run good length on off stump, doesn't shape away as much, defended off the back foot;
1.1;?;Amir to Warner, no run OOOH! Swings it away from outside off on a good length, draws Warner out, no feet, only hands. Swings past the outside edge;
0.6;1;Hafeez to Warner, 1 run flighted on middle stump, driven down to long-on;
0.5;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run angled in short at middle, tries to back away and cut it again, gets an outside edge again, but this time it drops into the ground by the keeper's leg and is stopped by slip;
0.4;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run pushed flat on middle stump at good length, driven to cover;
0.3;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run good length, flighted on middle stump, forward defence. No turn.;
0.2;4;Hafeez to Warner, FOUR runs angled in, short of a length on middle, climbs on him a little but he plays it late and gets a thick outside edge past slip;
0.1;?;Hafeez to Warner, no run short on middle, backs away and punches it to point;

Okay the batsmen are out and this is interesting. Sharjeel has brought out the helmet and is at short leg. Hafeez is opening the bowling.
JanJua: "Dear Varun, Time is up. Lets start." If only I had that kind of power.
3:30pm Just a couple of minutes away from the chase. 263 is well short of what Pakistan would've wanted and well in line with my careful send-off in the last innings: you just have to expect the worst from Pakistan sometimes, even if they've brought out their best for two hours. Nevertheless, 263 is challenging and Australia's middle order hasn't looked too assured in this series. That might change with Handscomb providing solidity at No. 4 - but why look that far? Warner, as always, holds the key.
Welcome back, folks.
 Innings Start
Pakistan
Australia
3rd ODI (D/N), Perth, Jan 19 2017, Pakistan tour of Australia
263/7
265/3
Player of the match is Steven Smith, AUS
Australia won by 7 wickets (with 30 balls remaining)
