Data
2.03pm Well, that was a tale of two halves. Australia had visions of 340 at one stage, but Mark Wood's extraction of Steven Smith was a game-changer, before Adil Rashid got stuck into a lower-middle-order that has been confined to the nets for most of a very soggy tour. Eight wickets between them and great support from the rest. England will need 278 to eliminate their oldest rivals, and carry Bangladesh with them into the semi-finals.
Bharath Seervi, our stats guru, says: "Despite some boundaries at the end from Travis Head, the 57 runs that came in the last 10 overs are the least for any side in this tournament."
"We're quite satisfied," says Mark Wood, which is telling. England probably believe they should have killed it off quicker after taking the innings by the throat, but a few sloppy moments in the field undermined their charge. "It's true bounce, but a little bit slow in the middle of the pitch," he adds. We shall see.
Alan will be here for the chase in about 30 minutes. See you then.
49.6;2;Stokes to Head, 2 runs hacked into the leg side, and that's some ropey fielding at midwicket to allow them to get back for two. Well played Travis Head, his defiant biffing has given Australia a toe-hold in a must-win game.;
49.5;?;Stokes to Head, no run width, and cracked down the ground, straight to long off. Good contact, but too straight;
49.4;?;Stokes to Head, no run a baseball biff back through the line of the ball. Stokes sticks out a hand to limit the damage;
49.3;4;Stokes to Head, FOUR runs edged, and safe! Invaluable runs for Australia, to keep their tournament hopes alive;
49.2;?;Stokes to Head, no run better length, a spiralling top-edge to cover, now, who wants this? It's Plunkett ... but it's dropped! He was late to react, and never quite reached it;
49.1;6;Stokes to Head, SIX runs spanked over midwicket! That's brilliant from Head, the best contact of the night, absolutely whistles over the fielder. Not the right line from Stokes though, feeding his strengths;
48.6;1;Ball to Head, 1 run tucks the single to leg, to keep the strike. One massive six, but just seven from the over;
48.5;?;Ball to Head, no run ha, a comically slow slower-ball! Head was walking down the pitch, but the bouncer barely reached him as he flailed to make contact;
48.4;?;Ball to Head, no run punched down to long-off. Declines the single with two still to come;
48.3;6;Ball to Head, SIX runs short, forcing Head to take on the long boundary, and this time, he does so to mighty effect! Stokes thought he was in business, into the wind, but just too much power!;
48.2;?;Ball to Head, no run hacked in the air, can Wood reach it at third man? No, not quite!;
48.1;?;Ball to Head, no run great line and length, another valiant thrash, but the ball hops over the stroke and the stumps;
37.6;1;Ali to Head, 1 run back and across, cracked on the up out to deep cover;
37.5;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run looking to work into the leg side again;
37.4;4;Ali to Maxwell, FOUR runs powered through the ring this time. Simple and effective;
37.3;?;Ali to Maxwell, no run reverse sweep, under-edged into the crease.;
37.2;1;Ali to Head, 1 run worked off the hip;
37.1;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run crashed through the covers with power and intent, but that's a stunning piece of fielding, pouncing on a scurrying ball with the grace and accuracy of a housecat;
36.6;1;Ball to Maxwell, 1 run on the pads, worked into the leg side. England controlling the tempo well for now;
36.5;?;Ball to Maxwell, no run looking for power over placement. Loses his shape in the progress;
36.4;1;Ball to Head, 1 run on the pads, flipped through square leg;
36.3;?;Ball to Head, no run deflected into the leg side, working with the round-the-wicket angle;
36.2;2;Ball to Head, 2 runs round the wicket, just a notch too short, and firmly spanked out to wide long-on;
36.1;1lb;Ball to Maxwell, 1 leg bye good delivery, nibbling off the seam and tucking up the right-hander. A deflection into the off side;
47.6;1;Stokes to Head, 1 run more circumspect this time, takes the single, keeps the strike;
47.5;?;Stokes to Head, no run yee-har! Down on one knee in the sort of impetuous will-you-marry-me pose last seen in Elvis's Chapel in Vegas. The answer's no, as it happens;
47.4;1;Stokes to Hazlewood, 1 run outside off, and cut through point;
47.3;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run round the wicket, angling into the left-hander. Punched to cover;
47.2;?;Stokes to Hazlewood, no run forward and punched to cover;
47.1;1;Stokes to Head, 1 run down the track, a bit of a dirty hack across the line, looking for midwicket, but finding cover with a mistimed splat-shot;
47.1;1w;Stokes to Head, 1 wide round the wicket, Head sensibly lets this go and the umpire stretches his arms;
46.6;?;Wood to Hazlewood, no run pushed back onto the crease, blocked down into leg side;
46.5;?;Wood to Hazlewood, no run full length, oohs and aahs ring out as Australia's No.11 survives;
46.4;W;Wood to Zampa, OUT full toss, and bowled! Zampa didn't fancy staying in line one little bit, gave himself room, and was in no position to protect his timbers as Wood splattered his off pole!;Adam Zampa b Wood 0 (4m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
46.3;?;Wood to Zampa, no run onto the front foot, can't get that away;
46.2;?;Wood to Zampa, no run forward and crunched to mid-off;
46.1;1;Wood to Head, 1 run banged in short, a calm pull through backward square to bring up a battling fifty from Head. He needs to be there for the full 50 now;
35.6;1;Ali to Maxwell, 1 run a slow-turning offbreak, read off the pitch, and slapped into the covers;
35.5;1;Ali to Head, 1 run flicked off the toes, just another single to deep midwicket. England have drawn the sting for the moment;
35.4;?;Ali to Head, no run lots of oohs as this one is dabbed out to point;
35.3;?;Ali to Head, no run right on the money;
35.2;?;Ali to Head, no run looking to be aggressive, firmly struck right under the eyeline;
35.1;1lb;Ali to Maxwell, 1 leg bye looped up and deflects away;
34.6;4;Wood to Head, FOUR runs edged, and so close! Turned inside-out by a genuine wicket-taking ripper, climbing into the splice and bursting out of the reach of Root at first slip. A near-replica of the Warner wicket-ball;
34.5;1;Wood to Maxwell, 1 run off the mark with his ninth delivery, finds the gap in the covers with a compact drive;
34.4;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run full and tight, punched to mid-off;
34.3;1;Wood to Head, 1 run full length, angling into the left-hander, cramped for room and shovelled into the off side;
34.2;?;Wood to Head, no run fended away;
34.1;?;Wood to Head, no run round the wicket, banged into the deck, flashed into the off side;
45.6;W;Rashid to Cummins, OUT too easy for Rashid, who finishes his spell with a four-for! A lollipop push straight back to the bowler, neither forward nor back, and utterly unsure of which direction that would spin. England are rampant!;Pat Cummins c & b Rashid 4 (8m 7b 0x4 0x6) SR: 57.14;
45.5;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run oh, well bowled. Drops the pace right down, the ball dips late and spins sharply past a loose wafty drive;
45.4;?;Rashid to Cummins, no run steered straight to short cover. Australia finding it tough to get any momentum;
45.3;2;Rashid to Cummins, 2 runs on the pads, and swept fine. Good quick running;
45.2;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run a touch more width as Rashid drags it short, but Head settles for a single with a cut to point;
45.1;1;Rashid to Cummins, 1 run forward and nudged into the leg side;
44.6;1;Wood to Cummins, 1 run good pace, good length, nothing for Australia to work with at all;
44.5;1;Wood to Head, 1 run on the hip, flipped into the leg-side;
44.4;?;Wood to Head, no run full length, almost a low full toss, toe-ended back to the bowler in his followthrough;
44.3;?;Wood to Head, no run tries to climb into a leg-side hoick but Wood is too sharp for him;
44.2;1lb;Wood to Cummins, 1 leg bye a slip in place as Wood hammers out a threatening length, but deflected away,;
44.1;1;Wood to Head, 1 run a lot resting on Head now as he nudges another single;
43.6;W;Rashid to Starc, OUT that's terrible! An attempted googly, comes out as a leg-stump full toss, Starc slaps across the line as if substituting his bat for a damp tuna-fish, and up loops another facile catch, this time for Root behind the stumps!;Mitchell Starc c Root b Rashid 0 (2m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
43.5;?;Rashid to Starc, no run lovely line and length, every ball a hand-grenade;
43.4;?;Rashid to Starc, no run looped up, and driven to short cover;
43.3;W;Rashid to Wade, OUT googly! Wades reads it about as well as I can read Hindi. Three fielders converge but Rashid calls for his own catch as the ball loops straight up in the air, and England are really taking control in the slog-overs now;Matthew Wade c & b Rashid 2 (5m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 66.66;
43.2;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run outside the off stump, punched on the up to cover;
43.1;2;Rashid to Head, 2 runs poked into the off side, a touch airborne;
42.6;2;Wood to Wade, 2 runs worked off the pads, swiftly back for two as the sweeper hurtles in. Another mightily effective over from Wood;
42.5;?;Wood to Wade, no run tight line to the left-hander, dabbed to the off side;
42.4;1;Wood to Head, 1 run on the toes, tucked to leg;
42.3;W;Wood to Maxwell, OUT caught in the deep! Brilliant from Roy! Short ball from Wood, hit hard and flat, it's six all the way, but round swoops Roy, plucking the ball above his head, foot a millimetre from the line, then in that now-typical-but-still-awesome manner, tosses the ball up as his momentum takes him over, then gathering when back in play. Stunning. The umpires are checking, but this looks clean... Roy certainly thought so, and so does the third umpire!;Glenn Maxwell c Roy b Wood 20 (44m 31b 2x4 0x6) SR: 64.51;
42.2;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run outside off, beats a loose waft;
42.1;?;Wood to Maxwell, no run dropped! So nearly Wood striking twice with the first ball of the spell ... and a run-out chance too, but he's safely home at the non-striker's end. Flogged fiercely to cover, and down it goes!;
41.6;2;Rashid to Head, 2 runs cut out to deep point;
41.5;1;Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run flogged into the off side;
41.4;1;Rashid to Head, 1 run keeps a touch low outside off, as Head has a swing across the line for another single to midwicket;
41.3;2;Rashid to Head, 2 runs on the toes, square leg cuts it off;
41.2;?;Rashid to Head, no run well bowled, looped up and twisting off the pitch past a flat-footed waft;
41.1;2;Rashid to Head, 2 runs a loose full toss, spanked through Morgans hands in the covers. That was travelling, but he took the sting off it;
40.6;1;Ball to Head, 1 run flipped to leg, more good connection but only to the midwicket sweeper;
40.5;?;Ball to Head, no run good riposte, comes over the wicket for a change of angle, aims straight, offering no room to free the arms;
40.4;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs a tennis-smash, and it's two in two! Flashed in front of square as Ball drops short. Well played;
40.3;4;Ball to Head, FOUR runs tucked up on the legs, but that's more like it for Australia. Lightning hands through the ball, despite being cramped for room, and square leg can't intercept;
40.2;1;Ball to Maxwell, 1 run Maxwell is signalling his frustration as another ball goes by without any rope-clearing;
40.1;1lb;Ball to Head, 1 leg bye flicked away;

A bit of pressure now for Ball
 Innings Start
6.45pm: Right, seems like we're not going to get the presentations today. The rain came down but, by then, England had pretty much mopped the floor with Australia anyway - which was all the more impressive having been 35 for 3. They march into the semi-finals with a third straight win and will be in confident mood ahead of facing whoever comes second in Group B. Daniel Brettig's report will be in the slot shortly and we'll have plenty more to come on the site from George Dobell, Jarrod Kimber and Mel Farrell at the ground - possibly from Mohammad Isam in Dhaka, too. Anyway, thanks for all your comments and company, as ever. England have just equalised against Scotland in the football and I'm off to calculate NRR permutations for Ind-SA and Pak-SL. From Miller and myself, it's over and out. Bye!
6.35pm: Match abandoned, England win by 40 runs on DLS, it's all over at Edgbaston - which means Bangladesh are in last four! Break out the, er, soda water in downtown Dhanmondi, the Tigers have roared past Australia into the semi-finals.
"Welcome everyone to Bangladesh to join the today's celebration," chirrups Asib Auvi. "Ohh another thing while coming pls bring enough preparation. You might need to stay till final celebration. "
Omar is enjoying himself: "YESSSSSSSSSSSSS ... WOOHOOOOO.... can you hear us ROAR from Bangladesh over there??? We are ROARING!!!"
The plaudits keep coming: "Bangladesh is also rank quite high on density of population," notes Viranchi.
"Why are 90% of comments about Bangladesh? This win is a very big deal for England, and an exceptional performance all round!!" Well, Jez, crushing England victories are so de rigueur nowadays. But you're right, they have made another big statement about their white-ball capabilities...
"So the last time Australia won a game in CT was way back in 2009." That is spot on, Nilesh, as they were knocked out with only one point, from a washout, in 2013.
6.25pm: This match between two old rivals looks to be fizzling out - but there's another stramash with a bit of history currently going on at Hampden Park. You can follow Scotland v England (and the other World Cup qualifiers) over at ESPNFC.
"To understand the passion of Bangladeshi fans for cricket, you need to know that Cricket is the only thing except for corruption we are in top 10 in the world." Actually, Sid, I think you'll find Bangladesh is not even in the top (bottom?) 30 for that any more...
"The bashing about Aussies is unfair, they didn't have a full game in the tournament. If rain wasn't a problem, Aussies, NZ and Bangladesh all would have ended up with 2 points," points out chotu. True, but even that's worthy of a little Aussie-ribbing, no? They're ranked No. 2 in the world
6.15pm: It looks filthy around Edgbaston right now, rain gusting through and the stands rapidly emptying. Some fairly heavy rain was expected this evening and I suspect we might not get back on... "So Alan, we can start invading streets in an hour?" Possibly even sooner, Abir Utsha. Given it's 3am in Melbourne, I won't try and string our Aussie readership along.
"As a Bangladeshi I'm obviously ecstatic that they are going through to the semifinals," cheers Tahmid. "But I think it also bodes well for cricket in general as it keeps things fresh and unpredictable! We need more Leicester type moments in cricket too!!" I'm not sure Bangladesh were 5000-1 to get to the Champions Trophy semis... but I take your point. Hathurusingha the BD Tinkerman?
Imtiaz: "What happens if a semi final is washed out due to rain? How will the winner be decided?" Whoever comes first in the group. So England and (most likely) the winner of India-SA
6.05pm: We have around half an hour until they start losing overs, I'm told. And the official cut-off time to get back on and finish is 7.14pm.
"FWI, Here in Winnipeg, Canada, we're also cheering for Bangladesh," says Elise. "No street parties though, it's raining here also." Magnificent
"What is happening in F1 qualifying in Canadian Grand Prix?" Why don't you go and find out, Arijit Upadhyay? But do come back
"If it's called off early, I hear there's a great bar called 'Walkabout' where both sides could go for a friendly drink and a laugh together," snickers Jamie Dow, possibly while wearing a silly wig as a beard
6pm: The ground is once again swaddled in tarps, rain whizzing down and greasing Bangladesh's path into the last four. George says "someone at the ICC has been timing how long it takes to get the covers on - 37 seconds here". They've certainly had the practice.
"Alan, I think you are making too much fun about Bangladeshi supporters and their passion about cricket," murmurs Mahmud. "Publishing too many negative comments about them indicates it as well." We have utmost respect for Bangladesh fans and their love for cricket... All reports of street-invading, flag-waving celebrations will be treated seriously
And now the rain returns and the players are going off... What an anti-climax. England are currently 40 runs ahead of the DLS par score of 200 for 4 and Australia's soggy stay at the Champions Trophy looks about to end, one way or another.
40.2;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run pushed through on the stumps and tucked to leg;
40.1;4;Zampa to Stokes, FOUR runs slammed in front of deep cover, that's his hundred! Magnificent stuff from Stokes, though this was a straightforward dispatch of a long-hop through the covers... Off comes the helmet, up go the crowd, England are powering to their target;
39.6;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run on the pads, worked to the leg side;
39.5;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run solid block, covering the stumps with a big stride;
39.4;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run advances and smears into the off side;
39.3;1;Hazlewood to Buttler, 1 run dabbed to third man;
39.2;?;Hazlewood to Buttler, no run tight line, defended to the leg side;
39.1;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run hauled into the leg side;
38.6;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run thumped back to the bowler. Australia are helpless bystanders in their own demise;
38.5;6;Zampa to Buttler, SIX runs dispatched. Picked the line, picked the length. In the arc, and battered high and hard over long-on!;
38.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run back of a length, carved to point;
38.3;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run solid block back to the bowler;
38.2;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run down the track, fetched into the leg side, nearly done in the flight as the ball dipped late, but made good contact in the end;
38.1;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run on the pads, tucked behind square;
37.6;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run up on the toes, defended to point;
37.5;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run on the pads, nurdled to the midwicket sweeper;
37.4;1;Cummins to Buttler, 1 run tapped past point. Another cheer in the stands, though that may a Mexican Wave. The crowd are making their own entertainment as England just chip away;
37.3;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run a whistling bouncer, Buttler dips out of a pull. Gets away with the wide on height;
37.2;?;Cummins to Buttler, no run short, pulled, but Buttler plays an air shot as the ball hops through to the keeper;
37.1;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run pulled from back of a length, out through square leg;
36.6;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run into line, defended;
36.5;4;Zampa to Buttler, FOUR runs could this be the breakthrough? A loose slap down the ground, but no! It bounces short of the fielder, clatters off his shins, and away to the rope. Oh misery...;
36.4;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run open-faced push down the ground to long-on;
36.3;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run a touch slower, a touch wider;
36.2;4;Zampa to Stokes, FOUR runs long hop. Stokes dances at the crease, waits for the ball to pitch and spin, then flogs it hard through the covers to move into the nineties;
36.1;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run pushed into the off side;
35.6;?;Starc to Buttler, no run pushed to mid-off, Starc's day is done, and with him goes one of Australia's most potent wicket-taking threats. Where now for Smith?;
35.5;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run another stab into the off side, another single;
35.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run pushed on the up, to mid-on;
35.3;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run another stolen single into the covers;
35.2;?;Starc to Buttler, no run stabbed to point, a huge ironic cheer echoes out as Maxwell fields more successfully this time;
35.1;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs back of a length, cut loosely to point and dropped by Maxwell! He lost sight of it as it burst out of the crowd, and goes clean through him as well! Oh dear;
34.6;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run behind the line once more;
34.5;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run on the back foot, punched on the up into the leg side;
34.4;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run blocked into the covers. A productive area with the field set deep. Australia dying a death by a thousand cuts here.;
34.3;2;Zampa to Buttler, 2 runs worked into the covers once more, a ripple of applause for another pair of runs milked;
34.2;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run stands tall in defence, and that's a well-taken single, the ball just bobbling into the off side. Buttler was actually slow setting off, but Stokes' judgment was correct;
34.1;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run works the single once again, Australia can't have fielders everywhere;
33.6;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run another nudge into the covers;
33.5;?;Starc to Buttler, no run firmly into line, good attacking delivery, probing the stumps from round the wicket;
33.4;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run squeezed into the leg side, another cheer goes up for the single. Edgbaston is enjoying itself today;
33.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run into line to defend;
33.2;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run angled into the right-hander from round the wicket, Buttler waits til the ball is under his eyeline, then dabs a single to cover;
33.1;4;Starc to Buttler, FOUR runs round the wicket from Starc, but that's right in Buttler's arc, laced along the turf through the covers, bottom-handed to oblivion;
32.6;1;Zampa to Buttler, 1 run down on one knee, swept calmly for the single;
32.5;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run tight line and length;
32.4;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run on the back foot, punching out to cover;
32.3;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run worked to leg;
32.2;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run forward and pushed to cover;
32.1;?;Zampa to Buttler, no run solidly onto the front foot, blocked back down the pitch;
31.6;1;Starc to Buttler, 1 run full toss to greet the new batsman. Worked down to third man;
31.5;W;Starc to Stokes, OUT there's the disruption! A chip in the air from Stokes, inches short of midwicket. Morgan is ball-watching as Stokes hurtles for a single, and that's an immense direct hit shy from Zampa with the skipper stranded!;Eoin Morgan run out (Zampa) 87 (121m 81b 8x4 5x6) SR: 107.4;
31.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run into line to defend. No rush here for England. Utter control now. Can Australia disrupt them somehow?;
31.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run tight line and length, blocked back down the pitch;
31.2;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run nudged into the leg side. Easy pickings;
31.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run forward and wafted into the leg side;
30.6;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run fuller length, attacking the stumps. Worked to point to complete the over;
30.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run pushed a touch wider, and a rare play-and-miss;
30.4;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run dabbed to the off side;
30.3;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run worked to leg;
30.2;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run on the pads, worked to leg;
30.1;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs wow, timing to the fore. Clearing the front leg, swinging the bat through the line, the ball streaks through cover;
29.6;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run very full once again, chiselled into the leg side. No joy for Australia. Plenty, it would seem, for Bangladesh ...;
29.5;?;Starc to Stokes, no run;
29.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run very full length, tapped into the off side;
29.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run tight line and length;
29.2;2;Starc to Stokes, 2 runs up comes the 150 partnership with another cherry-picked pair of runs;
29.1;?;Starc to Stokes, no run forward and blocked down the track;
28.6;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run behind the line this time;
28.5;6;Hazlewood to Morgan, SIX runs huge. Simply huge. A round-house bottom-handed dump-truck of a shot, down the track, into the stands!;
28.4;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run on the pads, a deft clip to deep midwicket.;
28.3;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run murderous intent as Stokes advances and batters a drive into the covers, where a fine diving stop limits the damage;
28.2;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run stands tall in defence, poked to the off side;
28.1;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run pushed down the ground;
27.6;2;Cummins to Morgan, 2 runs crashed through the off side once again. The sweeper cleans up, but Australia's prospects continue to ebb away;
27.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run down the track to defend into the covers;
27.4;4;Cummins to Morgan, FOUR runs short, wide, cut. Clean through point. Golly, he's timed that shot well today;
27.3;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run bouncer, and Morgan has a hoick, but can't get close to it;
27.2;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run high-elbowed push back down the line of the ball. An urgent single;
27.1;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run good wheels from Cummins, that's through Stokes before he can lay bat on ball, at 91mph;
26.6;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run on the hip, worked to deep midwicket for another single, as England wisely decide to show respect to Australia's wicket threats;
26.5;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run back of a length, chiselled into the leg side;
26.4;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run onto the front foot once more, steering the ball back down the pitch;
26.3;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run forward to defend;
26.2;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run on to the front foot;
26.1;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run full length, an outside-edged push to point;
25.6;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run wider of the stumps, flashed in the air, down to third man;
25.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run another down-on-one-knee drill into the covers;
25.4;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run fuller length, a circumspect push through the line;
25.3;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run down on one knee, flashy drive into the covers;
25.2;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs that is stunning timing! A nothing flick from back of a length, into the leg-side to a decent delivery, but that just seems to pick up speed as it gallops through wide long-on;
25.1;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run smashed through point, Morgan gauging the change-up in pace from the outset;
24.6;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run looped up, calm response from Morgan, who steps forward to milk the single to long-on. Australia can't attack, and can't defend in their current mindset. They simply have to get a wicket soon;
24.5;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run wafted down to long-on to rotate the strike again;
24.4;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run back on a better length;
24.3;6;Zampa to Stokes, SIX runs hammered hard through long-on! 'Catch catch!' is the cry, but my God that's got some power on it. Scuds flat over Warner's head and into the stands!;
24.2;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run on the hip, one more single to backward square;
24.2;1w;Zampa to Morgan, 1 wide sliding down the leg side;
24.1;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run nudged down to long-on;
23.6;6;Maxwell to Morgan, SIX runs absolutely pounded once again, high over wide long-on. Australia's part-time spin approach is playing into England's hands, and wrists, and flailing bats at the moment;
23.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run cut to point;
23.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run on the pads, tucked to leg;
23.3;1;Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run forward and pushed to mid-off;
23.2;?;Maxwell to Stokes, no run short, Stokes rocks back but doesn't connect properly. Driver error might be Australia's best hope here;
23.1;1;Maxwell to Morgan, 1 run tapped into the off side;
22.6;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run down the track, Zampa saw him coming, dropped it a touch short, and nearly a return catch. But nearly doesn't cut it right now for Australia...;
22.5;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run better ball, holding its line on leg stump, but fended away;
22.4;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run a misfield from Zampa off his own bowling. It's getting ragged out there;
22.3;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run tapped to mid-on;
22.2;4;Zampa to Morgan, FOUR runs reverse sweep, that's sweetly played, toying with the field and just pickpocketing the boundary through third man;
22.1;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run pushed off the back foot to mid-on;
21.6;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run standing tall on the back foot. Content to play out the over after that beast of a shot early doors;
21.5;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run a lot of excitement round the bat, but nothing doing as Morgan works this one to leg;
21.4;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run forward and blocked;
21.3;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run better line and length, clipped to leg;
21.2;?;Maxwell to Morgan, no run into line;
21.1;6;Maxwell to Morgan, SIX runs ab-so-lute-lee massive! Short, ugly delivery, sat up and begged to be flogged into the stands!;
20.6;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run better line and length, twisting into a back-foot push back to the bowler;
20.5;4;Zampa to Stokes, FOUR runs short, wide, crash. Gave himself room, slammed his bat through the line, and cover had no chance whatsoever;
20.4;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run stabbed through mid-off, a loose dive allows another run;
20.3;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run more compact drive, nice high elbow;
20.2;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run a wild slash - and why not? - but safely into the covers;
20.1;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run stoutly forward;
19.6;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full, 145kph/90mph on off, Morgan chops down in it - which means we have played 20 overs and Australia cannot have another no-result;
19.5;1;Starc to Stokes, 1 run low full toss, whipped crisply off the pads out to deep midwicket... The crowd gives Finch the wind-up as he fields;
19.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run fullish outside off, 146kph and poked into the covers coming forwards;
19.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run fired in straight, nudged to midwicket;
19.2;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run full and Morgan drives, comes off the outside half of the bat and loops past extra cover, lands wide of mid-off and they get one;
19.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run pitched up and sporked towards point without timing;
18.6;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run fizzed through, Stokes closes the face and works to midwicket;
18.5;?;Zampa to Stokes, no run floated up on the stumps and tapped away;
18.4;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run full and clipped down the ground coming forwards - that's Morgan's fifty, too, a firefighting knock to get England back in this game;
18.3;1;Zampa to Stokes, 1 run looped up on off, Stokes prods it into a gap in the covers and they scamper one;
18.2;1;Zampa to Morgan, 1 run pushed through and worked off the legs behind square for a single;
18.1;?;Zampa to Morgan, no run over the wicket, tossed up on leg stump, clipped to midwicket;
17.6;?;Starc to Stokes, no run better length, worked off the pads to midwicket;
17.5;6;Starc to Stokes, SIX runs tonked beyond the rope at deep backward square, that's his fifty! Banged in shot by Starc but Stokes likes it that way and goes hard in response, hooked for six!;
17.4;?;Starc to Stokes, no run comes forward and punches firmly to mid-on;
17.3;?;Starc to Stokes, no run good length, 146kph/90mph and tapped back on the move, Starc sticks out a paw to stop it;
17.2;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run outside off, Morgan waits and pushes in front of point for one;
17.1;?;Starc to Morgan, no run short of a length, over middle and leg, Morgan chops it down towards midwicket;
16.6;?;Henriques to Stokes, no run in the channel, opens the face and steers to backward point;
16.5;4;Henriques to Stokes, FOUR runs steps out to drive, in the air... but it clears mid-on! More tap from Stokes and he swings though the line;
16.4;2;Henriques to Stokes, 2 runs dug in short and lollipopping up outside off, Stokes drags a pull down past midwicket for a couple;
16.3;?;Henriques to Stokes, no run fourth-stump line, 126kph dobbers, Stokes pushes into the covers and is sent back;
16.2;?;Henriques to Stokes, no run pitched up and prodded into the covers coming forwards;
16.1;?;Henriques to Stokes, no run short outside off, Stokes advances and swings vengefully, fails to connect;
15.6;1;Head to Stokes, 1 run tossed up and clipped to long-on for another single to end the over;
15.5;1;Head to Morgan, 1 run tossed up on the stumps and worked down the ground;
15.4;?;Head to Morgan, no run comes across and pushes this towards cover;
15.3;1;Head to Stokes, 1 run Stokes comes down and clips though mid-on;
15.2;1;Head to Morgan, 1 run flighted, leans forward and strokes one through the covers;
15.1;?;Head to Morgan, no run tossed up from round the wicket, miscued back towards the bowler;
14.6;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs round the wicket, full and wide and lashed to the fence once again! Stokes has muscles on his muscles and looks in imperious mood;
14.5;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run pitched up, Stokes drive, in the air... but just short of cover diving forwards;
14.4;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs full toss from Cummins and that is humped away over the leg side, just needs to get a good connection on it and the screw turns tighter - England's 100 up and they have come roaring back at Australia;
14.3;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run fullish, Stokes swings from the hip again, mistimed into the covers;
14.2;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs pitched up and Stokes slashes hard, off the outside edge but it whistles over the leaping Maxwell at backward point. Scorched!;
14.1;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run short and wide and Morgan cuts fiercely off the back foot down to third man;
13.6;?;Head to Stokes, no run pushed through on off, tapped square;
13.5;4;Head to Stokes, FOUR runs flicked through backward square leg, a full toss from Head and Stokes helps it away to the boundary;
13.4;?;Head to Stokes, no run pushed through, Stokes goes back and hurls the bat at a cut, finds cover;
13.3;?;Head to Stokes, no run flighted, drifting towards the pads, turned to midwicket;
13.2;1;Head to Morgan, 1 run tossed up and dinked through the covers coming forwards;
13.1;?;Head to Morgan, no run very full, dips and nearly sneaks under the bat as Morgan chops down on it;
12.6;2;Cummins to Stokes, 2 runs more entertainment for the crowd as Starc misfields a drive on the greasy surface at mid-off and Stokes picks up a brace;
12.5;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs beautiful batting, gets half a stride and pings it on the up, middled straight back down the ground for four;
12.4;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run pitched up and driven again, out to Finch in the deep;
12.3;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run pitched up around fourth stump, Stokes leans into a drive to the cover sweeper;
12.2;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run slightly full, 145kph/90mph on middle and leg, Stokes pushes cautiously towards mid-on;
12.1;1;Cummins to Morgan, 1 run pushed across the bows and dabbed down to third man for one;
11.6;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run fuller and punched back down the track, Hazlewood gets a hand on it in his follow through;
11.5;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run shortish, fractionally wide and there's room to bring the hands up and cut one through point;
11.4;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run angled across and tapped towards cover from the crease;
11.3;6;Hazlewood to Morgan, SIX runs banged in short again, this time Morgan swings it h-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-g-h over fine leg, bit top-edgey but it flies a dozen rows back into the stands;
11.2;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run back of a length and defended around off stump;
11.1;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run on the pads, Stokes clips it out to deep backward square leg for one;
10.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run dug in, climbing towards shoulder height as Morgan drops back and gets on top of it in defence;
10.5;1;Cummins to Stokes, 1 run angled across and Stokes spears a drive through cover point;
10.4;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs more runs, Cummins drops short and Stokes takes on the pull, big top edge but it flies fine of the man down there and elicits more jollity from a packed house;
10.3;4;Cummins to Stokes, FOUR runs what a shot that is, a touch leg side but Stokes times is beautifully as he swings to leg and sends it fizzing past midwicket for four;
10.2;2;Cummins to Stokes, 2 runs good pace from Cummins, 146kph/91mph but flicked comfortably wide of fine leg for a couple, first runs he has conceded;
10.1;?;Cummins to Stokes, no run length ball on the stumps, worked towards midwicket;
9.6;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run back of a length outside off, defended towards cover;
9.5;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run comes across and taps this one down into the off side;
9.4;6;Hazlewood to Morgan, SIX runs dug in short and Morgan dumps the ball into the crowd! Always worth testing him with the short ball but Morgan is seeing it like Bravestarr (eyes of the hawk) and swings it up and away over the rope;
9.3;1;Hazlewood to Stokes, 1 run swings across the line and turns a single into the leg side;
9.2;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run shortish, comes off the inside of the bat and runs to midwicket;
9.1;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run length ball around off stump, Stokes presses forward and defends;
8.6;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run back of a length and rising over off, no width on offer and it's defended back to the bowler - maiden to begin with from Patty C;
8.5;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run shortish outside off and Morgan goes back to cut, sends it to backward point. Tight stuff from Cummins so far;
8.4;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run banged in short and climbing through above the crouching Morgan;
8.3;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run full on off stump, even quicker from Cummins, 146kph and stroked towards mid-off;
8.2;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run length ball, 142kph/88mph, pushed square on the off side;
8.1;?;Cummins to Morgan, no run comes across on off and punches to mid-off;
7.6;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run pushed towards off stump, dabbed down into the covers;
7.5;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run length, on the stumps and worked into the leg side;
7.4;2;Hazlewood to Stokes, 2 runs pitched up and this is just eased back past the bowler, check-driven as Stokes comes forward and holds his momentum for a couple;
7.3;1;Hazlewood to Morgan, 1 run length ball, Morgan goes hard at it and gets a couple off a thick inside edge to fine leg;
7.2;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run angled across in the corridor, Morgan is pretty certain about leaving;
7.1;4;Hazlewood to Morgan, FOUR runs floated up wide of the stumps and Morgan throws the hands gaily through the line once again, it's in the air but flies between backward point and cover point and runs away;
6.6;1;Starc to Morgan, 1 run shortish in the channel outside off and guided down to third man on the back foot;
6.5;?;Starc to Morgan, no run drops short, this is a bit of long-hop but Morgan is slightly late on it and misses with a cut;
6.4;?;Starc to Morgan, no run back of a length, good pace and flying through at chest height as Morgan drops the hands;
6.3;?;Starc to Morgan, no run shortens his length outside off, tapped down towards point;
6.2;4;Starc to Morgan, FOUR runs four more, another half-volley and this is eased in front of square coming forwards! Morgan back up and running straight away;
6.1;4;Starc to Morgan, FOUR runs full and wide and crunched unceremoniously through point by Morgan to get us restarted with a boundary, much to the delight of the crowd;
5.6;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run length ball on middle and off, defended off the inside half of the bat;
5.5;?;Hazlewood to Stokes, no run an lbw appeal first ball, Stokes trapped on the crease, thudding into the knee roll...! Gaffaney shakes his head, looked like it pitched outside leg;
5.4;W;Hazlewood to Root, OUT gone, the outside edge this time snapped up by Wade! Another big breakthrough, Hazlewood clenches his fists as Root departs, more excellent line bowling and it nipped to kiss the edge, a simple catch for the keeper this time;Joe Root c ?Wade b Hazlewood 15 (25m 14b 2x4 0x6) SR: 107.14;
5.3;2lb;Hazlewood to Root, 2 leg byes moves down the pitch, flicks to leg and it diverts away fine, Hazlewood appeals but Gaffaney isn't interested;
5.2;?;Hazlewood to Root, no run good ball, rising from a length in the channel, past the outside edge as Root prods on the back foot;
5.1;2;Hazlewood to Root, 2 runs touch too full and straight, whipped off the pads, Head misfields at midwicket and they runs a couple;
4.6;?;Starc to Morgan, no run full, fast and furious, 147kph/92mph but wide of the stumps and Morgan latches on to the square drive, again Maxwell at backward point cuts it off;
4.5;?;Starc to Morgan, no run fuller, in the channel, Morgan swings his axe and chops the ball to point on the bounce;
4.4;?;Starc to Morgan, no run puts it on a length, holding its line around off, softly blocked;
4.3;?;Starc to Morgan, no run Starc stays over the wicket, good length around fourth stump, defended;
4.2;3;Starc to Root, 3 runs pitched up and this time Root gets a clean connection, driven with better footwork although it won't quite go all the way;
4.1;4;Starc to Root, FOUR runs edged but short this time! Four more to the England cause, Root was feeling for it without foot movement but the nick landed short of the the cordon and flew between first and second slip;
3.6;2;Hazlewood to Morgan, 2 runs dropped! Hazlewood goes short, down the leg side and Morgan gets something on it - but Wade can't hold on diving full stretch to his right and it runs towards fine leg for a couple more. He went for it one-handed when two might have been better;
3.5;4;Hazlewood to Morgan, FOUR runs round the wicket, overpitched and that is a sweet straight drive, leans on a push and it races away past mid-on to the rope for a third boundary in the over;
3.4;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run slightly short and wide again and Morgan cracks it hard but straight to the man at cover;
3.3;4;Hazlewood to Morgan, FOUR runs now Hazlewood drops short but there's width and Morgan is back to slash hard in front of square for four more;
3.2;4;Hazlewood to Morgan, FOUR runs skips down, trying to disrupt Hazlewood, turns the length into a half-volley and although it is 143kph/89mph he just uses that to his advantage, hammering his first boundary through the covers;
3.1;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run back of a length around off stump, steered to point;
2.6;?;Starc to Root, no run slanted across the bows, touch wide and not coming back in, Root shoulders arms;
2.5;4;Starc to Root, FOUR runs crisply struck, Root's first shot in anger, gets his weight coming forwards and lasers four through point;
2.4;?;Starc to Root, no run pitched up, beginning to tail back in as Root clears his feet out of the way and clips towards mid-on;
2.3;?;Starc to Root, no run tight lines around off and Root leans into a solid block;
2.2;?;Starc to Root, no run in the channel, length ball but no swing and Root leaves it be;
2.1;?;Starc to Root, no run pitched up and pushed square on the off side coming forwards;
1.6;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run touch short, angled across and again there's no stroke;
1.5;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run rising from slightly back of a length, 137kph/85mph in the channel, left alone;
1.4;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run tighter line, Morgan steps forward on off stump and shows it a straight bat in defence;
1.3;?;Hazlewood to Morgan, no run full, angled across in the channel, Morgan watches it through;
1.2;W;Hazlewood to Hales, OUT got him, nicked to slip! Hazlewood finds the perfect either-or length, hits the seam around off stump and Hales is frozen in position as he pushes tentatively, gets a big, thick edge and it loops to first where Finch clasps it low down;Alex Hales c Finch b Hazlewood 0 (9m 4b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
1.1;1;Hazlewood to Root, 1 run full, nibbly length, wants the pitch to help him out, bit of a leading edge on Root's prod but it beats cover and runs for one;
0.6;?;Starc to Hales, no run full again and met on the front foot, defended to the off side;
0.5;?;Starc to Hales, no run full outside off, no swing for Starc and Hales stays still and belts it straight to extra cover;
0.4;?;Starc to Hales, no run pitched up, around off stump, 141kph/88mph and Hales gets in behind it to block to cover;
0.3;1;Starc to Root, 1 run very full, sliding down the leg side, Root skelps it down to fine leg for one;
0.2;W;Starc to Roy, OUT struck in front, Roy in a tangle... and after an age to think about it, Kumar Dharmasena raises his finger! Roy doesn't consult with his partner but quickly requests a review, but straight away this looks optimistic; no bat, hit on the knee, did it pitch outside leg? NO! Another single-figure score for Roy, his horror run continues and Starc makes an immediate incision into the England batting. GAME ON!!;Jason Roy lbw b Starc 4 (3m 2b 1x4 0x6) SR: 200;
0.1;4;Starc to Roy, FOUR runs starts with a full toss outside off and Roy connects pretty sweetly to send it fine of mid-off for four first ball;

Mitchell Starc is out early to mark his run-up... Here come the England openers, two slips in place. Leeeet's play baaaaaaall!
Hello everyone. Welcome to Mr G's room, come inside. Australia have a simple task: defend 277 and get through to the semis. Luckily, they also have one of the best attacks in the tournament. Can England see them off, send Bangladesh through, and claim 2017-18 Ashes first blood into the bargain? We're about to find out
"Watching cricinfo commentary as I walk the Cotswold Way," writes Kevin Berry. "Come on England, Aussie there for the taking now." This tournament is bubbling up very nicely, isn't it?
 Innings Start
Australia
England
10th Match Group A, Birmingham, Jun 10 2017, ICC Champions Trophy
277/9
240/4
Player of the match is Ben Stokes, ENG
England won by 40 runs (D/L method)
