Data
Australia's bowlers complete a quick mauling and as I said before, Jason Holder, the bowler, appeared to be the most comfortable of all the batsmen. Not a good sign as this is just a start of a long tour. But watching Starc this morning has been an absolute delight. He has swung the ball at such ferocious pace, I wouldn't mind another 20-over innings if I had to see such quality bowling again. West Indies fall to their lowest total against Australia.. Back in a few moments.
BJ: "And with that fifth wicket, Starc has confirmed himself rotated out of the team..."
Alan: "That Extras - what a batsman~!
wOl: "I'm not always in for Johnson bashing, but with no wickets and an economy rate of 3 and over, he's Australia's worst bowler here today. If we're going to bash somebody (and we are Australian, after all), it's going to be him...until the batsmen come out or Warnie tweets something."
23.5;W;Starc to Holder, OUT No. 5 for Mister Starc! Length ball on middle and leg, swings in. Mr. Holder had moved outside leg stump to send this over the bowler's head, but he misses and loses the leg-stump.;Jason Holder b Starc 7 (49m 19b 0x4 0x6) SR: 36.84;
23.4;?;Starc to Holder, no run another quick yorker on off stump and Holder shows how it's played, he blocks it out with some timing to cover;
23.3;1;Starc to Roach, 1 run stays on the back foot and steers the length delivery outside off to third-man;
23.2;?;Starc to Roach, no run full and fast yorker on the middle stump, Roach bottom edges it on to his boot, just in time;
23.1;1;Starc to Holder, 1 run he makes room by moving outside leg, and flat bats the short of length delivery to mid-on;
22.6;W;McKay to Narine, OUT No. 6 is not Narine's lucky number surely. After five attempts to get out, he succeeds off the sixth delivery and edges it through to the keeper.;Sunil Narine c ?Wade b McKay 0 (12m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
22.5;?;McKay to Narine, no run and again. No 5;
22.4;?;McKay to Narine, no run and more, no. 4;
22.3;?;McKay to Narine, no run make it three in a row.;
22.2;?;McKay to Narine, no run more lessons on how to survive an edge from Narine;
22.1;?;McKay to Narine, no run another one goes past Narine's edge as he pushes at an angled delivery inside the line of the ball;
5.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run length ball touch outside off, comes in a touch, but Dwayne covers the line of the stumps and lets it go;
5.5;W;Starc to Sarwan, OUT hits middle and leg!!! Well well well, it is made me jump off my seat. It is full and swinging and fast and what not... Sarwan plays all over it and it goes through the gate and disarrays the nice lattice that the stumps are laid in.;Ramnaresh Sarwan b Starc 0 (7m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
5.4;?;Starc to Sarwan, no run fuller length delivery outside off, swings in to Sarwan who pushes it to cover point off the front foot;
5.3;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run 139 ks, very full and swinging away, Bravo gets squared up and ends up edging it towards point;
5.2;W;Starc to Powell, OUT caught at first slip! So that is what Starc has been setting Powell up for. It is another swinging delivery on off stump, but the length is pulled back just a bit, only just, and it takes the outside edge and goes straight to Michael Clarke for the easiest of slip catches. Two Down;Kieran Powell c Clarke b Starc 11 (27m 18b 2x4 0x6) SR: 61.11;
5.1;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs full and swinging and Powell beautifully leans on that one and creams it through cover for his second boundary through that region;
4.6;?;McKay to Sarwan, no run gets a leg-cutter first up, it is well outside off and so it's left alone;
4.5;W;McKay to Gayle, OUT caught at second slip! short of length on off stump, leaves the batsman and bounces a touch extra too, it takes the shoulder of the bat on it's way to the slip cordon and Finch dives across and catches it in front of the first slip fielder, it carried at a nice height this one, a super catch to send the big man back;Chris Gayle c Finch b McKay 4 (23m 13b 1x4 0x6) SR: 30.76;
4.4;?;McKay to Gayle, no run fuller length on off stump, angles across Gayle and beats the outside edge. Wade takes it head high;
4.3;4;McKay to Gayle, FOUR runs short ball outside off, Gayle is a bit late on that as he plays a whip/pull through midwicket and look at the power on that, it beats the fielder to the rope;
4.2;?;McKay to Gayle, no run he stays on the back foot and defends the back of length delivery towards the off side;
4.1;?;McKay to Gayle, no run 135 ks, short of length delivery on off and middle, defended down the pitch off the back foot;
21.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run full and swining in on middle and leg stump line, Holder gets his bat down in time and pushes it back to the bowler;
21.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run short of length on the body, defended towards the leg side;
21.4;2;Johnson to Holder, 2 runs nicely tucked away to deep backward square off one which is short of length and on the body;
21.3;?;Johnson to Holder, no run and straight on the back foot spotting the shorter length, defended towards point;
21.2;?;Johnson to Holder, no run what solid defence there! Positive stride to a length ball, meets the ball under his eye and defends it to off;
21.2;1w;Johnson to Holder, 1 wide full and wide outside off, very wide, called a wide, rightly so;
21.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run length ball a touch outside off, carries on with the angle, left alone by the batsman;
20.6;?;McKay to Narine, no run short of length delivery angles across and goes past the outside edge;
20.5;?;McKay to Narine, no run length ball on off stump, defended towards the leg side off the front foot;
20.4;?;McKay to Narine, no run short of length delivery on the middle, defended off the back foot;
20.3;?;McKay to Narine, no run length delivery angled across the left-handed Narine, he tucks his bat in and keeps it away from the ball;
20.2;?;McKay to Narine, no run full down the leg side, hits the pads on its way to the keeper;
20.1;W;McKay to Sammy, OUT caught at midwicket! Here comes the wicket. Short of length on off and middle, Sammy tries to flick it to the leg side , but the ball gets big on him and it takes a leading edge. It could have been McKay's catch, but he slips in his follow through, but there is ample time for the fielder at midwicket to jog in and swallow that one;Daren Sammy c Bailey b McKay 16 (43m 37b 2x4 0x6) SR: 43.24;
19.6;1;Johnson to Sammy, 1 run keeps strike as he drops this one softly on the off side and calls for a quicks single;
19.5;4;Johnson to Sammy, FOUR runs charges out, makes some room and smashes it hard with a hammer of a shot through mid-off, all along the ground;
19.4;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run fuller ball outside off, the batsman tries to go through cover with his drive, but ends up playing it back to the bowler as it hits the inside half of the bat;
19.3;4b;Johnson to Sammy, 4 byes short delivery on off, Sammy gets into a tangle as he tries to pull it, the ball still goes over the bat and up over the keeper's head;
19.2;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run length ball on off, pushed to cover and the batsmen set off after some hesitation, could have been close has the fielder hit the stumps at the non-striker's end;
19.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run fuller delivery wide outside off, safely left alone by the batsman;
18.6;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run full yorker outside off, beats the bat and Wade takes it shoulder high;
18.5;4;Faulkner to Sammy, FOUR runs driven in the air, but it is in the gap at cover and Sammy gets more from this over. It was a length ball outside off and there was a big gap at cover to aim at;
18.4;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run length ball going across the batsman, easily left alone;
18.3;2;Faulkner to Sammy, 2 runs short of length on off stump, and Sammy plays a short-arm jab on one leg to send it over mid-on for a couple. 50 up;
18.2;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run lures the batsman with one that is pushed up fuller, the angles takes it past the outside edge of the bat;
18.1;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run short of length delivery, angled across, left alone by the batsman;
17.6;1lb;Johnson to Sammy, 1 leg bye length ball on middle and leg, swings back in, Sammy plays that to fine leg off the back foot;
17.5;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run full and swinging, but it's going down the leg side, it hits the inside edge, then the pad, but comes back on the crease. That short-leg guys is waiting there;
17.4;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run length ball on the middle, Sammy makes room but the ball swings back into him and hits the thigh pad;
17.3;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run full and wide, the batsman has a poke at that one, but doesn't make a connection;
17.2;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run short of length delivery on the middle stump, tucked away towards midwicket off the back foot;
17.1;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run attempts a yorker, but it's a low fullt-toss, driven to wide mid-off;
16.6;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run not out given! It flicked something on the way to the keeper. It was short of length delivery on off stump, got up a bit and flicked the elbow or something on the way to the keeper.;
16.5;1;Faulkner to Holder, 1 run fuller on off, Holder comes forward and pushes it to wide mid-off for a quick single;
16.4;?;Faulkner to Holder, no run quick short ball around leg stump, Holder goes for a pull and misses, the keeper goes up for a caught behind appeal, but it didn't touch anything;
16.3;1;Faulkner to Sammy, 1 run nice flick fine on the leg side off a length ball on the pads, just a single;
16.2;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run takes it away from the right-hander, from short of length, left alone;
16.1;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run a big swing and a miss, Sammy sees width and throws his bat at it, playing away from the body, lucky not to edge that one;
15.6;1lb;Johnson to Sammy, 1 leg bye short of length on the pads, hits the thigh pad and rolls towards backward square leg;
15.5;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run short of length, bounces a touch extra and hits the thigh pad;
15.4;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run no no! The pitch saves the batsman. It was bowled on a length, pitched on the middle line, swung in and what does Sammy do? he leaves it. The ball hits the pads and everyone goes for a loud appeal. Good leave in hindsight;
15.4;1w;Johnson to Sammy, 1 wide swings it down the leg side, called a wide;
15.3;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run length ball on middle and leg, 145 ks, hits the pads but on this pitch, generally those ones sail over the stumps, no appeal;
15.2;1;Johnson to Holder, 1 run oh my my!! That was a fast full inswinging yorker, and he just gets his bat down in time to get an inside edge to the leg side;
15.1;?;Johnson to Holder, no run length delivery on off, not much movement for him, defended by the batsman back to the bowler;
14.6;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run keeps it tight outside off, Sammy stays in the crease and lifts his bat out of the way;
14.5;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run short of length and a touch wide outside off, left alone;
14.4;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run now he plays outside the line of the ball, it goes between the bat and pad to the keeper;
14.3;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run full yorker outside off, misses everything, Sammy was late to bring his bat down;
14.2;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run keeps it around the off stump and Sammy defends off the back foot towards the leg side;
14.1;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run slightly slower length delivery on off, defended off the back foot;
13.6;?;Johnson to Holder, no run he is back to his favourite length, which is a bit short of good length, it goes across the right hander who leaves it alone;
13.5;?;Johnson to Holder, no run edged and falls short of the second-slip fielder. Holder does well as he takes his bottom hand off as he plays that short of length delivery off the back foot;
13.4;1;Johnson to Sammy, 1 run short of length on middle and leg, glanced down to fine-leg off the back foot;
13.3;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run this one was much straighter and Sammy played at that from the crease, lucky that he got an inside edge on to his pads;
13.2;2;Johnson to Sammy, 2 runs another fuller one outside off, Sammy pushes it in the gap at cover for a couple;
13.1;?;Johnson to Sammy, no run he tries the same formula as Starc, bowls full outside off, but it doesn't swing much and is defended back to the bowler;
12.6;?;Faulkner to Holder, no run the tall debutant plays a positive defensive shot off a length ball;
12.5;W;Faulkner to Bravo, OUT caught my Mr. Clarke at you know where! As simple as you like. Length delivery on off stump, moves a touch away after pitching and Bravo plays that from the back foot when probably he should have been forward, the ball takes a proper edge and goes straight to first slip;Darren Bravo c Clarke b Faulkner 11 (41m 25b 1x4 0x6) SR: 44;
12.4;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run short of length outside off stump, defended towards the off side;
12.3;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run loose shot by Lara as he flays his bat at a wide delivery and gets beaten;
12.2;1;Faulkner to Sammy, 1 run length delivery on middle and leg line, not much swing for JF, pushed towards midwicket;
12.1;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run fuller length delivery on the off stump, punched back straight down, mid-on and mid-off converge to stop that;
12.1;1w;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 wide down the leg side and it's called a wide;
11.6;?;Starc to Sammy, no run full and swinging outside off, just didn't come back as much as it did earlier, but it was enough to draw an inside edge to square leg;
11.5;1;Starc to Bravo, 1 run back of length on the pads, Bravo hops and tucks it towards backward square leg;
11.4;4b;Starc to Bravo, 4 byes short of length wide outside off, and that climbs from there and goes over the keeper's head..;
11.3;2;Starc to Bravo, 2 runs full on the pads and that is flicked fine down to fine leg, where JF makes a full-length dive to cut off the boundary;
11.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run and more of the same again, defended towards off side;
11.1;?;Starc to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, swings away, Bravo gets squared up a bit as he defends it to the off side;
10.6;?;Faulkner to Sammy, no run fuller length on the middle stump line, moves a touch away too, pushed back to the bowler;
10.6;1w;Faulkner to Sammy, 1 wide gets a wide delivery outside off;
10.5;W;Faulkner to Thomas, OUT caught at first slip! Success, triumph and fun for JF. A good start to his career and Thomas gives his wicket as a gift. It was short of length on off stump, angling across, and Thomas pokes at it, the edge flies comfortably to Clarke;Devon Thomas c Clarke b Faulkner 3 (15m 11b 0x4 0x6) SR: 27.27;
10.4;?;Faulkner to Thomas, no run goes across the right hander and beats the outside edge as Thomas doesn't really stretch out to the pitch of the ball;
10.3;1;Faulkner to Bravo, 1 run not much swing for JF, it is on a length angling in to the left-hander, he comes forward and pushes it to wide mid-on;
10.2;?;Faulkner to Bravo, no run gets some bounce outside off, defended off the backfoot, a bit awkwardly;
10.1;1;Faulkner to Thomas, 1 run 127 ks, nice gentle delivery on a length compared to what has been spewed till now, it is tucked towards square leg for a single;
9.6;?;Starc to Bravo, no run another short delivery, this time Bravo sees it early and ducks under it;
9.5;?;Starc to Bravo, no run keeps it nice and full outside off, the batsman drives with an open face, towards cover point;
9.4;?;Starc to Bravo, no run 142 ks, full and swinging outside off, a touch too full, Bravo defends it back to the bowler;
9.3;?;Starc to Bravo, no run tests him with a bouncer outside off stump, Darren was going forward and had to sway away at the last moment;
9.2;?;Starc to Bravo, no run length ball on off stump, moves away from the bat, left alone by the batsman;
9.1;4;Starc to Bravo, FOUR runs fuller length delivery wide outside off, swinging away and Darren caresses it through cover for a boundary;
8.6;2;McKay to Thomas, 2 runs fuller length outside off, Thomas goes for a drive but ends up slicing it past the left of a diving point fielder;
8.5;?;McKay to Thomas, no run length ball outside off, left alone;
8.4;?;McKay to Thomas, no run short of length with width outside off, cut with power, but straight to point;
8.3;?;McKay to Thomas, no run fuller length on off stump, punched to mid-on;
8.2;?;McKay to Thomas, no run leaves the ball on length outside off, but I tell you, that just went over the off stump. Good leave, some would say, at the WACA;
8.1;1;McKay to Bravo, 1 run edged and goes through the vacant third slip! length ball, leaves Bravo, who plays at it without much of a forward stride;
7.6;?;Starc to Thomas, no run this one is a touch shorter in length, but it keeps coming back in and hits the batsman on the thigh;
7.5;?;Starc to Thomas, no run full yorker again and somehow Thomas digs it out. Survives to live another day.;
7.4;?;Starc to Thomas, no run full yorker outside off, how did that miss the off stump. Everyone has their hands on their heads..;
7.3;W;Starc to Pollard, OUT take this one then!! Full inswinging delivery outside off, Polly doesn't get too far forward and chops the ball back to the stumps. That's out twice in two balls in my book.;Kieron Pollard b Starc 0 (3m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
7.2;?;Starc to Pollard, no run oh my god!!! another one full, fast and swinging, hits the pads at a ferocious pace and Polly's bat is nowhere near the ball, it pitches in line of leg stump and hits him in line. Decision reviewed. It looked good to me, but the DRS thingy saves Polly, as it was clipping the leg stump with the outer half;
7.1;W;Starc to Bravo, OUT is that caught! is that lbw! Whatever it is, it is another wicket! It is bat-pad to short leg. Starc keeps it there, full, fast and swinging on the middle stump, Dwayne, unlike Sarwan, takes a stride out to the ball, but it takes the inside edge, hits the pads and goes straight to short-leg fielder;Dwayne Bravo c Hughes b Starc 0 (7m 2b 0x4 0x6) SR: 0;
6.6;?;McKay to Bravo, no run short-ish delivery on off stump, not too quick, Darren hops and defends it down the pitch;
6.5;?;McKay to Bravo, no run short of length outside off, a confident leave from Darren this time;
6.4;?;McKay to Bravo, no run on the middle and leg line, seams a touch away after pitching and Darren ends up defending back to the bowler;
6.3;?;McKay to Bravo, no run back of length angling across the left-hander, Darren pulls his bat in at the last moment;
6.2;?;McKay to Bravo, no run and this one carries on with the angle! Darren was playing for the swing and it goes past the outside edge;
6.1;?;McKay to Bravo, no run fuller length delivery on off, Darren doesn't come fully forward, but defends it to leg side;
3.6;?;Starc to Powell, no run another one on similar length, very full, but it is pitched on middle and leg and hits the batsman on the pads as he shuffles across, the angle on that delivery saves Powell.;
3.5;4;Starc to Powell, FOUR runs he gets a gift and drives it firmly through the covers. Starch experimented by pushing it all the way to the batsman;
3.4;?;Starc to Powell, no run lovely delivery! starts of just outside off and swings away. Beats Powell who was waiting on his back foot;
3.3;2;Starc to Powell, 2 runs and keeps shuffling across, but the line on this ball is a bit straight and it allows Powell to whip it through midwicket;
3.2;?;Starc to Powell, no run shuffles across to play the short of length delivery on middle stump towards leg side, gets a leading edge back down the pitch. Lucky that it went straight down on the pitch;
3.1;?;Starc to Powell, no run back of a length just outside off, Powell goes back and defends the swinging delivery towards point;
2.6;1;McKay to Powell, 1 run he shuffles across and punches the length ball on middle and leg to the right of the square-leg fielder. It doesn't go too far and was in the air for a fair bit;
2.5;?;McKay to Powell, no run 135 ks, on a length a touch outside off, leaves the left-hander with the angle, left alone easily.;
2.4;?;McKay to Powell, no run angles across the left-hander, it is bowled on a fuller length and Powell leaves it comfortably;
2.3;?;McKay to Powell, no run fuller length outside off, Powell stays in the crease and crunches it to the off side, but straight to mid-off;
2.2;?;McKay to Powell, no run on a length, round about middle stump line and takes off from there, the batsman gets hit on the back leg, around thigh-pad;
2.1;?;McKay to Powell, no run back of length on off stump, Powell stays on the back foot and defends it back to the bowler;
1.6;?;Starc to Gayle, no run fuller length outside off, bounces a lot after pitching and Wade takes it over his head;
1.5;?;Starc to Gayle, no run fuller length, wide outside off, swings away and this time Gayle keeps his bat tucked in;
1.4;?;Starc to Gayle, no run and brings this closer to off and takes it away from there. Gayle stays within the crease and plays down the wrong line. He is not getting beaten by those one, it is just that he hangs his bat;
1.3;?;Starc to Gayle, no run this one is a touch wider outside off, swings away, no problems in letting that one go;
1.2;?;Starc to Gayle, no run 136 ks, and another outswinger. Starts outside off and swings further away. Gayle keeps his bat away from the line of the ball;
1.1;?;Starc to Gayle, no run starts of with a perfect outswinger, Gayle stays in the crease and plays inside the line;
0.6;?;McKay to Powell, no run and another one past the edge as Powell goes fishing for one outside off, his feet not anywhere near the pitch of the delivery;
0.5;?;McKay to Powell, no run this one is closer to the line of off and it beats Powell's forward prod;
0.5;1w;McKay to Powell, 1 wide this one swings away from the batsman, but this goes wide outside off and the umpire stretches his arms again;
0.4;?;McKay to Powell, no run length ball across the left-hander, left alone;
0.3;?;McKay to Powell, no run full and swinging in to Powell, he goes for a flick but misses the ball completely, gets hit on the pads. The ball pitched middle and leg but swung a long way and that saves Powell;
0.2;1lb;McKay to Gayle, 1 leg bye back of length, swings into Gayle from around leg stump, he gets hit on the thigh pad as he tries to glance, batsmen exchange ends as the ball rolls towards leg gully;
0.2;1w;McKay to Gayle, 1 wide short of length, but he loses direction and it goes wide outside off;
0.1;?;McKay to Gayle, no run short of length angling across the left-hander, Gayle moves his bat out of the way;

So it's Kieran Powell and Chris Gayle to start the proceedings. Powell scored 90-odd in the tour game a couple of days back. Gayle on strike. Two slips for him. McKay to start over the wicket.
John: "Daniel, Finch has taken one wicket in his entire List A career. Based on that you think he's a 5th bowler option? I bet the WI hope he is."



Toss: Darren Sammy has won the toss and has decided to bat. James Faulkner is making his debut today, he has been handed his ODI cap by the legend, Dennis Lillee. For West Indies, 21-year-old Jason Holder gets his first cap while Andre Russell has been left out. Kemar Roach is in too.
BJ: "I'm hoping we see the Chris Gayle that was decimating all during his last couple matches of the Caribbean T20 comp, and not the Gayle who struggled throughout the Bangladesh tour and all but the final match of the BBL. I know which one is more entertaining." We all are waiting to see him BJ, we all are. 122 and 85 he got in those two innings..
Patch: "Looking forward to watching Faulkner bowl at the death, especially with the WIndies strong lower order hitting out. Big challenge and a good indicator of his potential."
victor darrell: "The most critical part of this match for the WI is the team selection. This is an ongoing problem for us. Gibson has to get it right to give the boys a chance!! XI should be Gayle, Powell, Charles (wk), Darren Bravo, Sarwan, Pollard, Sammy, Holder, Narine, Roach and Best....Go Windies!!! Take this series 4-1 !!!"
"Liking the 5th bowler options in Clarke, Finch and Maxwell," says Daniel. "Dont think the Windies will settle into any groove with Faulkner, Johnson and Starc on a quick WACA surface."



The men from Caribbean have won 10 of their 17 ODIs here at the WACA and have only lost one - that's right - only one to Australia. That loss came when West Indies were still in the peak of their powers almost 30 years ago. Can this bunch of tourists build on their record? Welcome to our coverage of the first ODI between Australia and West Indies. Australia have appeared more fallible in shorter forms and West Indies - the World T20 champs - is a team on the rise. It promises to be a keenly contested series. I am specially looking forward to Ramnaresh Sarwan's comeback. He scored a fifty in the tour match too.
 Innings Start
That brings us to the end of our coverage. It has been a short and sweet day. I will be back on Sunday on comms, hoping for a better contest. Here is Dan Brettig's match-report. This is Devashish Fuloria signing off for the day. Ciao



Michael Clarke: "It is nice to be on the other side after what happened in Brisbane. I think this was a very nice Test match wicket and that was the reason we would have wanted to bowl first anyway. Mitchell Johnson is the only other bowler I have seen do what Starc did today. It was the total which prompted us to send Maxwell up the order. If Maxwell bats like this, he can certainly have opening every game [smiles]. We are going to enjoy tonight and will get ready for a tough game in two days time. It is going to be a better batting wicket on Sunday"
Darren Sammy: "They hit us hard, and now we need to hit them hard in the next game. Hopefully it was just a one off. The team backed itself to bat first. But we fell to seam and swing. We need to come back strong and hard in two days time."
Mitchell Starc gets a fancy something in a box because he is the player of the match: "It is nice when the ball swings. It's nice when you get rhythm like that. If you had put enough ball in the right areas, the pitch had enough to help the bowlers."



Game over within 10 overs. It is like Super Mario found a pipeline to take him close to the finish. Clarke walks out to shake hands along with his teammates. Maxwell came out and had some fun, he missed some, but he found the range with some unorthodox hitting. But the real star of the match was Mitch Starc. What a spell he bowled earlier today? If you haven't seen it, I recommend the highlights highly.
Gareth: "Years ago Australia A gave Sri Lanka such a hiding on a tour, that the game was over within the first innings time frame. They then played a 25 over exhibition match to make sure the crowd got their money's worth. I hope they do that hear tonight as well!"
Super Ted: "@ Gareth - I somehow don't think the boys will be allowed to play an exhibition in this day and age! #rotationpolicy"
Bill: "@Gareth They don't think of the crowd anymore. They won't want to risk injury or give the West Indians extra batting practice."
Arpit: "These type of matches are surely eating up the TV commercial revenue for boards. ICC should come up with some kind of rule about it too"
David: "At least the WI batsmen can console themselves with the knowledge that they managed the 2nd, 3rd and 4th highest individual scores in the match (extras aside)."



9.2;1;Holder to Khawaja, 1 run comes forward, plays a soft push to the offside and completes a quick single to hand out a big thrashing to the tourists;
9.1;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run short of length wide outside off, moves away after passing the batsman who has left it alone;
8.6;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run flighted delivery on off and middle, he comes forward to push it to the leg side, but misses as the ball turns and hits the pads;
8.5;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run short of length delivery, quick too, defended back to the bowler off the back foot;
8.4;4;Narine to Maxwell, FOUR runs fifty for Maxwell as he cuts it hard through gully on the off side;
8.4;1w;Narine to Maxwell, 1 wide he goes down the leg side and is called a wide, Maxwell wanted to send it to deep backward square;
8.3;4;Narine to Maxwell, FOUR runs that is more orthodox stuff, flighted delivery is smashed over the off side, inside out;
8.2;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run no he goes the other way with a reverse sweep, but makes no connection;
8.1;1;Narine to Khawaja, 1 run spins away after pitching outside off, Uzzie cuts it to point, who misfields allowing a single;
7.6;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run he shuffles across the stumps, not as animatedly as earlier, and misses the short of length delivery down the leg side.;
7.5;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run charges out and gets a full swinging delivery outside off, misses it;
7.4;4;Holder to Maxwell, FOUR runs one bounce, two bounce, and it is a boundary over extra cover. What sort of short is that. He hammers this rising delivery from around his chest with a swat over cover;
7.3;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run now goes all the way across to the off side, trying to paddle that over short fine, makes not connection;
7.2;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run and tries to send this one down to downtown Perth by moving his front leg out of the way, the ball comes in with the angles and goes between bat and pad;
7.1;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run moves to the leg side, but the ball is full and it takes an inside edge to square leg;
6.6;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run flighted on middle and leg, it grips and turns past the bat. Uzzie beaten outside off;
6.5;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run 93 ks, flat and quick on off, he comes forward an defends;
6.4;4;Narine to Khawaja, FOUR runs short and spins away from Uzzie, who uses the opportunity and cuts it hard past point to pick some welcome runs;
6.3;1;Narine to Maxwell, 1 run comes down the pitch, but the ball is flatter, he has to dab it to cover for a single;
6.2;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run and goes for a power sweep off a flighted one, but hits the man at forward short leg. It hit the fielder on his shin pads;
6.1;4;Narine to Maxwell, FOUR runs short of length, turns into the batsman, Maxwell pulls it along and smashes it to deep midwicket boundary;
5.6;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run length ball outside off, driven square on off side but Polly makes a one-handed stop;
5.5;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run back of length on off, he hops and gets behind the line, plays it back to the bowler;
5.4;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run short of length on the body, defended off the back foot towards the leg side;
5.3;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run goes for a pull of a back of length delivery going across, but it is too quick for him and he gets beaten;
5.2;2;Holder to Khawaja, 2 runs on the pads and it is tucked away to deep backward square for a couple;
5.1;1;Holder to Maxwell, 1 run moves way outside off and tries to pull the length delivery on the leg side, doesn't get hold of it, gets it as far as short fine;
4.6;?;Narine to Khawaja, no run was that a drop! Maybe no. It is floated up to the batsman and it turns past the bat as Uzzie comes forward. The keeper doesn't take it cleanly. Yes, that took an edge.;
4.5;1;Narine to Maxwell, 1 run turns into him, and he pulls it down to deep backward square;
4.4;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run spins into the batsman and he gets hit on the thigh pad;
4.3;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run short delivery, but it's quick too, defended off the back foot;
4.2;?;Narine to Maxwell, no run pushed through and spins in from off, tucked away to short fine;
4.1;4;Narine to Maxwell, FOUR runs Maxwell goes reverse sweeping, the ball was heading down the leg side, but he sends this all along the ground to deep midwicket..errr. extra cover for a boundary;
3.6;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run length ball on off, solidly defended down the pitch off the front foot;
3.5;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run full and wide outside off, Khawaja tries to drive at that one away from his body, gets beaten;
3.4;?;Holder to Khawaja, no run beats him outside off with an angled delivery that bounces a touch extra;
3.3;W;Holder to Finch, OUT Mr DRS has been called into service. It was short of length outside off, the batsman stays in the crease and tries to flay his bat at that, it takes an outside edge, seemingly so, (I heard a noise), but the umpire says no. Being reviewed...Yes, it is out. Although it didn't show up clearly on the hot-spot, the noise was too loud to ignore. Holder 1 - hot-spot 0;Aaron Finch c ?Thomas b Holder 10 (18m 6b 1x4 0x6) SR: 166.66;
3.2;2;Holder to Finch, 2 runs backs away and slices a length delivery over cover point for a couple;
3.1;4;Holder to Finch, FOUR runs short and wide, it is bouncing extra but these guys know how to play their tennis, played over cover with a horizontal bat;
3.1;1w;Holder to Finch, 1 wide a play and a miss outside off, off a short of length wide delivery;
2.6;?;Roach to Maxwell, no run another quick short of length ball, Maxwell is moving all around the crease, but stays away from this one;
2.5;?;Roach to Maxwell, no run short of length ball, goes past the outside edge, the keeper loses the ball as it rises a bit extra;
2.4;6;Roach to Maxwell, SIX runs fuller length and he again moves outside leg and drives it inside out, all the way into the crowd, well taken in the crowd.;
2.3;4;Roach to Maxwell, FOUR runs the top-edge goes over the keeper's head. Maxwell is moving his front leg out every ball and is trying to play the fore-hand;
2.2;?;Roach to Maxwell, no run charges out and makes room, gets a quick shorter delivery and has to move out of the way;
2.1;1;Roach to Finch, 1 run length ball on off, pushed to cover with soft hands and he calls for a quick single;
1.6;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run ok, so he knows he is allowed to leave, lets this length delivery outside off go through;
1.5;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run Maxwell is doing a bit of Narine here (different shots though), third time in a row he makes no connection to one which bounces extra;
1.4;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run and slashes at it again, but the bounce takes it over the bat. Maxwell is moving about on the crease, he wants to finish things in a jiffy;
1.3;?;Holder to Maxwell, no run moves outside leg, but Holder bowls it wide outside off, and he gets a lot of bounce with his height, goes over the bat to the keeper;
1.2;3;Holder to Finch, 3 runs short of length outside off, cracked through cover for a couple again;
1.1;?;Holder to Finch, no run 138 ks, on a length but is very wide, just inside the wide marker;
0.6;?;Roach to Maxwell, no run and he goes again, wants to send this out, but gets a bottom edge on this one, it rolls to mid-on;
0.5;6;Roach to Maxwell, SIX runs oh what's going on, he moves his front leg out of the way and tennis -forehands this slightly short of length delivery into the stands at wide long-on;
0.4;4;Roach to Maxwell, FOUR runs oh my!! charges down and makes room by moving outside leg and blasts this through wide mid-off for boundary no. 3;
0.3;4;Roach to Maxwell, FOUR runs fuller length outside off, and Maxwell is not wasting any time, he comes forward and crashes, just crashes, it through cover;
0.2;?;Roach to Maxwell, no run fuller length on off stump, punched back to the bowler off the front foot;
0.1;4;Roach to Maxwell, FOUR runs first ball, short outside off, he hops and cracks it through in front of square off the back foot. In front of square? that was through cover actually;

After a well-deserved tea-break, I am back. So are West Indies and the two Aussie openers. All set. Roach measures is run-up. Three slips in place. Finch and Maxwell in. A short-leg in place too. Roach runs all the way but Maxwell pulls out. He is not fully charged ..
Michael: "I feel a bit sorry for Uzzie, as he's back in the side but may well not get a bat today!"
 Innings Start
West Indies
Australia
1st ODI (D/N), Perth, Feb 1 2013, West Indies tour of Australia
70
71/1
Player of the match is Mitchell Starc, AUS
Australia won by 9 wickets (with 244 balls remaining)
