Data
Warner's has been a good innings, and it may turn out to be a match-winning one as the pitch is a little two-paced. But Sri Lanka's bowlers did very well to contain Australia, and they were backed up well in the field. We'll be here with the second innings in less than ten.
"We thought 130-140 would be a good total, and we've got there," says Warner as he walks off the pitch. "Hopefully our bowlers can bowl as well as they did."
19.6;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run down the track again, but the bowler is wise to it and adjusts his length to york Warner. That's hit to cover again, and it has been some very good bowling in the final two overs to keep Australia below 140.;
19.5;2;Kulasekara to Warner, 2 runs Warner runs down the pitch to alter the length and gets under a full toss. Great fielding at long off from Thisara Perara saves the boundary though. He ran in, dived to his right and managed to stop a full-blooded drive.;
19.4;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run back on target with a yorker on leg stump, hits the boot, might have been some bat as well.;
19.3;2;Kulasekara to Voges, 2 runs slightly overpitches that one, and an extra run is the result. Voges swings that behind square, and fine leg has to run around to cut it off;
19.2;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run another yorker on the stumps, Warner just digs it out to cover again;
19.1;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run he gets his yorker humming early. Full on the stumps, and turned to leg, where the square leg fielder collects;
18.6;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run Voges goes across the stumps to try and throw Malinga's line off, but Malinga follows him and executes another perfect yorker. Dug out to the off side again. That's as good as death bowling gets really.;
18.5;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run Malinga's been pinpoint in this over. Yorker about a foot outside off stump, and Warner can only hit that to long off. He's broken Warner's bat too.;
18.4;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run wide yorker again, driven to long off;
18.3;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run slides that yorker across Warner, who digs it out to cover;
18.2;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run full and wide of off stump, driven to long off;
18.1;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run full and wide, Warner drills it hard to long off;
15.6;1;Mendis to Voges, 1 run length ball straightening on off stump, Voges pushes that to long off;
15.5;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run fullish, driven down the ground to long off;
15.4;1;Mendis to Voges, 1 run advances, and Mendis slows it up and bowls it shorter. Voges drags it to deep midwicket;
15.3;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run flat again and on leg stump, Warner tries to slog it but can't get enough bat on it. Dribbles into the on side;
15.2;?;Mendis to Warner, no run tries the switch-hit paddle sweep, but misses. Full and outside off stump from Mendis, who bowled that flatter and quicker;
15.1;1;Mendis to Voges, 1 run tossed up outside off, dragged to wide mid on;
14.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run Warner backs away again and Mathews follows him. He aims a big swing at cow corner again, but the length ball travels under his bat and to the keeper;
14.5;1;Angelo Mathews to Voges, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, Voges gets a thick inside edge to fine leg;
14.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run dropped! How much will that cost Sri Lanka? That was slogged across the line straight to Kulasekara at deep midwicket, but he can't hold on.;
14.3;2;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 2 runs backs away a tad and hits a length ball on leg stump towards long on, who has work to do. Good running gets two again.;
14.3;1w;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 wide bowls that way down the leg side, Mathews is rattled;
14.2;6;Angelo Mathews to Warner, SIX runs Mathews goes for a bouncer, which Warner somehow hits for six! He fell as he played that hook shot and it sailed high over the fine leg fence.;
14.1;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs shortish on the stumps and bludgeoned!;
13.6;2;Mendis to Voges, 2 runs tossed up on the stumps, Voges hits that towards long on, and they run well as they complete two;
13.5;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run fullish again, bashed down the ground for a single;
13.4;1b;Mendis to Voges, 1 bye full and angled into Voges, who misses the ball, and the keeper can't collect either;
13.3;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run Warner opens up again, but gets an outside edge to short third man and they take another quick run;
13.2;1;Mendis to Voges, 1 run short and wide, Voges runs at it and cuts to the deep;
13.1;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run length outside leg stump, Warner backed away but could only get that to short third man;
12.6;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run full and wide, Warner drives that to the deep cover fieldsman;
12.5;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run full again, driven to long off;
12.4;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run full and on the stumps, driven to long on;
12.3;4;Kulasekara to Warner, FOUR runs down the track and walloped. That's Warner's fifty. It's a full toss outside off stump and Warner smashed that in front of square;
12.2;1;Kulasekara to Voges, 1 run length ball, moved in a little off the seam. Voges inside edges it towards point;
12.1;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run slower ball, fullish and on the stumps, Warner wound up for a big shot, but ended up just knocking that through the off side;
17.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run full and on off stump, Warner tries to drill that wide of long on, but a diving save from Mahela at midwicket keeps it to one;
17.5;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run slower again, and Voges swings hard at that, and gets enough bat to get it to long on;
17.4;?;Perera to Voges, no run slower ball, 100kph. Voges goes for a big slog, but is done in by the variation;
17.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run wide full toss again, but Warner drills that on the ground to long off;
17.2;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs full and straighter this time, driven right back past the bowler and more terrific running earns an extra run;
17.1;6;Perera to Warner, SIX runs full, outside off stump and Warner murders that over long off for six. It was a full toss in the end and Warner got right under neath it;
16.6;?;Malinga to Voges, no run really wide full delivery there. Would have been a wide if Voges hadn't hit it, but he did. Throws his bat out, and hits it straight to backward point;
16.5;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run wide yorker again, 141 kph, driven square by Warner to deep point;
16.4;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run slower bouncer, Voges pulls it to deep backward square;
16.3;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run I think that was the quicker one this time, wide yorker, outside edge to third man;
16.2;1;Malinga to Voges, 1 run you guessed it, slower ball. Lenght on middle stump. Voges gets that to deep backward square;
16.1;2;Malinga to Voges, 2 runs slower ball again, that's seven in a row. Voges worked a length ball on the stumps behind square on the leg side, and a throw that deflects off the stumps allows a second;
11.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run shortish and on offstump. Warner makes room and cuts that to deep point;
11.5;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs short and pulled into the gap on the legside, Perera runs around to field;
11.4;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run another quick run. Voges hit that straight to cover and took off, but there was a misfield and an easy single in the end;
11.3;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run Warner tries to cut that length delivery, but gets an under edge and they scamper through;
11.2;1;Perera to Voges, 1 run shorter and outside off stump, run down to third man;
11.1;?;Perera to Voges, no run fullish and straight, defended;
10.6;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs good thinking,. Mathews goes back of a length on off stump again, and Warner backs away and directs that past short fine leg for four;
10.5;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run big appeal, but I don't think that's touched bat. That leaps up from back of a length and hits Warner's bicep on the way through to Chandimal. S;
10.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run length outside off stump, Warner goes for a big heave and misses;
10.3;1;Angelo Mathews to Voges, 1 run fuller this time, Voges on-drives aerially, but it lands well short of long on;
10.2;?;Angelo Mathews to Voges, no run shortish outside off, Voges drags that to the leg side with a pull, but can't beat midwicket;
10.1;1;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 run length outside off stump, hits Warner's pads and the batsmen run through;
9.6;?;Mendis to Voges, no run tossed up wider of Voges this time, but he's beaten by the flight and can't get bat to it;
9.5;?;Mendis to Voges, no run not much spin there, but Voges misses a fullish delivery heading down leg;
9.4;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run short and down leg, but not put away. Warner ends up playing a half-hearted pull that is fielded at short fine leg;
9.3;2;Mendis to Warner, 2 runs full again, and Warner cuts down on that one and gets it behind point;
9.2;1;Mendis to Voges, 1 run tossed up on off stump, hit wide of short cover;
9.1;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run length on off stump, Warner slogs that to long on;
8.6;W;Perera to Bailey, OUT Bailey pinpoints Dilshan with an open-faced drive. Poor stroke you've got to say. Fullish wide delivery, drilled straight to the fielder, who gobbles it at waist height.;George Bailey c Dilshan b Perera 11 (9m 9b 0x4 1x6) SR: 122.22;
8.5;?;Perera to Bailey, no run shortish and off stump, Bailey tried to pull but missed and was hit on the thigh pad. Appeal from Perera, but it was too high.;
8.4;6;Perera to Bailey, SIX runs lovely stroke. Overpitched and Bailey strikes that high, straight and long beyond the sightscreen;
8.3;?;Perera to Bailey, no run wide and short, Bailey chases after that one but can't get bat to it;
8.2;?;Perera to Bailey, no run 135 kph, straight and full, blocked back to the bowler;
8.1;2;Perera to Bailey, 2 runs almost another run out there! Bailey tried to pull that shortish delivery and only got an under edge. Thirimanne ran in from deep square leg, but his throw was off target, and Chandimal had too much to do. Another missed opportunity for Sri Lanka;
7.6;1;Mendis to Bailey, 1 run slower, full and on the stumps, Bailey turns it around the corner towards short fine leg;
7.5;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run fullish and on leg stump, Warner backs away a touch and plays that through the off side, where the short cover runs around to collect;
7.4;1;Mendis to Bailey, 1 run full and on off stump, driven to long on;
7.3;1;Mendis to Warner, 1 run length ball on off stump, knocks it into the off side and scampers through;
7.2;6;Mendis to Warner, SIX runs got hold of that one! Full and pitched outside leg stump. Warner opens up his stance and hammers that high over long on;
7.1;?;Mendis to Warner, no run length on the stumps, not much spin, defended into the leg side;
6.6;1;Perera to Warner, 1 run shortish and wide. Warner cuts it square for one;
6.5;2;Perera to Warner, 2 runs tried to smash that full delivery straight, but got a big inside edge and the batsmen have time for two, as fine leg runs into collect;
6.4;1;Perera to Bailey, 1 run length on the legs, turned around the corner;
6.3;W;Perera to Marsh, OUT direct hit, and out! Marsh was clearly rattled there, and desperate to get off strike. Lenght outside off stump, Marsh defended that and took off, and the ball dribbled towards Dilshan, who swooped in and underarmed the throw, to beat Marsh back to the crease;Shaun Marsh run out (Dilshan) 6 (22m 17b 0x4 0x6) SR: 35.29;
6.2;?;Perera to Marsh, no run back-of-a-length at 131kph, Marsh is struggling here. Plays a cut at that one and misses;
6.1;?;Perera to Marsh, no run shortish and on off stump, bunted into the leg side;
5.6;?;Malinga to Warner, no run an over of slower balls and almost a run out. Warner got a thick edge on a length ball outside off stump, and took off for a single, but was sent back quickly enough to beat the direct hit from short third man.;
5.5;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run 116 kph, not a quick ball yet in this over. Shorter and outside off stump, Marsh glides that off the face towards third man;
5.4;?;Malinga to Marsh, no run again 113kph. Slightly shorter this time. Marsh blocks it again.;
5.3;?;Malinga to Marsh, no run another slower ball, 133kph. Marsh expecting it to come quicker, and ends up just hanging his bat out in defence;
5.2;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run slower ball again, Warner reining his attacking instincts in against Malinga so far. Just gets bat on ball and takes a run into the offside infield;
5.1;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run slower ball from Malinga, length on the stumps. Marsh defends and gets a run into the off side;
4.6;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run length on the stumps again, Marsh knocks it into the off side and the batsmen take a quick single as the field closes in to collect;
4.5;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run slightly fuller, heading towards off stump. Marsh defends again;
4.4;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run length ball on off stump this time, Marsh is forward to defend;
4.3;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run fullish, on leg stump again. Hits Marsh on the front pad;
4.2;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run length on leg stump again, Warner turns that to the leg side and finds a gap;
4.1;1;Kulasekara to Marsh, 1 run length ball on leg stump, hits Marsh on the pads and the batsmen take one. Might have got some bat on it;
3.6;?;Malinga to Warner, no run slower ball again, length on middle stump. Defended into the off side.;
3.5;1;Malinga to Marsh, 1 run looking for the middle stump yorker there, but overpitches it slightly. Marsh whips that away to the deep fielder on the leg side;
3.4;?;Malinga to Marsh, no run slower ball, length and on middle stump, defended into the off side;
3.3;1;Malinga to Warner, 1 run fullish and wide, Warner gets the toe of his bat on that and Kulasekara comes in from third man to keep it to one;
3.2;2;Malinga to Warner, 2 runs slower ball, and Malinga gets Warner playing early. Was fullish on off stump, Warner drives but is through it early and spoons it wide of cover;
3.1;1lb;Malinga to Marsh, 1 leg bye length ball on leg stump, Marsh knocks that into the leg side and the batsmen scamper through;
2.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run shortish again, but Warner refrains from going after that one. Hit defensively into the off side;
2.5;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs this is a classy shot. Short again and this is the best of the cut shots. Not much room, but he times that well and splits the field in front of square. no chance of that being hauled in;
2.4;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run Mathews goes even shorter this time and bowls a bouncer. Warner hooks but doesn't time it.;
2.3;4;Angelo Mathews to Warner, FOUR runs shot! Short outside off stump again and Warner bludgeons that cross-batted past the bowler to the short boundary;
2.2;1;Angelo Mathews to Marsh, 1 run shortish outside off stump, and run off the face to third man;
2.1;3;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 3 runs wide of off stump again, and cut hard by Warner in front of square. Reeled in just short of the rope again;
1.6;?;Kulasekara to Marsh, no run good length on off stump, defended;
1.5;W;Kulasekara to Finch, OUT what a catch! Kulasekara's fine run continues. Finch moved across his stumps and tried to hit that through the leg side, but got a thick leading edge and Kushal Perera at short cover dived well in the air to his right to take a super catch.;Aaron Finch c Perera b Kulasekara 1 (8m 3b 0x4 0x6) SR: 33.33;
1.4;1;Kulasekara to Warner, 1 run straight again, Warner gets bat on this one, hits to the legside, and the batsmen run one;
1.3;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run good length and straighter still. Warner is hit on the pads, but the ball was likely heading over the stumps. Might have pitched outside leg as well.;
1.2;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run full again, but tighter into the stumps. Warner defends into the off side;
1.1;?;Kulasekara to Warner, no run full, wide and angled across, Warner drives but the swing takes it away from the bat;
0.6;?;Angelo Mathews to Finch, no run angled across, play and miss on the drive;
0.5;3;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 3 runs wider this time and cut away behind point. Fielders reel it in though;
0.4;1;Angelo Mathews to Finch, 1 run shortish again, short-arm pulled into the leg side into a gap on the infield;
0.3;1lb;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 1 leg bye back of a length again, Warner misses with his pull and they scamper a leg bye;
0.2;2;Angelo Mathews to Warner, 2 runs missed run out! Back of a length again, but straighter. Warner pulls that into the legside and there's some hesitation as the batsmen go for two. Had Mathews collected the throw and broken the stumps, Finch would have been short.;
0.1;?;Angelo Mathews to Warner, no run back of a length, outside off. Looks like there's some bounce here. Warner bunts that down the pitch;

Looks like a packed house. David Warner and Aaron Finch walk to the crease. Angelo Mathews has the ball. Here we go.
The national anthems are under way. Thankfully the game will go ahead despite the sprinklers having been turned on earlier in the week. Though some rain is forecast to be kicking around Sydney. Let's hope it stays away.
Sri Lanka also have the no. 1 ranking they earnt in the World Twenty20 on the line in this series. They need at least a 1-1 result to stay atop the table.
TJ disagrees: "@Tim, maybe because Laughlin is a death bowler where as Faulkner goes for over 8 an over and can barely get bat on ball without luck."
Tim has a bone to pick with the selectors: "Why Ben Laughlin? The guy is a 30 year old no name who's had one good Big Bash. Faulkner is a young player with tons of potential in all formats for Australia, he should be playing."
It's also a big day for Angelo Mathews, who has not yet convinced many that he is ready to be captain. You can read a little about that, here. This is his second match in charge after being given the Twenty20 captaincy.
While you wait for the action to begin, you can read Brydon Coverdale's preview here.
Sujan: "Seriously, no Dhananjaya in the team, i was looking forward to see him bowl." I was hoping he'd get a game too, but Mendis is the senior spinner in Twenty20s, so it's hard to see Dananjaya playing unless it's a turning pitch.
So a debutant each on both sides then, with Kushal Perera also playing his first Twenty20 international. He did look good in the glimpses we had of him in the ODIs, and he might even open today, if the scorecard order can be trusted.
Sri Lanka: 1 Kushal Perera, 2 Tillakaratne Dilshan, 3 Dinesh Chandimal, 4 Mahela Jayawardene, 5 Angelo Mathews (c), 6 Lahiru Thirimanne, 7 Jeevan Mendis, 8 Thisara Perera, 9 Nuwan Kulasekara, 10 Lasith Malinga, 11 Ajantha Mendis.
Australia: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch, 3 Shaun Marsh, 4 George Bailey (capt), 5 Adam Voges 6 Matthew Wade (wk), 7 Glenn Maxwell, 8 Ben Cutting, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Xavier Doherty, 11 Ben Laughlin.
Australia have won the toss and opted to bat at Stadium Australia. We're waiting on the team lists, but news is that Ben Cutting will get a Twenty20 debut.
Both countries are also enjoying public holidays today. It's Australia Day down under and a full moon Poya day in Sri Lanka. Shame they've both fallen on weekends.
The Twenty20s are Sri Lanka's last chance to leave Australia with some silverware of their own. They of course, lost the Test series 3-0 and shared the ODIs 2-2. We will have the toss and teams for you shortly.
Hello all, and welcome to our coverage of the first of two Twenty20s between Sri Lanka and Australia.
 Innings Start
So Sri Lanka will retain their no. 1 ranking, regardless of the result of the next match. Daniel Bretting's report has been updated here. Join us again on Monday for coverage of the second Twenty20 in Melbourne.
David Warner is man of the match for his 90 from 62. He was the only man in the Australian side to hit a four - though Bailey did contribute one six. Just shows you what a lone hand it was.
The bowlers controlled Australia's innings from start to finish, and the death bowling in particular was critical in the end. Let's not forget Kushal Perera's 33 off 22 either. Just picked the right areas in the field to attack, and got good value for his strokes, even when he didn't hit it particularly well. Seems to have a head for pressure.
The Sri Lankan players head over to the big contingent of Sri Lanka fans in the crowd and show their appreciation. They seem to love playing in Sydney, no matter what the venue.
Mathews has a win as captain, and importantly, he was at the crease when the winning runs were hit, which Sri Lanka fans will be happy about. It's been a pretty complete performance in the end.
18.5;6;Laughlin to Perera, SIX runs it's all over! Wonderful striking from Perera to close it out. slightly overpitched again and Perera throws everything at it, and hits it flat and hard over long on for six.;
18.4;6;Laughlin to Perera, SIX runs and that's what Perera's in the team for. Slightly overpitched on middle stump, right in Perera's hitting area and he just clears the deep midwicket fielder, who gets a hand to it.;
18.3;1;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, 1 run Mathews advances, but Laughlin changes himself and almost yorks him. The ball bounces over Laughlin's head and there's a single to long off.;
18.2;4;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs there's not mishit there. Another full toss, shin high, and wider this time, and Mathews drills it along the ground to the straight boundary.;
18.1;2;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs full toss on middle stump, and Mathews doesn't hit that as well as he would like. Gets it in the gap and deep midwicket though, and gets two;
17.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run full outside off stump, and Perera can only drive that back to Starc, who does well to stop it;
17.5;2;Starc to Perera, 2 runs length ball this time, and Perera swings that aerially to deep midwicket for two.;
17.4;?;Starc to Perera, no run terrific bowling, and that shaved leg stump. Yorker angled in, Perera swings big again, aiming over mid on, and can't connect.;
17.3;?;Starc to Perera, no run 141 kph, a wide yorker, Perera swings hard at that but can't get close to it;
17.2;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run slower ball on the stumps, Mathews turns that behind square on the leg side. There is thought of two, but they wisely decide against it;
17.1;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run full and angled into the legs, Perera clears the front leg and drives it to long on;
16.6;1;Laughlin to Perera, 1 run sliding yorker outside off stump, Perera digs it out towards deep cover;
16.5;2;Laughlin to Perera, 2 runs slower ball again, and Perera turns that to the leg side. A run out chance there, but the throw was to the wrong end and the batsmen get back;
16.4;1;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, 1 run worked away to backward square leg;
16.3;?;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, no run another slower ball and almost a return catch. Mathews played early, got a leading edge, and Laughlin almost makes the diving catch. Close call.;
16.2;6;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, SIX runs shot! Overpitched and punished. Mathews stood his ground and struck that clean back over the bowler's head and way over the boundary.;
16.1;?;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, no run slower ball off cutter, and it just misses the off stump. Mathews went for drive, but it beats his inside edge;
15.6;?;Starc to Perera, no run full and outside off stump, Perera drills it hard to mid on, and can't take a run.;
15.5;?;Starc to Perera, no run full, fast and straight. Perera aims a big, aerial drive, but doesn't get near it;
15.4;1;Starc to Angelo Mathews, 1 run slower ball, 125 kph, short of a length and on leg stump. Mathews tucks that to fine leg;
15.3;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run full and angled into leg stump, Perera digs it out and they scamper one to the leg side;
15.2;W;Starc to Thirimanne, OUT backs away and picks out backward with an aerial square drive. It was fullish and on the stumps, Thirimanne gets that on the outside of his bat and it flies to Voges, who takes a sharp chance above his head. Australia still very much in this. Another wicket could spark a panic.;Lahiru Thirimanne c Voges b Starc 20 (17m 15b 2x4 0x6) SR: 133.33;
15.1;?;Starc to Thirimanne, no run lovely ball to beat an expansive drive, full outside off stump and moving slightly away.;
14.6;?;Finch to Angelo Mathews, no run flat again, and full. Mathews hits it back to the bowler;
14.5;?;Finch to Angelo Mathews, no run flatter and straighter, hit back to Finch;
14.4;4;Finch to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs tossed up and that's another crucial boundary. Mathews aims that square of long on this time, and hits it aerially. Warner can't get close to it this time.;
14.3;4;Finch to Angelo Mathews, FOUR runs misfield and four. Australia can't afford that now. Mathews ran down the pitch and drilled it back past the bowler. Warner came around from long on, but dived over the ball as it passed him.;
14.2;?;Finch to Angelo Mathews, no run angled into off stump and straightening, Mathews defends on the front foot;
14.1;1;Finch to Thirimanne, 1 run fullish and on the stumps, driven to long on;
13.6;?;Cutting to Angelo Mathews, no run good length ball angling into off stump, Mathews can only defend that back to the bowler;
13.5;1;Cutting to Thirimanne, 1 run slower ball again, hit off the pads into the leg side infield;
13.4;1;Cutting to Angelo Mathews, 1 run short again, outside off stump, Mathews drags it towards deep square leg again;
13.3;2;Cutting to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs short of a length, mathews jumps to get on top of that one and tucks it wide of deep square leg;
13.2;1;Cutting to Thirimanne, 1 run slower ball, knocked into the vacant leg side infield;
13.1;2;Cutting to Thirimanne, 2 runs full and on off stump, Thirmanne opens the face and drives it towards deep cover. They scamper two, but a better throw might have had them in trouble.;
12.6;1;Laughlin to Thirimanne, 1 run yorker length on middle, digs it out into the off side for a single;
12.5;1;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, 1 run pitched up outside off, pushed past Laughlin towards long-off for a single;
12.4;1;Laughlin to Thirimanne, 1 run pushed that one past the bowler for a single;
12.3;4;Laughlin to Thirimanne, FOUR runs consecutive fours, streaky this time, pitched up outside off and he tried to be expansive there, tried to drive it hard through extra cover, got a thick edge wide of the outstretched left hand of Wade for four more;
12.2;4;Laughlin to Thirimanne, FOUR runs helped on its way to the fine-leg boundary, that was bowled short outside leg and he just had to get some bat to it;
12.1;1;Laughlin to Angelo Mathews, 1 run slower one on the off, gets forward and works it wide of midwicket for a single;
11.6;1;Maxwell to Angelo Mathews, 1 run drives that one down the ground to long-on for a single;
11.5;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run floating outside off, eases it through the infield on the off side for a single;
11.4;1;Maxwell to Angelo Mathews, 1 run shortish on the off, gets back and pushes it wide of a diving midwicket for a single;
11.3;1;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run shortish, on the back foot and turns it wide of midwicket for a single;
11.2;?;Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run slightly short on the off, gets on the back foot and knocks it away into the off side;
11.1;2;Maxwell to Thirimanne, 2 runs short of a length outside off and that's nicely struck, rocks on the back foot and cuts it past point for a couple of runs;
10.6;1;Doherty to Thirimanne, 1 run round the wicket, lands on leg stump and he works it wide of midwicket for a single;
10.5;W;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, OUT bowled! That's a wicket Australia really needed. Mahela is done in by the dip there. Tried to turn it to the on side, but it's full and it sneaks under the bat to hit the pad, and then take off stump.;Mahela Jayawardene b Doherty 8 (16m 10b 1x4 0x6) SR: 80;
10.4;1;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 1 run angling in towards middle, gets across and works it wide of midwicket for a single;
10.3;2;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, 2 runs worked away through square leg into the deep for a well-run couple;
10.2;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run short of a good length, punched off the back foot towards extra cover;
10.1;?;Doherty to Angelo Mathews, no run flat on middle stump, defended;
9.6;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run quick and flat, another cut is attempted, but he can't connect;
9.5;4;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, FOUR runs goes back and it's shorter this time, and he cuts it well. There's a chase, but they can't stop it.;
9.4;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run not all that wide, but goes back to dab that again, but straight to the fielder;
9.3;1;Maxwell to Angelo Mathews, 1 run fullish, driven to long on;
9.2;?;Maxwell to Angelo Mathews, no run tossed up outside off, Mathews pushes that back to the bowler;
9.1;W;Maxwell to Chandimal, OUT down the track, and he holes out trying to clear the short, straight fence. Didn't quite get to the pitch of the ball there, and mistimed it off the toe end. Cutting takes it securely above his head and Sri Lanka need someone to stand up here, or they will throw away another good start.;Dinesh Chandimal c Cutting b Maxwell 5 (4m 6b 0x4 0x6) SR: 83.33;
8.6;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run advances to get to the ball on the full and drives it to long off for one;
8.5;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run tossed up outside off stump, Mahela drives that towards deep cover;
8.4;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run length on the stumps and straightening, worked into the on side again;
8.3;1;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run shorter this time, and he goes on the back foot to work it into the leg side;
8.2;?;Doherty to Mahela Jayawardene, no run full and straightening again, Jayawardene knocks that back to the bowler;
8.1;1;Doherty to Chandimal, 1 run angled in and straightening, Chandimal opens the face and knocks it into the off side;
7.6;1;Maxwell to Chandimal, 1 run full and hit uppishly to long off for a single;
7.5;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run goes back to dab that late, but can't beat Doherty at short third man.;
7.4;1;Maxwell to Chandimal, 1 run misfield allows one. Tossed up wide, and Chandimal gets an outside edge to short third man, who can't field cleanly;
7.3;W;Maxwell to Perera, OUT gone! And Perera's promising innings ends. Length ball spinning away and bouncing outside off stump. Perera rocked back to cut it, and gets a top edge to Wade, who pouches a decent deflection. Good innings from Perera though, while Dilshan struggled.;Kusal Perera c ?Wade b Maxwell 33 (36m 22b 2x4 1x6) SR: 150;
7.2;1;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, 1 run straighter, turned behind square on the leg side;
7.1;?;Maxwell to Mahela Jayawardene, no run tossed up outside off stump, Mahela misses with a cut;
6.6;2;Doherty to Perera, 2 runs slightly shorter, and cut to third man for another two;
6.5;2;Doherty to Perera, 2 runs tossed up outside off stump to take a thick outside edge. The batsmen run two as third man runs around;
6.4;2;Doherty to Perera, 2 runs full on the stumps, turned to deep midwicket. Wade's inability to collect cleanly allows a second.;
6.3;?;Doherty to Perera, no run tossed up on middle stump, Perera hits that straight to short third man.;
6.2;W;Doherty to Dilshan, OUT marvelous catch from Laughlin! What a take. Dilshan runs down the pitch, and Doherty turns it away enough to take the outside edge. Laughlin is running back from point and the ball seemed to be landing safely, but he puts in a terrific dive and snaffles it.;Tillakaratne Dilshan c Laughlin b Doherty 16 (31m 21b 0x4 1x6) SR: 76.19;
6.1;1lb;Doherty to Perera, 1 leg bye pitches outside leg and straightens, Perera tried to glance that, but it hits his pads and they take a leg bye;
5.6;?;Cutting to Dilshan, no run another big swing and a miss. Back of a length on off stump, another big swish fails to make contact.;
5.5;3;Cutting to Perera, 3 runs fullish ball on the stumps, picked up and hit over midwicket. Hauled in before the boundary, but Perera has found the gaps smartly so far;
5.4;1;Cutting to Dilshan, 1 run cover drives a length ball uppishly, but mistimes it. Just clears short cover and they take one. He's broken his bat with that shot.;
5.3;1;Cutting to Perera, 1 run shortish again and on the stumps, tucked away into the leg side;
5.2;4;Cutting to Perera, FOUR runs makes room and carves that over backward point for four. Length on off stump, and he connected well;
5.1;?;Cutting to Perera, no run short ball over the stumps, Perera tries to pull, but plays over the ball;
4.6;1lb;Starc to Perera, 1 leg bye yorker on the pads, Perera tried to clip that away but missed. Batsmen take a leg bye.;
4.5;1;Starc to Dilshan, 1 run length on the stumps, Dilshan pushes it to mid off;
4.4;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run full, wide yorker. Dilshan tries to get hsi bat down on that, but misses again. Can't seem to come to terms with the pace in the pitch yet.;
4.4;1w;Starc to Dilshan, 1 wide this one is a wide. Short ball down leg side.;
4.3;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run slower bouncer outside off stump, Dilshan can't make contact. Looked to be just above his head.;
4.2;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run almost a run out! Dilshan drills it straight to mid on, but Perera takes off, and had the shy hit the stumps, he would have been just short;
4.1;1;Starc to Perera, 1 run edged, but a little luck again. Back of a length outside off stump. Perera tried to turn that onto the leg side, but got a leading edge, which landed safely behind square on the off side;
3.6;?;Laughlin to Dilshan, no run charges down and tries to carve that length ball over the off side, but can't make any contact;
3.5;?;Laughlin to Dilshan, no run he's hit Dilshan with a bouncer, and the batsman goes to one knee immediately. Looks like it hit him on the visor and that pushed the helmet back onto Dilshan's forehead. He's getting some treatment now, but seems alright.;
3.4;?;Laughlin to Dilshan, no run Short of a length, just outside off stump. Dilshan tries to cut but misses;
3.3;1;Laughlin to Perera, 1 run slower ball on the stumps, turned into the leg side;
3.2;?;Laughlin to Perera, no run slows it down to 113kph. Length outside off stump, Perera fends that away to backward point;
3.1;4;Laughlin to Perera, FOUR runs poor bowling there. A real loosener. Short, wide and cut away over point for four;
2.6;1;Cutting to Perera, 1 run back-of-a-length on leg stump, swivels to pull that to fine leg;
2.5;?;Cutting to Perera, no run fuller and outside off stump, Perera drives but misses;
2.4;2;Cutting to Perera, 2 runs dropped, but it was a tough chance. Short and wide, cut hard by Perera, and it bursts through the hands of Maxwell at backward point, who is reaching as high as he can.;
2.3;6;Cutting to Perera, SIX runs super shot that. Back of a length outside off stump and he stood his ground and bludgeoned it corss-batted over long on for six.;
2.2;1;Cutting to Dilshan, 1 run comes down the pitch and tries another drive, but mistimes it. Gets it as far as mid on and sprints to the other end.;
2.1;1;Cutting to Perera, 1 run short of a length outside off stump, glides it to third man;
1.6;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run full on off stump, mistimes a drive to short cover;
1.5;6;Starc to Dilshan, SIX runs the dilscoop gets six! It was length on off stump at 144 kph, and Dilshan kneels to send that high over the keeper and into the seats. Haven't seen that in a while.;
1.4;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run walloped, but short cover stops it. It was full and wide, Dilshan times his cover drive well, but for no reward;
1.3;2;Starc to Dilshan, 2 runs gets back on that one, and into the gap on the off side;
1.2;?;Starc to Dilshan, no run wide and shortish, Dilshan can't connect with a big drive;
1.1;2;Starc to Dilshan, 2 runs length on off stump, Dilshan tries to work that onto the on side but is hit on the pad. They run through and Starc allows an overthrow after his shy at the stumps misses;
0.6;2;Doherty to Perera, 2 runs top edged sweep, but safe. Deep midwicket runs around to stop the ball inside the rope;
0.5;1;Doherty to Dilshan, 1 run fuller and on off stump, Dilshan hits that to cover and runs. Would have been home, even if the throw had hit the stumps;
0.4;2;Doherty to Dilshan, 2 runs length ball, pitched outside leg stump and straightened. Dilshan rocks back and punches that in front of square to the deep fielder;
0.3;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tossed up again, but further down leg side. Dilshan misses with his sweep.;
0.2;?;Doherty to Dilshan, no run tossed up on the stumps. DIlshan defends;
0.1;1;Doherty to Perera, 1 run down the pitch straight away, whips that fullish ball past a diving midwicket for a single;

We're back. Kushal Perera is indeed opening alongside Dilshan. He's facing too.
Spin to start. Doherty has the ball.
 Innings Start
Australia
Sri Lanka
1st T20I (N), Sydney, Jan 26 2013, Sri Lanka tour of Australia
137/3
139/5
Player of the match is David Warner, AUS
Sri Lanka won by 5 wickets (with 7 balls remaining)
