Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email Print Marker of the day Everything about this series has been viewed through an Ashes-shaped prism. At Cardiff England were delighted when their short-ball plan worked against Michael Clarke, and here a similar method proved successful against Ricky Ponting. Australia's captain has had problems against the short ball in recent times - stemming from a tasty head-to-head with Kemar Roach - and on this occasion he got into an awful tangle against Broad's bouncer and gloved a catch to Craig Kieswetter. Both sides will store that memory away for Brisbane. Timely wicket of the day Tim Paine has struggled for fluency throughout the series and it came to a head at Lord's with a laborious 90-ball 54. Setting a platform is one thing, and Paine had to withstand some testing early swing, but sometimes a batsman is better off hitting out or getting out. Shortly after reaching his fifty Paine tried to break free with a reverse sweep off Graeme Swann, only to see the ball turn and take off stump to complete an ugly departure. However, it was probably the best thing for Australia because it brought together their game-changers, Mike Hussey and Shaun Marsh. AdChoices ADVERTISEMENT Gear change of the day Often batting sides opt to take their Powerplay in the final overs of the innings without much thought, but today Australia showed some smart thinking by taking it early. The restrictions were called for in the 39th over with the innings still struggling for momentum and Marsh, having laboured to 15 from 29 balls, suddenly found top gear with 18 off four deliveries and the five overs went for 63. However, it didn't stop there. The surge Australia gained from those overs extended through the rest of the innings to the extent that the last 11 overs brought a mammoth 130 runs. That would be an exceptional performance even in a Twenty20 game. Thunderbolt(s) of the day Shaun Tait has been pushing the speed gun towards three figures since his return to the side at Old Trafford and this time he broke cricket's equivalent of the sound barrier with a delivery recorded by TV to be 100.1mph (161kph). The landmark was reached with the fifth ball of his opening over as he raced in against Kieswetter, who fended the ball into the leg-side having already been beaten by two unplayable leg-cutters. Until this innings Tait had been operating in two-over bursts, but this time he kept going and in his third over he castled Andrew Strauss with a vicious late-swinger before proving far too swift for the promoted Michael Yardy. Catch of the day Despite losing their top three to the combined pace of Tait and Ryan Harris, England still had Eoin Morgan. He was taking his time to get settled when he latched onto a short ball from James Hopes and pulled it towards deep midwicket. Marsh sprinted around the boundary, stretched to his right and reached the catch, but as he slammed into the ground the ball bobbled out of his hands. However, in an amazing stroke of fortune, Marsh managed to grasp it into his chest and Australia had their key wicket. Direct hit of the day It hasn't been the happiest of series for Ponting - notwithstanding his 92 at The Oval - but when his team needed a touch of inspiration with Paul Collingwood and Tim Bresnan building a threatening stand he was on hand - literally. Bresnan drove the ball into the covers and immediately set off, but Ponting didn't have far to move. From that moment there was only one winner. He collected the ball with his back to the non-striker's stumps, swivelled, paused for balance, and hit direct to catch Bresnan short. Eleven of the day England's selection during this series has been a model of consistency with the same team taking the field in all five matches. It was the first time England had gone through a five-match series with an unchanged side, and only the seventh time in history that it had happened for any team. Clearly a winning habit helped early on and even though the series was wrapped up after three games Andrew Strauss and Andy Flower decided to leave Ian Bell, Ajmal Shahzad and Ryan Sidebottom on the sidelines. Shaun Marsh Graeme Swann Stuart Broad Shaun Tait Michael Hussey Paul Collingwood England Australia England vs Australia Australia tour of England and Ireland Andrew McGlashan is assistant editor of Cricinfo
